MARIO BALOTELLI OUTSCORES WAYNE ROONEY IN THE BEDROOM
HOOKER Jenny Thompson reveals Mario Balotelli outscores Wayne Rooney in the bedroom.
Jenny, 23, who has bedded both strikers, said: “Wayne may be the better footballer but when it comes to performance off the pitch Mario beats him in every way.”
Thompson revealed Balotelli partied and romped with her until nearly 5am — then went training with Manchester City after just three hours’ sleep
.
Jenny, famous for having a threesome with Rooney, told how she and Balotelli drank champagne by a pool at his home until the early hours.
Then he took her to his bedroom for passionate sex.
Jenny said: “Mario has a fantastic body and knows exactly how to satisfy a woman.”
Her revelation will infuriate City manager Roberto Mancini, who has been angered by the Italian striker’s recent lacklustre efforts in training and  during  Premier League matches.
Balotelli’s performances on the pitch may be erratic — but Jenny said he’s always man of the match in the bedroom.
She added: “I’d give him a 9.5 out of 10 for the sex.
“Mario is funny, intelligent and a gentleman in the bedroom. He’s a brilliant kisser.”
Jenny met Balotelli five times during a six-week  fling  and they slept together twice — behind the back of his girlfriend Raffaella Fico.
The 21-year-old striker began wooing Jenny after he and a pal pulled up in his white Bentley alongside her friend’s  car  as it sat at traffic lights on February 19.
They arranged to meet the following night at a meal Balotelli was hosting at a Manchester Indian restaurant for brother Enoch’s 19th birthday. When Jenny arrived Balotelli was sitting drinking with pals. A large bottle of Grey Goose vodka was on their table.
She said: “When I walked into the restaurant he didn’t make a massive fuss. He looked fit.
“At that stage the only interaction was flirty eyes between us.”
But when Jenny went to the toilet she came out of the cubicle to  find  Balotelli standing outside.
She said: “He’d obviously followed me and had a smirk on his face.
“I said ‘Oh hello, what are you doing here?’ He said he had just come to say ‘Hi’ and asked me what I was planning to do after.
“Then he asked if I wanted to go back to his for a party. I said OK. Then he leaned in for our first kiss. It was a nice kiss and he was quite gentlemanly. He didn’t try and get me in the cubicle or anything.”
Balotelli, Enoch and friends left the restaurant at 1am and Jenny and her pal followed him to his house in Alderley Edge, Cheshire.
