Inspiring
Mario Balotelli is making the headlines for all the wrong reasons, MTNFootball’s Rossella Marrai takes a look at the Italian; how there are other players like him and how there is no outside solution to the hot-tempered youngster.
The issue of: ‘How do you solve a problem like Mario?’ has become one of the most frequently utilized questions in the recent weeks of football.
Never short of controversy, the Ghanaian-born Italian has seemingly put his Manchester City and Azzurri careers in doubt.
With his latest antics coming against Arsenal in early April, Balotelli notched up his second dismissal of the season when he took to the field with his usual unforeseen intrinsic anger.
Tackle-after-tackle his temperament became worse and the player finally disgraced himself once more.
He became the subject of disappointment by critics, fans and even his coach Roberto Mancini, who finally had enough of his leg being pulled by the youngster: “I am finished!
“We have six games and he will not play in the next six games!
“But, at this moment, I'm very sorry for him because he continues to lose his talent, his quality. I hope, for him, that he can understand that he's in a bad way for his future, and he can change his behavior,” Mancini noted after the game against the Gunners.
Like Carlos Tevez before him, Mario has been banished from the squad for the remainder of the season; jeopardizing his place in Cesare Prandelli’s Italian Euro 2012 squad.
Like the words of the nuns from the Sound of Music: ‘how do you solve a problem like… Mario?’ To be simple and frank, you don’t!
Most people forget, that despite him having been around for a number of years, Balotelli is just 21-years-old and not 28.
Thrust into the limelight at the tender age of 16, Barwuah - as his birth name would be - was promised great success following a troubled childhood.
When recognition finally arrived, Balotelli’s parents suddenly made themselves known and demanded his return to the family: resulting in him accusing them of ‘glory hunting’.
Childhood wasn’t the shiniest of yellow brick roads. Growing up and not knowing where one truly belongs is scary enough, but having to deal with the slings and arrows of racism shunned upon him, is one of several underlying reasons as to why the striker has had to develop a thick skin.
In their hey days Wayne Rooney and Antonio Cassano were no different.
Cassano was a volatile character on and off the field, who often fell out with his teammates, failed at school, had two scooters and three cars impounded at 17, and boasted about the number of women he had slept with in his book entitled: “Sex and food, the perfect night”.
Rooney’s short fuse was his biggest falling as he was sent off repeatedly for swearing, insulting and for continuous battles with the referees and players. He was also reportedly seen at various brothels in England and questions of infidelity also erupted. 
The Englishman, now 26, and the boy from Bari, now 29, have managed to dim the flames of fury and are playing some of their better football to date (barring Cassano’s stroke back in October).
Maturity takes time to set and with Balotelli at the age of 21, the youngster still wants to go out and have fun, explore life and live care-free.
Ruud Gullit suggested on Twitter about the striker: “I think he is one of these persons you have to say the opposite. So say; kick the *#*** out of them. Then he won't.”
So goes the saying: ‘you can’t tame the wild, the wild tames you’.
Balotelli needs to be left alone to ponder the consequences of his actions, to take risks and see the good and bad results and eventually the seed of maturity will begin to sprout.
In the same interview Mancini also went on to say: “I love him as a guy, I love him as a player, because I know him. He's not a bad guy. He's a fantastic player.”
Balotelli is not completely reckless in his lifestyle; he has helped youngsters who have been bullied at school, donated money to endless charities, Churches and even a pub in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, a suburb in Manchester.
Only the daft will deny the talent which the former Inter player possesses. However, should he make this year’s Italy Euro squad? Only Prandelli can choose, but the only solution to the problem of Mario is Balotelli himself.
Your Comments
