Views: 242
 
Mario Mario Balotelli become one of Manchester City at Manchester United Manchester United 's devastating 6-1 at Old Trafford Old Trafford . Both inside and outside the field, it's always a story about him.
"Why Always Me?" Once the writing on the shirt in Balottelli which he showed after scoring the opening goal in the match on Sunday (10/23/2011) evening, after he quietly launched a corner kick to the left of goalkeeper David De Gea, forward James Milner James Milner cross.
Fans certainly easy to grasp the meaning of Balotelli's writings on display, and is concerned as to protest the stories "tilt" is often in the media about him, especially things off the field.
In fact, since I was at Inter he does often lead to conflict, from his style on the field, until the temperament in the dressing room, so that the La Beneamata did not give him an all-out protection, although he never mentioned as a potential major player in the future.
Brought to England by Roberto Mancini, who incidentally former coach at Inter, Balotelli was not too shine in his first season.Despite that he was several times wounded, he never became a regular starter. He was only involved in 17 Premier League matches and only produced six goals.
At the beginning of this season Balotelli had been seen going to lose in the internal competition on the front line team, with the sharpness of Edin Dzeko and Sergio Aguero. But, with recent performance, Mancini is very likely going to pay attention and greater portion of the 21-year player.
And Balotelli memperlihatkah skill in the Manchester derby last night, with incised two goals, the party started to embarrass his team in the "Red Devils" in its own cage, with a 6-1 victory. Thus he has scored five goals from five parties in the league, or six goals from seven matches in all competitions.
"Mario is really emerging now. This is not Mario the same as last year ... I've changed my life. I do not live in town anymore. I'm tall in a quieter suburb. I try to be more comfortable at home," said the player quoted by the Guardian.
Ironically, the day before falling to Old Trafford, Balotelli instead of the unfortunate. As a result of playing fireworks with his friends in the bathroom, near his house on fire. Although it has been aided firefighters, still experienced large losses, said about one million pounds.
"I do not know about the fire fireworks. The important thing Mario and his friends just fine. But, as far as the match was in progress, a good Mario game at all. If you want to talk about Mario as a football player, I put him on a list of five players first in the world, "said Mancini.
"The problem he is of age. He is still young and may, at times he could do a lot of mistakes. But as a footballer, he was amazing.
"I hope in him, for football in general, we came on a day when Mario has truly changed his mind, because after this he became one of the world's three best players like Lionel Messi Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo Cristiano Ronaldo ," he continued.
Supoter City also gave a high appreciation by singing a song specially created for Balotelli. The lyrics read, "Oh Balotelli, he's a striker, He's good at darts, has an allergy to grass, but Pls he plays he's **** ing class, he drives around Moss Side with a wallet full of cash."
No less interesting is the matter of the slogan "Why Always Me?" on the jerseys in the Balotelli. Since opening its outer clothes, although it does not make it a bare chest, he still rewarded a yellow card by referee.
"I do not see the incident. But that's Mario. I think he wanted to show it to our supporters, because he is crazy (crazy). Next time maybe he should not open shirt. I'm kidding when I say 'crazy'. I like him because he's a good boy really, "said Mancini.
1 of 27
kokolucky is based in Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia,         and is a Stringer for Allvoices.
Report Credibility
