Leonardo Bonucci (on back) and Gianluigi Buffon celebrate victory over…
Isola: Balotelli & Italy enjoy a primo day
FRANK ISOLA
Tuesday, June 19, 2012
Mario Balotelli punctuated his one moment of brilliance by shouting something to no one in particular. The volatile Balotelli may have been directing his words toward Italy coach Cesare Prandelli for not starting him in the team's 2-0 win over Ireland on Monday in Poznan, Poland. Or Balotelli may have just been telling the world that he has finally arrived at Euro 2012 after scoring Italy's second goal and his first of the tournament.   Italy and Spain, a 1-0 winner over Croatia on Monday in Gdansk, advanced to the quarterfinals. Spain won Group C and will play the runnerup in Group D, while the Italians will face the Group D winner. England, France and co-host Ukraine are all in contention to finish either first or second in Group D.   Italy took a 1-0 lead in the first half when Antonio Cassano scored on a header in the 35th minute. It was an emotional moment for Cassano, who suffered stroke-like symptoms on AC Milan's team plane in October and later required minor heart surgery. He was sidelined for five months and was unsure if he'd ever play again.   "The victory was something we struggled for but the most important thing was to get through the group," Cassano said.   Balotelli was emotional for different reasons. The Manchester City striker had started Italy's first two matches at the European Championships but was left out of the starting 11 against Ireland even though Italy needed goals. Had Spain and Croatia ended in a 1-1 draw, Italy would have needed a three-goal win to advance.   Balotelli replaced Antonio Di Natale in the 74th minute and just before stoppage time he redirected Alessandro Diamanti's corner kick with a right foot shot around defender John O'Shea that beat Irish goalkeeper Shay Given. The 21-year-old Balotelli, with his back to the goal, was falling down as he struck the ball in midair.   Ireland had dominated play in the second half and nearly  equalized in the 79th minute, when Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon made a diving save on Keith Andrews' free kick. Ireland played with 10 men after Andrews was given a red card one minute before Balotelli scored.   "We suffered in the last few minutes because we were waiting for the result in the other game," Prandelli said. "We have got through this group, which wasn't easy with Croatia, Spain and even Ireland who ... gave everything they could. ... Today we realized that beyond quality, you really need heart."
FEATURED ARTICLES
