11 Jan 2012 00:03
Manchester City star Mario Balotelli says he's just misunderstood in most revealing interview yet
Throwing darts at youth players, wrecking £100,000 cars, trying to break into a women’s prison or setting off fireworks in his bathroom, life for Mario Balotelli is never dull.
Mario Balotelli covers L'Uomo Vogue Magazine
Throwing darts at youth players, wrecking £100,000 cars, trying to break into a women’s prison or setting off fireworks in his bathroom, life for Mario Balotelli is never dull.
The Italian star, who has lit up the Premier League at Manchester City, is just as well known for his outrageous antics off the pitch as his talents on it,
But Mario insists he is just misunderstood and in his most in-depth interview yet, displays a surprising maturity.
Asked about his infamous escapades, he shrugs: “Someone should explain to adults and elderly people that I’m not the only rich young footballer.
“I’m 21 and I’ve been living far from home for almost two years now. I adapted well, but I don’t have real friends here.”
He may lack friends, but not female companionship. He is currently dating 23-year-old Raffaella Fico, who describes him as “family-orientated”, and says he loves to read. They spent Christmas together in Manchester.
Mario Balotelli and Raffaella Fico (Pic: Splashnews.com)
Previously, he dated Big Brother star Sophie Reade and has been linked to Miss Italy contestant Melissa Castagnoli.
And despite doubts about his adopted city: “I don’t like the city, it’s not to my tastes,” he declared shortly after his £24million transfer, his £120,000-a-week wage seems to have helped him settle.
He now says: “I’m really happy here.”
Super Mario, as he is known to fans, has already won the Champions League, the Italian championship and the FA Cup. David Beckham asked him for a signed shirt to give to his sons and rapper Tinchy Stryder has written a song about him.
Rumours of outlandish generosity follow him around, including Twitter gossip that he dressed as Santa and drove around handing out £20 notes over Christmas, and once bought dinner for everyone at a Nando’s restaurant.
David Beckham and Mario Balotelli (Pic: Splashnews.com)
David Beckham and Mario Balotelli
But he insists stories are “always exaggerated” and he would be happiest if people would stop talking about him and let him get on with his day job.
Speaking to Italian Vogue magazine, he says: “The most annoying thing is that in Italy those foolish talks are re-used and amplified without checking.”
He adds: “If I buy a Fiat Uno, I’ll read that for a man like me a Ferrari was more suitable. If instead I buy a Ferrari, they’ll write that I should have kept my feet on the ground and bought a Fiat.
“If I smile, I’m not serious. If I don’t smile, I’m a rich sulker that doesn’t enjoy having the most beautiful job in the world.”
His comments go some way to explaining the “Why Always Me?” T-shirt he revealed after scoring against rivals Manchester United.
But then there are other incidents – like last October when a pal started a fire in his £3million home by letting off fireworks in the bathroom.
Or when his mum Silvia sent him to buy an ironing board and he returned home with a Scalextric, two Vespa scooters and a table tennis set instead.
Window of Balotelli's mansion damaged by fireworks (Pic:ChrisNeill)
Then there’s £10,000 of parking fines in two years, having his car impounded 27 times and reports last April that when police pulled him over and asked why he had £25,000 on his front seat, he allegedly said: “Because I can”.
In August the previous year, he wrote off a £110,000 Audi R8 after owning the car for just one day.
In March 2011, he was fined £100,000 for throwing darts at young players and the following month he won £25,000 in a casino and gave £1,000 to a tramp. Then there was the infamous minute-long struggle to put on a training bib.
Mario Balotelli car crash (Pic: SM)
And in Italy, in October 2010, he was caught driving into a women’s prison with his younger brother, Enoch, who is now at Stoke City. They told police officers that they were “specially curious at the fact that it was a women’s prison”.
But then Mario has never been exactly slow in coming forward. After being named Europe’s best young player, he revealed he’d never heard of the runner-up – Arsenal’s midfielder Jack Wilshere.
In another statement, he claimed: “There’s only one that is a little stronger than me – Messi.” That’s Lionel Messi, who has just been named world player of the year for the third time in a row.
But while Mario’s self-belief can be seen as arrogant, he has the talent to get away with it. Just about. He was the youngest Champions League goalscorer, at 18 years and 85 days – and has already lifted that most coveted trophy in club football.
His big break came at Inter Milan, managed by Roberto Mancini, who later bought the striker after becoming boss at Manchester City.
Mancini and the striker get on famously well. “A trainer should get the best out of his players and Mancini is good at it – he’s doing it now!” Mario smiles.
Mario Balotelli celebrates a goal against Manchester United (pic: Action Images)
Born to Ghanaian parents, Mario was raised in Brescia by Italians Francesco and Silvia Balotelli from the age of three.
He has since slammed his biological parents after they tried to get in touch, saying: “If I hadn’t become a football star they wouldn’t have cared.” Growing up black in a white family, he has a deep understanding of race issues and suffered abuse from fans on the terraces in Italy.
But, despite a series of recent race rows in English football, he says racism is not a big problem here.
“It’s not a topic that is necessarily linked to football,” he says. “I know passionate supporters that are very correct, in Italy, and England. Racism springs from ignorance. We should work on children.”
And in the blue half of Manchester at least, the fans have taken him to their hearts. A terrace chant inspired by his antics goes, “Oh Balotelli he’s a striker, he’s good at darts, he’s allergic to grass but when he plays he’s f***ing class. Drives round Moss Side with a wallet full of cash, can’t put on his vest but when he does he is the best”
“I know it, and I like it!” he chuckles.
Recently Published
