A Blog Dedicated To Ladies of Sport.
Thursday, July 7, 2011
Raffaella Fico and Mario Balotelli Have a Bite To Eat
Raffaella Fico could not make its debut on the sly in the world of WAGs: Italian bomb had hit the headlines by marketing her virginity in 2008 at the age of 20 years.
And to be quite certain to continue into indecency, she set her sights on a footballer, not just any course, a bad boy: Mario Balotelli, attacking the notoriously moody and regular antics off the pitch .
Before leaving to join Inter Milan in the summer of 2010 and his former Manchester City coach Roberto Mancini, he had left a bad impression to last Nerazzurri supporters, is being challenge by excessive speed in the open in the middle of Milan's night in June 2010 (10 points in less than a hit on his license). Last bang of a saga punctuated by disiplinaires problems and incidents, like the time he put the shirt of hated rivals - AC Milan - on a TV set, or one where he threw his jersey at the half -Champions League final against Barcelona, ​​booed by the fans. To continue the football, he needed a change.
"Super Mario", which was adopted at age 3 years, left the boot for the country to the rose, but he took with him one of "pride" of Italy Raffaele Fico, young model lingerie incendiary bomb of men's magazines, which had earned its reputation for selling her virginity in 2008 to 20 years for one million euros, after being revealed in the Italian Big Brother. Class through the kidneys, she told the magazine Chi: " I do not know at all what sex (...) If the man who buys my virginity is impure, it will go very quickly, I'll take a glass of wine and try not to think about. " Worse, family and friends served as his character witnesses, ensuring that the young woman was a devout Catholic praying every night that she had never had a boyfriend and she was a virgin ...
The relationship between Mario Balotelli and Raffaella Fico is proven since the beginning of the summer, and the couple is now in the crosshairs of the paparazzi: after a dinner at San Carlo on Wednesday in Manchester, lovers wanted to slip away quietly by a back door ... Missed!
