Alessandro Mastrorocco
Mario Balotelli - Jorge-11
The striker of FC Inter with the character of a bully is a symbol of the new generation of Italians born of immigrants.
The Italian Ministry of Defense has invented a neologism, “Generation Balotelli”, to describe the new generation of Italians born of immigrants that have been coming to Italy over the past twenty years. The Ministry has also affirmed that is essential for Italy to research a new national identity that will include the newcomers and avoid racism or discrimination.
Mario Balotelli is the new “bad boy” of Italian soccer, and possibly the star of the National Italian team for the next Word Cup of 2010. The story of this young man of eighteen years is at the same time singular and expressive of the great social change happening in Italy.
Supermario the “Bad Boy” of Italian Soccer
Mario, called Supermario by FC Inter supporters, was born in the city of Palermo, Sicily, but his parents were illegal immigrants from Ghana. They abandoned, for whatever reason, the child who was adopted at the age of two by a family from a little town in northern Italy, Concesio, where Pope Paolo VI was born. A couple of years later the boy started to kick a ball in the “oratorio”, the typical courtyard of the churches of Northern Italy where kids play. Mario suddenly showed a natural talent.
Balotelli is now a star of Italian soccer. The young Italian national, playing at highest level in the past two years has earned himself quite the reputation of “bad boy” due to the fact that on the soccer field he often has a problematic character that annoys his adversaries and their supporters.
The striker of the Nerazzurri from Milan has been criticized for his bully-like behavior during matches. Mario admitted this to be a weakness of his character. Possibly, with the help of the coach Josè Mourinho and working to change this attitude, Supermario will become a star of international soccer.
Racism and the “Generation Balotelli”
Gianni Mura , one of the most known sports journalists of Italy, noted that the young player's provocative acts may reflect a need to defend himself. Balotelli was hurt several times with racist chants in the Italian stadiums, but even so he unequivocally announced his intent to play for the Italian national team.
More on this topic
