Report This
I don't like Balotelli very much, but he redeemed himself with that crucial last second pass.
To be honest there are a few weaker players in our side, such as Balotelli, Kolarov, Savic, Dzeko, Milner, Lescott and Johnson, but none should be sold because a winning squad has to be kept together. The dressing room spirit is vital to next year's campaign. They will know they are winners and they will know that each one has the other one's back covered after that amazing comeback.
But we should buy Coloccini from Newcastle. He's class and he's fast. He plays the ball out of defence far better than Kompany and Lescott together. And he's Argentine, and who can complain about an Argentine's workrate or passion for football?
We don't need anyone else. Our game plan just needs tweaking here and there. Lescot, Johnson, Barry and Milner can work on their sprinting ability. Johnson can get wider. Mancini can urge the team to cross the ball in faster to Dzeko and Balotelli, and not floated in like Silva and Nasri do. Nasri will probably be better next season with every game. Kolarov needs to be shown the benefits of tracking back. Balotelli just needs his head trained. Dzeko needs to work on his first touch. These are just small improvements that will bring a huge overall difference.
Blue Blue Electric Blue , Romiley (15/05/2012 at 12:27)
Report This
Are you a distant supporter Chris? I agree that Savic is not probably up to our standards now and Kolarov is too unpredictable. However, the players you mention are fringe players apart from Lescott and he has been immense this season (Sunday's mistake apart). I watch week in and week out and Lescott is one of the reasons we won the League Title. He and Kompany have been superb together; it's gone wrong when Komp has been out and Lescott has been paired with Savic or Kolo.
Half time time pint, STILL queuing at the bar. (15/05/2012 at 13:02)
Report This
Lescott sold! Are you mad. We have the best central defensive partnership in the league. Why would we split that up? That mistake he made on Sunday is practically his only 1 of the season. His heading ability clearing balls out of the box is the best in the team.
WallaceMk2,  Lancashire (15/05/2012 at 13:40)
