Forget Cristiano Ronaldo, Wayne Rooney and Mesut Ozil… Mario Balotelli is the man to watch in Euro 2012
Posted on Tuesday, 22nd May 2012 by Andrea T Judge
Who is the most talented Italian youngster at the moment? His reputation precedes this article and yet his history is still far too short. No-one captures headlines the way he does. His skills with a football are part of the reason, no doubt, but his continuous misbehaviour plays an equally important role. B for bad boy.
Some great players are precocious. Giuseppe Meazza debuted with Inter at the age of seventeen and scored a hat-trick. Others are, in certain ways, ahead of their time. Mario Balotelli is not the first black player to don the shirt of la nazionale (remember, for instance, Fabio Liverani?), but he is the first who will play in a major tournament. More than that, he is the first with the potential to be its protagonist. This is the most important sign of the times, and certainly the healthiest, for a football culture that is still plagued with more racism than most would care to admit. Balotelli has great responsibility, over and beyond the trophies that he could win. The problem facing Italian football is that he is probably the wrong person for that.
Balotelli was never meant to be an icon. He is no Lillian Thuram, no Gaetano Scirea. In Florence he responded to the racist chants by sticking out his tongue. In Verona he addressed the audiences vicariously, via the microphones. Mi fate schifo, you sicken me. And then there are the million anecdotes which totter between endearing and ridiculous, stories about a grown man who can’t wear a bib or about a football player who is allergic to grass. B for big baby, and that’s exactly what he is.
Too much was heaped on his shoulders, but this for reasons that transcend the question of ethnicity. Balotelli is not the first black Italian player (remember, for instance, Matteo Ferrari?). No, if so much light has always been shone on his spot, it’s because he is so exceptionally, so undeniably good. At seventeen he starts in Roberto Mancini’s grinding wheel Internazionale.
At eighteen he already counts more than ten goals in three different competitions, including the Champions League (Inter’s youngest international scorer to date). The kid has everything. He is huge, powerful, shockingly fast and skilled enough to start in a team which, back then, included Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Luis Figo, Hernan Crespo, Ricardo Quaresma and Amantino Mancini. Balotelli did not walk into the Italian football scene, he exploded on it. B for the bomb.
This is especially intriguing because Balotelli’s technique (not to mention his style) has so little that is recognizably Italian. He is significantly bigger than the traditional Italian forward. At 189 cm he is second in stature only to Luca Toni, but just as heavy (88 kg). And he is so much faster. Nobody that size is supposed to dash so fast on his legs. Hence: Super Mario.
While Italians are traditionally utilitarian, even ferociously so, Balotelli plays like a wizard, constantly looking for the most pyrotechnic and spectacular play over the most fruitful one (and he does this for the good and for the bad). In everything but the fact of being uncommonly gifted, he is the exact opposite of the other magical Italian B, the one that is already inscribed in legend. B for Roberto Baggio.
