Your Shout  ( 0 )
DANIELE DE ROSSI has told Mario Balotelli to grow up and not fall for England’s dirty tricks campaign in Kiev this weekend.
Balotelli will be targeted by Roy Hodgson’s men when they clash with Italy in Sunday’s Euro 2012 quarter-final.
The Manchester City striker has a suspect temperament and has become known for losing his cool.
England will look to exploit this and De Rossi has told Balotelli to keep calm and not ruin Italy’s chances by doing something stupid.
De Rossi admits Balotelli hits the headlines for all the wrong reasons and he said: “Ask him (about being in the media). I don’t know if he’s bothered, or maybe he is just feeding them too much. We have talked a lot about him being a great player, but if he wants to grow he needs to learn how to react to a certain situation.
“The most important thing is to win this game. It isn’t just about one player.
“There’s a lot of talk about him because he’s good, young and has done so much at Manchester City.
“But it’s about responsibility. He needs to play a good game. It’s the manager’s decision. It’s up to him to make that decision about him and he needs to accept it.”
De Rossi admits he will be going head-to-head with his idol Steven Gerrard in the midfield battle.
He said: “Steven Gerrard is my idol. He has been at the pinnacle for 10 years.
“You see Gerrard defending and attacking. I would like to be able to play more like that.”
England have been the surprise package of the finals after winning Group D despite being written off at the start.
De Rossi admits he felt sorry for former boss Fabio Capello when he quit as England boss.
But he reckons the Three Lions have become even more like an Italian outfit since Roy Hodgson took charge.
Hodgson had spells as boss of both Inter Milan and Udinese and Roma star De Rossi, who revealed he has had offers from several Premier League sides this summer, added: “I felt sorry for Capello.
“I wish him all the best for the future. I’m really grateful to him. He helped me get to the national team when I was young and he was a great motivator of players.
“But England have done well. England have some great players and it won’t be easy. They have a manager who has managed in Italy before so they know how to play.”
TOP RELATED..
