+ Subscribe
Manchester City forward and Italian player Mario Balotelli was suspended four games for stepping on Scott Parker’s head, Tottenham player. The incident happened last Sunday when both teams met in a regular season game for the English Premier.
The FA or Football Association of England announced the punishment for Balotelli on Monday night after reviewing the play. The FA has also given Balotelli two days to make a public apology as well.
Manchester City’s assistant coach, David Platt, has complained that the FA was very harsh with this punishment given to Bolatelli. Platt explains that Manchester City will not have one of their main stars for four games and that is very critical for the club team which is fighting to stay on top of the English league. Platt went on to say that the video does not show the aggression that the FA accused Balotelli of having against Scott Parker.
On the other hand, Manchester City can present an appeal by Wednesday morning to overturn the punishment or to alleviate it.
Advertisement
Manchester City’s next game is against Liverpool in the semifinals of the Carling Cup this Wednesday, and the club is bothered by the fact that they can’t argue to just have Balotelli suspended for regular season games instead of any side tournament like the Carling Cup.
Mario Balotelli, son of Ghanaian immigrants in Italy, has been a controversial player since he arrived to Manchester City in August of 2010. Balotelli has been red carded three times while playing for the English club team. One time, it was during a UEFA Europa League game, which is one of the highest and second most prestigious club tournaments in Europe (the most prestigious being UEFA Champions League).
Balotelli was also heavily criticized last summer when he scored a goal against the LA Galaxy in a friendly at the Home Depot Center by healing the goal into the net in a mocking manner. Most soccer analysts stated, after the game, that he was very disrespectful and is a player that needs to be taught some manners.
Balotelli, after stepping on Scott Parker's head, goes to check to see how Parker is doing during the game between Tottenham and Manchester City this past Sunday.
Photo credit: 
