Your Shout  ( 0 )
JAMES MILNER insists England have no idea which Mario Balotelli will turn up for Sunday’s crunch Euro 2012 quarter- final in Kiev.
But he has backed Joleon Lescott and Co to achieve Mission Impossible – and keep the maverick Italian striker quiet.
Balotelli is expected to be the focus of attention once again when Roy Hodgson’s men do battle with Italy on Sunday for a place in the semi-finals.
The Manchester City hitman scored a stunning volley to help sink the Republic of Ireland this week and fi re his side into the last eight.
Balotelli will come face to face with club colleagues Milner and Lescott – and Milner has warned the Three Lions to expect the unexpected.
Milner said: “There are obviously two Marios. There is one who sometimes turns up in training and sometimes he’s a bit cold and is not too interested.
“And there is the other time when he is really on to it and he is a special talent.
“I might give him (Balotelli) a bit of banter. It’s good to see him score but the boys at the back have been outstanding so far in this tournament.
“Joleon, as well as all season for City, is now doing it for England. He has been unbelievable. He knows him well, he trains with him every day and I’m sure he will keep him quiet.
“We’ve seen that he’s a different player. He is very strong and with his shooting he can cause problems. He is tricky, he’s strong and he’s a clever player as well.
“He’s a danger, but he is one of many. They have got a lot of good players in their team so we need to make sure we don’t just concentrate on him.
“The lads at the back have been brilliant and I’m sure they’ll continue to do that and hopefully we will cause them a few problems going the other way.
“We will concentrate on our game and we know if we play to the best of our ability we can get another win.”
Lescott admits stopping Balotelli will be a tough task – but insists if anyone can do it he can.
The City centre-back has been outstanding throughout England’s Group D campaign after cementing his place alongside John Terry at the heart of Hodgson’s defence.
But unlike Milner, Lescott insists there will be no banter with his team-mate.
He said: “Coming up against Mario is obviously going to be a tough task. I know the quality he possesses.
“At any time he can create something out of nothing. He is quick, strong and similar to the other world-class strikers in the tournament.
“I’m sure there will be strengths and weaknesses we will be looking to exploit against each other.
“But there won’t be texts. We are here for different teams. We play together at club level but international level is totally different.
“He got his goal and looked sharp, but the team is not made up of one player.”
Expectations surrounding England have gone from zero to skyhigh but Lescott insists there will be no talk of winning Euro 2012 unless Hodgson’s men reach the final.
He added: “Everyone has got everything to play for. It will be tough but we are confident going into every game.
“If we get to the final, then you believe we can win it but we will take one game at a time. It’s an old cliche but we have to be professional and do that and hopefully progress.
“Everyone wants us to do well and the way we are going about our business is helping.
“When you’ve got people like Stevie (Gerrard) and Wayne (Rooney), and what they’ve achieved in their careers, I don’t think they play any game thinking it would be an achievement just to qualify.
“They are winners and it leaks into the squad. For myself, winning the Premier League this season helps and now I just want to go on and progress.”
TOP RELATED..
