August 3, 2011 at 2:40 pm
Are you kidding me with this Rod? “… the 3 games he played…were against sub par defenses …” Lets see, with Houston you’re right.  They were the 31st ranked over all defense, only better than Denver in 2011.  But Oakland was the 11th ranked defense (meaning pretty good) and San Diego was the 1st ranked defense (meaning better than everyone else).  So other than Houston, the defenses Tebow faced were anything but “sub par.” And you may not like the way his throw looks, but I sure as hell like the way he plays better than I like the way Orton plays.
How many comeback pushes did Orton make–not just victories, but strings of scoring drives–oh yeah, versus Seattle and K.C., both overrated teams and both in Denver.  Other than that, he would struggle to avoid getting consecutive 3-and-outs.  Tebow put together a comeback push in all three of those games.  Against Oakland he became one of only three NFL players to get a 30+ yard TD pass and 40+ yard TD run in the same game, and he did that in the first quarter, in their house, as a true rookie.  Then he helped lead the Broncos to an impressive come from behind victory against Houston where his best accomplishment wasn’t scoring all those points, in my opinion it was his ability to inspire the defense to step up and play good enough to make a comeback in the fourth quarter possible.  He showed the defense that the offense would do everything in their power to do their part, and they reacted in kind.  When San Diego came to town for the final game with the best overall offense AND defense in the NFL against Denver’s mediocre offense and worst defense, it should have been a stomping delivered by Phyllis Rivers and her Chargers.  Instead, Tebow mounted another come from behind push late in the game that ended up being one caught pass away from victory.
Two losses to one win, true, but considering everything that happened last season, he did superbly.  Even with his ugly throw.  Even with his penchant to run first.  Tebow did great, and inspired a large number of the Denver fanbase to push for him to start in 2011, to see what the kid has when you give him a whole season to work with.  And it looks like the Denver brass was willing to do that and had the Miami trade worked out, that’s where we’d be.
But it didn’t.  Orton is showing once again that he’s a practice field stud, only to disappoint once again when he has to deal with the pressure of the games.  I don’t know if Tebow is going to be the QB of the future, I just know that Orton certainly isn’t, no matter how well he’s practicing.  I know that watching a Tebow-led team lose a close one was a hell of a lot more fun than watching an Orton-led team squeak one out or (much more often) get completely clobbered.  I, for one, am tired of watching Orton, and if he starts the season, you won’t have to wait long for the boo-birds to come out.
