http://profiles.google.com/holyhyrax Holy Hyrax
>It can make the rest of us feel uncomfortable.
It can? How small do you have to be to feel discomfort at someone displaying their religion? (Jew, Muslim, Sikh or whatever)
Anonymous
Does God really want the Home team to beat the Away team? Does God really give special powers to some teams and not to other teams? Does a player’s religious conviction really have an impact on a game?
I hope he’s asking God to help him play the best he can and to keep him and his teammates uninjured, rather than asking God to “make” his team win. Does it have an impact? Probably not, except for perhaps some internal psychic impact in some people.
Anonymous
First of all, thank you for taking the time to post this Rabbi. Great topic!
Is there any difference between the way Tim Tebow publicly expresses his religious convictions (Christian) and Sandy Koufax (Jewish) expressing his?  Sandy refused to play in game one of the World Series, due to Yom Kippur in 1965? I’m sure a lot of fans would have rather he pitched the game and thanked G-d for every strikeout.
I would actually say today’s society is less tolerable of Christianity, more so than any other religion. It has become taboo in most respects to publicly share or express Christian beliefs. To say, Merry Xmas to anyone is now a federal offense. In today’s America, I would argue, we find find ourselves at the other end of the spectrum. A place where it’s acceptable to openly criticize Christianity and it is in no way regarded as off limits.
If a Muslim athlete refuses to take part in the National Anthem prior to sporting events, it is not acceptable to question the motives. I have much more concern over this than I do with TT thanking Jesus for blessing him with uncommon athletic ability.
As a Jew myself, I understand that this country was founded on Christian beliefs and theology. I’m fine with that. This country gave my people a place to go when there was nowhere else to go. Thankfully the founding fathers (I’m sure Christian in belief) were wonderful enough to create a country where all are accepted and viewed as equals. Perhaps we ought to acknowledge this kindness & accept thier beliefs, without question or biased. Hasnt that played a big role in what has made this country great? I thank G-d this is a country of G-d fearing men & women, Christian or otherwise, that came to the rescue of our people in a time of need. These people have stood by us ever since. And they have done so in a lot of primarily because their Christian beliefs.
I guess what I’m trying to say is, I’m pro-Christian. If they refuse to believe man came from monkeys or wish to believe Jesus was born on December 25th and died for thier sins… Fine by me. Feel free have to praise Jesus all you want with every touchdown Timmy T!!!
If anything, Tebow’s a great role model for the youth and we need that right now. He walks the walk and talks the talk… That’s a rare and beautiful quality in this world.
G-d bless Tebow
Generally, it’s a problem with the left, not the overall society. 
http://finkorswim.com E. Fink
Correlation does not equal causation. The right is all religious so why would they object? Not a very convincing argument…
http://profiles.google.com/holyhyrax Holy Hyrax
Rabbi, please, a little common sense & wisdom  and less with the intellectualism. I’m not saying every liberal is anti-christian. I am saying when there is anti-christian sentiment, or offense is taken by anything as subtle as a christmas tree, it tends to be greater from the left. Just like the left tends to be the ones objecting to Judaism in Israel. In any country, leftism tends to rid itself of the shackles of its religion. It’s a competing value system. There is a wonderful book by Eliezer Berkowitz  where in one chapter he discusses the left ridding itself of the “Christian ethos” of sexuality of the 60s. (just as an example that came into my head). 
You want to say the right is all religious? Fine. So then I will say, the left is all secular. Fine? Hence the rift.
http://finkorswim.com E. Fink
All I am saying is that obviously critics of public displays of religion are not going to be from the right because they are all religious! Why would they be offended?
And I am religious and not on the right. So what does that make me?
Find me a secular on the right…
Anonymous
R’ E Fink – All I am saying is that obviously critics of public displays of religion are not going to be from the right because they are all religious!
Are you kidding? If someone put up a public Muslim religious display, you can bet there will be plenty of criticism from the right!
http://finkorswim.com E. Fink
