Get a kick out of this- Tebow vs Tyson Alualu
August 2nd, 2010 | Author: Brandon
So I was checking my email and I got a request of this video from the company who made the video. I thought it was something serious but when I started watching it, it wasn’t but I got a good laugh out of it. Tim Tebow goes heads up with Tyson Alualu. The two guys who made it are both Jacksonville and Tebow fans. Check it out.
Tebow Misses First Day of Workouts for Rookies
July 29th, 2010 | Author: Brandon
Although Kyle Orton can’t wait until Tim Tebow signs with the Broncos, Tebow has yet to do it. “I’ve got these pads on. I need somebody to take them in for me.”, Orton jokes. Without Tim’s signature on the contract, he cannot show up.
Last month Tim said he did not want to miss a single pro practice. Josh McDaniels, Broncos head coach, has noted that Tim has already fallen behind. Let’s hope that Tim’s agent Jimmy Sexton and Broncos general manager Brian Xanders make a move quickly to get Tebow signed.
By: Carlee Guthrie
How much playing time will Tebow get?
July 27th, 2010 | Author: Brandon
One of the biggest questions surrounding Tim Tebow and his NFL career is playing time. Being a rookie let alone working with the star quarterback of the Broncos, Kyle Orton, is enough to make Tim work extra harder.
A hard-hitting decision for the coaching staff is, do they play Tebow and make him the new face of Denver, or, do they use their leading man Kyle Orton. Or, maybe give Brady Quinn a shot at it.
A poll on www.denverpost.com  shows that fans think Orton will have more snaps than Tebow and Quinn. But, Tebow comes in second. Orton, Tebow and Quinn all have an equal chance for the Sunday-starter position. When mini-camp starts on August 1st, the great race for more playing time will truly kick in.
By: Carlee Guthrie
Tebow still not signed with Broncos
July 24th, 2010 | Author: Brandon
Well, training camp for Denver starts in four days and former Florida Gators quarterback Tim Tebow has still not signed with the Broncos.
But Tebow is not the only first round draft pick to not sign yet. There has been only one sign a contract and that is Dez Bryant of the Dallas Cowboys. Bryant recently agreed to a five year deal worth $11.8 million, $8 million of that which is guaranteed.
So basically if Tebow doesn’t sign before training camp starts, he is not going to be allowed on any Broncos facilities. You should report to the beginning of the start of training camp, hopefully he doesn’t wait this out.
It’s not a piece of cake just to make a deal to play professional football. Let’s hope that Tim and his agent can just have a cup of coffee or some Gatorade and work things out because he doesn’t have a whole lot of time and Gator Nation wants to see him out on the field.
Anybody have any feedback on Tebow’s  decision?
Tebow Preparing For 1st Season as a Bronco
July 13th, 2010 | Author: Brandon
Just months after being drafted to the Denver Broncos, Tim Tebow is already hard at work. Despite the criticism that surrounds Tim every day, he is staying focused. Some reporters think that Tim should be used as a red-zone quarterback or maybe in a spread offense situation. But, with the help from Denver’s quarterback coach Ben McDaniels, Tebow’s throwing motion has improved tremendously.
No one knows for sure where Tim will be placed. Only time will tell. Tim says he has had time to bond with the other rookies and really get to know one another. When asked what the biggest adjustment from playing in Gainesville to Denver where the air is thin, Tim responded with a chuckle and said, “I haven’t got extremely used to it yet but, I will condition myself hard to get used to it.”
By: Carlee Guthrie
