by the Avangelism Project
For twenty two straight games, we’ve had to listen to Tim Tebow say that Jesus liked him better than his opponents. Of course, Tim didn’t use those words, but that’s what he said, isn’t it? Thanking Jesus for winning means that he’s the reason you won, but I have a simple question:
Why no Jesus talk when Tebow lost?
I watched the game and it was never really close. I also saw Tebow throw a bad interception that could have been an easy touchdown. That play could have given Florida a gasp of hope; instead, it effectively ended the Gators ’ hope.
Why didn’t Tebow thank Jesus for that? “First I want to thank my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for delivering this loss and preventing me from playing at my normal level of greatness.”
“My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” CLICK HERE FOR MORE PHOTOS Maybe even for a Jesus poster boy like Tebow, it’s just the fact that superstition doesn’t help when life hurts—and for a great player with a competitive fire like Tebow, losing hurts and hurts badly.
Maybe though that hurt is just part of Jesus’ divine plan to use Tebow and Tim hadn’t had chance to hear from the Lord; after all with Christmas season and the SEC championship game going on they were both pretty busy yesterday.
So I’ll offer an explanation.
I noticed that Tebow’s eye black (now part of his carefully crafted Christian image) witnessed John 16:33:
“I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.”
Can you see the Divine Hand there? Do you see the providence in Tebow choosing that verse?
If he’d picked, say, Philippians 4:13 (I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.), it’d make no sense. Aside from the fact I think he already used it, he lost 32-13.
See what Jesus did there?
He led Tim to pick a verse about trouble in this world then sent him some.
Tim is having trouble trouble. He’s lost a game, the SEC championship game at that. Now, instead of playing his Christian brother Colt McCoy to see who is Jesus’ real favorite, Tim is probably going to have to face the disgrace of playing a Big East team in a BCS bowl.
Perhaps, it was all part of God’s divine plan. Now instead of talking about winning, Tim could have given a real witness about true comfort and true Christian meaning.
Of course, Tim didn’t do that. He was too busy crying and lamenting playing in something other than the national championship game.
For that game, maybe he should go with Matthew 27:46, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?”
