December 18, 2011 By Jerod Morris 130 Comments
I’m sure Brandon will be around later to provide a recap of this week’s SNL, like he did last week, but I figured I’d kick off the festivities with the skit that many will be talking about and watching today.
Naturally, it involves Tim Tebow.
Watch the video below so you can form your own opinion, then I’ll break down my thoughts.
 
Tim Tebow SNL Skit
Frankly, I wasn’t a big fan, because for some reason I continue to expect more from SNL despite continued evidence in recent years that they are not capable of it anymore on a consistent basis.
Though some may have a general problem with the basic idea of the skit itself from a religious standpoint – especially having Jason Sudeikis portray a sarcastic, sports-loving Jesus – I take no issue with that aspect of it. As far as I’m concerned, anything and everything is fair game for humor or satire. I actually think that, when done right, ironic representations of religious or historical figures can be funny and even illustrative…but they need to be well done, and this one really wasn’t.
Sudeikis did what Sudekis does, and he did have a few clever lines. I think my biggest issue with the skit is the portrayal of Tebow, who Taran Killam portrays as basically a buffoon who acts around Jesus like a prepubescent girl might around Justin Beiber. I get that Tebow is very forthright with his religion, and I’ve read many an account of him “behind the scenes” that describes him as somewhat goofy and giggly, but he is also a well-rounded, composed young man who is far more deserving of respect and admiration than mockery or criticism. Even in a four minute skit there is ample time to give me a more 3-dimensional portrayal of Tebow than just a praying, cheesy-smiling, all-up-in-Jesus’ face caricature.
(That said, I did think the funniest line was when “Tebow” gets in “Jesus’” face and Sudeikis looks at him and says, “Leave a little room for the Holy Ghost.”)
Moreso than a rather flat and unimaginative portrayal of Tebow, I just thought the jokes themselves were a little flat. That’s really the most disappointing thing of all. I don’t know why, but I continue to give the show the benefit of the doubt and always think that this time it will be funny again. With a few exceptions, I continue to be disappointed.
Update: Thanks to friend of MSF @RevaFriedel for pointing out how awesome the Brady/Belichick jokes were. She’s right. Also, this sketch from last night – Christmas duets with Michael Buble – is very well done. Hang around for the end when the great Jay Pharoah makes an appearance as Kanye West.
However, I will grant that because we have published so much content about Tebow over the last month, I’ve probably read every point about him and seen every joke and criticism that it’s all starting to fall a bit flat. For non-sports fans who just know of “Tebow Mania” perhaps this all felt fresh. I’ll have to wait for someone with that perspective to comment, but I fully acknowledge that part of my reasoning for not really enjoying this skit is that it’s all been done/said before.
Also, I’m beginning to think that random, unexpected shots of Andy Samberg are a guaranteed way to make me laugh. When it cuts to Samberg as Matt Prater after “Jesus” gives him credit for the Broncos’ wins, I couldn’t help it. And then I was disappointed when he didn’t pick up his helmet and throw it on the ground.
What did you think of the skit? Comment below.
