Has Denver Broncos QB Tim Tebow silenced his critics yet?
November 14, 2011   ·   2 Comments
By Eric Schmidt
Back from obscurity, the Denver Broncos find themselves just one game out of the division lead in the AFC West. Has second-year QB Tim Tebow done enough yet to silence his critics? Tebow has guided the Denver Broncos to three wins in their last four games.
Since October 23rd, Tebow has three wins while New England Patriots QB Tom Brady and Philadelphia Eagles QB Michael Vick have two wins combined. The Broncos have converted to a read-option offense which has racked up 543 yards on the ground. This option style offense is successful right now, but teams around the league will eventually find a way to shut down this attack.
Head coach John Fox has basically thrown out the offense and tailored the Broncos’ scheme to fit the limitations of Tim Tebow. Tebow only attempted eight passes against the Kansas City Chiefs, completing two. This style of offense isn’t going to continue to win games in the NFL.
The Broncos will face a tough test this Thursday night against the New York Jets.
Personally, I don’t think Tim Tebow has done enough yet to silence his critics around the league, but the Broncos could be facing quite a dilemma at the end of the season. What happens if the Broncos finish the season 7-9 or 8-8? Do the Broncos head into the 2012 season with Tim Tebow as their quarterback?
Do you really want to start out the 2012 season with a quarterback that struggles to throw for 150 yards a game and is running a read-option offense? Tebow is the only quarterback on the Broncos roster under contract next season.
I think the Broncos have put themselves in a no-win situation for next season. If the Broncos win seven or eight games this season, Tebow supporters will point to the record and say that he should have been starting the entire season. If the Broncos stumble and only win five or six games, Tebow supporters will say he just needs more time.
It’s in interesting experiment the Broncos are undertaking with this read-option offense but it’s a gimmick like the Wildcat offense the Miami Dolphins ran a few seasons ago. NFL defensive coordinators eventually find a way to shut these gimmicks down and you will have to eventually push the ball down the field through the air.
Denver had better find a way to get more production out of Tebow through the air if they are going to commit to having him under center in 2012.
 
