PHOTOS: 10 Broadcast and Cable TV Show Most Watched By Men
"Giants fan but wow. #Tebow Thats what the fuck a champion looks like," wrote Lady Gaga to her nearly 18 million followers.
Sports radio host Jim Rome tweeted, "Tim Tebow was trying to prove he was better than Brady Quinn. Now he's John Elway. He was playing 4 his job. Now he's a legend." Meanwhile, Friday Night Lights actor Scott Porter posted a photo of himself "Tebowing," donning a shirt that reads: "Keep Calm and Tebow On."
PHOTOS: Super Bowl's Most Iconic Commercials
Tebow has been a source of significant controversy in the sports world since replacing Kyle Orton as the Broncos' starting quarterback earlier this season. His outspoken views on Christianity has polarized NFL fans and even made him a fixture in the GOP campaigns of Michele Bachmann and Rick Perry .
"At this point, Tim Tebow might as well try and win the republican primary," joked former Eagles free agent Jerrod Johnson, who currently serves as QB for the Arizona Rattlers arena football team.
According to Trendistic , which tracks Twitter trends, the terms "Tebow" "Broncos" and "Win" all became trending topics on the social networking site in the late hours of the game. At 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT, "Tebow" was found in 6.46% of all tweets.
STORY: Tim Tebow Effect: How a Phenom Cashes In
One pundit who did not weigh in on the surprise victory was Bill Maher, who made headlines over the holidays for tweeting "Wow, Jesus just fucked #TimTebow bad! And on Xmas Eve! Somewhoere in hell Satan is tabooing, saying to Hitler 'Hey, Buffalo's killing them." The comment came following a surprising loss to the widely panned Buffalo Bills.
Read below to find a sampling of additional Tebow related comments.
NFL Commentator Michael Strahan:
Wow!! Denver and Tebow Time!!
WOWWWWW!!! Are u kidding me?? Congrats to the Broncos!! Great play call
NFL Commentator Warren Sapp:
#OverTebowTime
Comedian Jim Norton:
The story: GOD AND TIM TEBOW WIN AGAIN! What the story should be: GOD AND THE BRONCOS DEFENSE BLEW A 2 TOUCHDOWN LEAD.
ESPN:
The state of Colorado just converted its time zone from Mountain Time to Tebow Time.
American Idol Winner Scotty McCreery:
real happy for Tim Tebow! Not a bronco fan, but a Tebow fan. Anybody that doesn't like him apparently just doesn't like winners..
Writer Richard Lawson:
Starting March 2012, the role of Mother Superior in the Sister Act musical will be played by Tim Tebow's left ball.
Actor David Krumholtz:
