Tim Tebow helps open Lake Mary sports training facility
By Alexandria Baca Orlando Sentinel
Despite an NFL career that has taken him to Denver and now New York, Floridians still love former Gators quarterback Tim Tebow.
An estimated 300 people attended a special afternoon training session Sunday with Tebow to mark the opening of D1 Sports Training and Therapy’s Lake Mary facility.
The company, which has 15 other locations primarily in the Southeast, is known for partnering with local sports-medicine groups and boasting celebrity co-owners, such as newDenver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning and professional soccer player Heather Mitts.
Tebow and Atlanta Braves third baseman Chipper Jones are co-owners of the 20,000-square-foot Lake Mary location, alongside Orlando Orthopedic Center. Tebow also is a co-owner of the Savannah, Ga., and Tampa locations. Inside the former Florida Business Interiors building, weight machines line the downstairs workout area next to an Astroturf field with overhead fans 40 feet in diameter.
Sports Specific Training Group, a separate sports-medicine rehabilitation group, has set up an office inside the D1 facility for in-house therapy, and Matt Toy, D1′s vice president of corporate marketing, said D1 hopes to attract other vendors.
D1 President and CEO Will Bartholemew founded the company in 2002 and said he choose to open a facility in Orlando after the success of D1 Tampa, which opened earlier this year. D1 Orlando (Lake Mary), originally scheduled to open Monday, will open within the next month with a staff of eight, Toy said. The facility is at 940 Williston Park Place in Lake Mary.
“We look for a market that has great athletes, and we look for people that are training hard and that keep healthy lifestyles, and I think there’s no question that Orlando is that kind of market,” Toy said.
Shaun Moore, who already has experienced a few advance sessions with the D1 staff, said he started thinking about training with D1 after becoming a father about three months ago. “I want to get in shape for [my son] so when he’s a little older, you know, I’m the one teaching him to play baseball. I’m the one teaching him to run and play football,” Moore said.
Moore said he had tried going to the gym but felt intimidated by the atmosphere. “There’s all these dudes working out, and you don’t really know where to go and what to do … and you leave without really getting any kind of workout done.”
Everyone at D1 trains in small groups coached by professional staff. There are no individual workouts performed like at many fitness gyms.
“We train athletes, and for us that means anyone from seven years old to 70 years old. But we’re also training people that are just trying to get fit and healthy,” Toy said.
Tebow, who trained at D1 Nashville prior to the NFL Combine and continues to train at D1 facilities in the NFL off-season, said the training is about more than just getting bigger, faster and stronger.
Talking about the young athletes who train at D1, Tebow said, “Whether they make itin their sport or they don’t, whether it’s just about losing weight or not, they can still learn character and strength and honor because those are things that we’re preaching here.”
Although the company has no spiritual component as part of its business plan, it does emphasize sportsmanship and the idea that anyone can be an athlete whether or not they are headed for the pros.
Lake Mary Mayor David Mealor attended the event Sunday with his daughter Stephanie Black and said he likes that D1 emphasizes character, and he thinks that’s what Tebow symbolizes. He said he hopes the new training facility will add to Lake Mary as a great destination for visitors.
D1 Sports Training classes start at 0 per month, Bartholemew said.
Broncos negotiating deals with three players
Rookie quarterback Brock Osweiler (6) sets to throw a pass during the Denver Broncos NFL football rookie minicamp at the team's training facility in Englewood, Colo., on Friday, May 11, 2012. Running back Ronnie Hillman (34) looks on at right. (AP Photo/Ed Andrieski)
With training camp less than a month away, the Denver Broncos still have several contracts to get done.
The team has .87 million in cap space, according to PFT , and three players remain un-signed.  Disgruntled kicker Matt Prater, rookie quarterback Brock Osweiler and running back Ronnie Hillman are negotiating multiple-year deals with the club.
Prater is seeking a five-year deal worth more than  million annually.  The league’s highest paid kicker, Oakland’s Sebastian Janikowski, makes  million a season.
Last week, reports surfaced that the Broncos and Prater were “ not far apart ” in contract negotiations.  The reality of the situation is that Prater is willing to — and may — holdout into training camp, which opens on July 26th.
The team and Prater reportedly are talking, which is a good sign.  Eventually, a deal should get done.
In the meantime, the team has kicked the tires of running back LaDainian Tomlinson and are working on a four-year deal with another running back, Ronnie Hillman.  According to ESPN, Hillman and the Broncos have had “ back and forth ” talks on the 25% rookie salary max increase rules.  To the best of my knowledge, the league’s CBA limits rookie salary increases to 25%, but agents find loopholes in the system by putting easily attainable performance incentives that increase his clients salary without breaking the 25% max increase rule.
For example, Hillman’s agent, Eugene Parker, may be trying to jack up his clients contract with salary advances, performance escalators, workout bonuses and roster bonuses, with little guaranteed money, but opportunity for Hillman’s salary to increase.  The Broncos have been “ getting tough ” in contract negotiations and fleeced Nate Irving on his rookie deal last year, with the third round linebacker earning 5,000 instead of the 2,188 which he could have earned under rookie salary rules.
Parker, Hillman’s agent, is probably trying to prevent his client from receiving a similar deal.  In the end, Hillman will probably receive a deal worth around  million with a signing bonus worth around 0,000.
Hillman’s rookie teammate, Brock Osweiler, is likely hoping to receive deal better than the .04 million contract Mikel Leshoure signed with Detroit last year.  After buying an entire Bed Bath and Beyond store, Osweiler could use the extra cash.
Because he is a quarterback, Osweiler’s signing bonus will likely be more than doubled that of Hillman’s, possibly surpassing 0,000 with over .5 million in guarantees.  Unlike Prater, however, Osweiler and Hillman will have no reason to holdout during training camp and may even be signed before then.
Before the season starts, all three players will likely be under contract.  The season is 77 days, 22 hours, 20 minutes, 38 seconds and 971 milliseconds away, though.  And counting down the milliseconds can make things seem so far away.  Is it August yet?
