Related Photos
Jets Football
New York Jets quarterback Tim Tebow stands on the field during team practice in Florham Park, N.J., Monday June 12, 2012. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)     ...
Jets Football
New York Jets quarterbacks Mark Sanchez, left, and Tim Tebow throw during team practice in Florham Park, N.J., Monday June 12, 2012. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)     ...
Jets Football
New York Jets quarterbacks coach Matt Cavanaugh, right, watches as Mark Sanchez, left, and Tim Tebow throw during NFL football practice in Florham Park, N.J., Tuesday, June...
Jets Football
New York Jets quarterbacks G.J. Kinne, left, and Tim Tebow run on the field during team practice in Florham Park, N.J., Monday June 12, 2012. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)     ...
Jets Workout Football
New York Jets quarterback Tim Tebow, left, talks to defensive back Eric Smith during NFL football practice, Thursday, June 7, 2012, in Florham Park, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio...
Jets Workout Football
New York Jets quarterback Tim Tebow, center, runs with teammates during special teams workout at NFL football practice, Thursday, June 7, 2012, in Florham Park, N.J. (AP...
Jets Workout Football
New York Jets quarterback Tim Tebow throws during NFL football practice, Thursday, June 7, 2012, in Florham Park, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)     ...
Jets Workout Football
New York Jets quarterback Tim Tebow, second from left, works out with the quarterbacks during NFL football practice, Thursday, June 7, 2012, in Florham Park, N.J. (AP...
Samsung Hope for Children
This June 4, 2012 photo released by Starpix shows New York Jets football player Tim Tebow at the Samsung Hope for Children 11th Annual Gala at the Museum of Natural History in...
Jets Football
New York Jets quarterback Tim Tebow works on place holding the football for kickers during NFL football practice, Thursday, May 31, 2012, in Florham Park, N.J. (AP Photo/...
Local Coverage
LT considered playing with Peyton Manning and the Broncos
June 24, 2012 | KUSA-TV -
'... I said,' They got Peyton, they have a good defense already; they went deep in the playoffs with Tim Tebow, what are they going to do with Peyton?'' Tomlinson said....
Tim Tebow wins Good Guy award
June 19, 2012 | KUSA-TV -
The quarterback for Denver last season and now with the New York Jets won the honor presented by the PFWA for his qualities and professional style in helping pro football writers...
Sanchez sharp, Tebow tosses 2 INTs in Jets' OTAs
May 24, 2012 | KUSA-TV -
And it's been that way for more than three years now, long before Tim Tebow ... '' Whether we have Matt Simms or (G.J.) Kinne or (Greg) McElroy, or it happens to be Tim Tebow ... '' I can tell you one guy that's not afraid of it, and that's Tim Tebow ...
PHOTOS: Tim Tebow practices as a New York Jet
May 24, 2012 | KUSA-TV -
NEW YORK - Cameras were allowed in to watch New York Jets Quarterback Tim Tebow practice today. All Photos Courtesy US Presswire.     ...
' Tebowing' will be featured in' Madden NFL 13'
May 21, 2012 | KUSA-TV -
Tim Tebow kneels on the sideline after... That's right, the famous pose of genuflection struck by quarterback Tim Tebow after he scored a touchdown for the Denver Broncos last...
From our news network
Legends Clinics: Thomas has high hopes
June 26, 2012 | Argus Leader
Peyton Manning's arrival in Denver in March and Tim Tebow's subsequent exodus gave a jolt to the Broncos' offseason, to say the least.     ...
Camp helps young players find' The Way' in sports, life
June 26, 2012 | Chillicothe Gazette
'' Players like Josh Hamilton and Tim Tebow have long incorporated religion into athletics at the highest level. The idea behind Petzel's camp is about teaching these values at...
College football: Top 10 issues for the SEC season
June 24, 2012 | montgomeryadvertiser.com
Tim Tebow (2007) was followed by Mark Ingram in 2009 and Cam Newton in 2010. Two of the five finalists were SEC stars last year, but Baylor' -- s Robert Griffin III took home...
Tim Tebow Articles
