Tim Tebow -- Photo Courtesy of Jockey International Inc
Denver Bronco Quarterback
Tim Tebow
March 5, 2012
Born in the Philippines to parents on a Christian missionary trip, Tim was considered a miracle baby after surviving a pathological amoeba infection that his mother suffered while pregnant with him. Nearly every doctor recommended abortion, but Pam and Bob chose life.
Tebow was homeschooled by his mother all his life and was no stranger to early success in football. By age 12, Tim could already throw a 50 yard pass from his knees! Raised in Jacksonville, Florida for most of his childhood, Tebow played a season with a Christian High School and eventually ended up starting for Nease High School in Ponte Vedra Beach. His speed and power as a rushing quarterback rendered him unstoppable. After careful consideration and much deliberation, he decided to play college football for the team he felt best suited his skills and style of play. Tebow chose to play for coach Urban Meyer and the Florida Gators, who employed a similar “spread option” offense that he excelled in at Nease High School.
Tim was arguably one of the best college quarterbacks of his time winning two NCAA National Football Championships, and winning the Heisman, Maxwell (twice), James E. Sullivan, and Davey O’Brien awards. He was a first round NFL draft pick in 2010 and is in his second season with the Denver Broncos.
Despite his love for the game of football, it remains third on his priority list in life, behind his relationship with Jesus Christ, and his family.
 
Annual Spring Banquet
The annual Spring Banquet and auction is the premier fund raising event for the Big Sky Youth Education Foundation.
Our organization is a non-profit corporation dedicated solely to raising funds for specific initiatives designed to enhance the academic experience of those attending Rimview Christian School and Rimrock Christian High School.
 
2002 Dave Dravecky  (former professional pitcher and cancer survivor)
2003 A.C. Green  (former NBA player)
2004 Kurt Warner  (NFL QB & Superbowl Champion)
2005  Lt. Col. Oliver North
2006  Michael Reagan  (radio commentator & son of President Ronald Reagan)
2007  Andy Andrews  (inspirational speaker & comedian)
2008  Mike Huckabee
2009  Michael Franzese (former mob boss)
2010  Coach Bobby Bowden  (former coach for FSU & second winningest football coach in college)
2011  Frank Reich (former NFL QB & currently the QB coach for Payton Manning)
 
