Jets Planning for Minicamps, Both Formal and Informal
By ZACH SCHONBRUN
With their voluntary workouts over, the Jets are looking to minicamp — and to the Mark Sanchez-inspired Jets West, which Tim Tebow has committed to attending.
June 07, 2012, Thursday
Shonn Greene of Jets Expects More Carries Despite Tim Tebow’s Presence
By BEN SHPIGEL
Shonn Greene, who had his first 1,000-yard rushing season for the Jets last year, is going to get the ball “a bunch,” according to Coach Rex Ryan.
May 31, 2012, Thursday
Tim Tebow Is Less Smooth Than Mark Sanchez in Jets Practice
By BEN SHPIGEL
On the third day of the Jets’ organized team activities, Mark Sanchez looked accurate, while Tim Tebow threw two interceptions and worked out with the punt team.
May 24, 2012, Thursday
Tim Tebow Draws Crowd as Jets Open Locker Room
By ZACH SCHONBRUN
As the Jets opened their practice center to the news media Thursday, much of the huddling was done around the locker of a new arrival, Tim Tebow.
May 11, 2012, Friday
Fashion Gala at Metropolitan Museum Compares Schiaparelli and Prada
By ERIC WILSON
The gala, held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute, compared Elsa Schiaparelli and Miuccia Prada, whose work is separated by a half-century.
May 07, 2012, Monday
Reebok Ordered to Recall Tim Tebow Jets Jerseys
By KEN BELSON
A federal judge ordered Reebok to buy back all the jerseys it made after Tebow was traded to the Jets from Denver last month.
April 11, 2012, Wednesday
Tebow Draws Thousands to an Easter Service in Texas
By KATE ALEXANDER
Tim Tebow fans embraced the opportunity to don their new Jets finery and celebrate Easter with him at an outdoor service that drew thousands of worshipers Sunday in Georgetown, Tex.
April 09, 2012, Monday
Backup to Starter to Phenomenon. Repeat.
By SAM BORDEN
JACKSONVILLE BEACH, Fla. --  The sometimes surreal, always entertaining movie that is Tim Tebow's life played most famously in Gainesville, Fla., and Denver before opening in New York last week. As always, Tebow's arrival prompted an immediate and frenzied curiosity, and it did not take long for the typical questions to percolate:      Will he really be content as a backup? How will the Jets use him? And how can a backup quarterback be this popular?
March 31, 2012, Saturday
Mania for Tim Tebow Rooted in Big Moments
By SAM BORDEN
The immense interest in Tim Tebow started when he was a home-schooled student who helped turned around his high school football team.
March 30, 2012, Friday
A Victory for Pat Summitt, Even in Defeat
By LYNN ZINSER
The Baylor-Tennessee game in the N.C.A.A. women’s basketball tournament showcased the sport Volunteers Coach Pat Summitt helped build.
March 27, 2012, Tuesday
Tebow Professes His Evangelical Faith Carefully
By JOHN BRANCH and MARY PILON
He has more followers than most preachers, but unlike so many of them, Tim Tebow shows little interest in using his pulpit to take controversial stances.
March 27, 2012, Tuesday
March Madness: A Continent Apart, Two Quarterbacks Vow They Will Work Together
By BEN SHPIGEL
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- Missing from the spectacle at Jets headquarters Monday was a Goodyear blimp circling overhead, transmitting panoramic images of this woodsy suburban pocket that was overtaken by something no organization had ever done. The wide-angle views could have captured the scope -- lines of cars at the security booth seeking entry; drive-through credential stations; satellite truck after satellite truck, a dozen in all -- without intruding into the event itself.     And it was an ev...
March 27, 2012, Tuesday
Jets’ Tebow Could Push Sanchez Forward, or Out of Lineup
By HARVEY ARATON
Tim Tebow could drive Jets starting quarterback Mark Sanchez to get better, or to get out. Either way, Monday’s news conference showcased Tebow’s talent for deflecting controversy.
March 26, 2012, Monday
Tebow and Sanchez Vow to Work Together
By BEN SHPIGEL
Tim Tebow and Mark Sanchez expressed enthusiasm for working with one another and a willingness to sacrifice for the betterment of the team.
March 26, 2012, Monday
Tebow Gives Left-Handers Someone to Cheer
By LYNN ZINSER
Tim Tebow is seen by many groups as the athletic face of their cause, but he could also be a champion for lefties.
March 26, 2012, Monday
