January 8, 2012 By Steve Kubitza 1 Comment
On all of the playoff preview shows, it was a unanimous decision in favor of the Steelers to defeat Denver. The Broncos were given no chance to win, and the Steelers were presumed to be favorites to compete for the Super Bowl.
Tim Tebow, John Fox, Demaryius Thomas, and the Broncos had other ideas.
Image credit: Washington Post
The Super Bowl run ended for the Steelers on Sunday night, and it will be heard that Tim Tebow won the game. But before I give the rundown on Tebow’s best game of his career, credit must be given to Denver’s defense.
With 1:37 left in the game, the Steelers got the ball with the score tied at 23. They got the ball to the Denver 45-yard line and only needed about seven or eight yards to attempt a game-winning field goal. This is when the Broncos’ defense made their stand.
On first down at the Denver 45, Elvis Dumervil forced a Ben Roethlisberger fumble, which was recovered by Pittsburgh, but it was a loss of eleven yards. This pushed Pittsburgh out of field goal range, and they were unable to get back in range before the end of regulation. This allowed the game to go to overtime, where the defense was not needed.
Tim Tebow is a different kind of NFL quarterback. He is constantly picked apart by analysts who criticize his style of play. But the constant rebuttal to the criticism has been his ability to win games.
Instead of simply using a win to prove his critics wrong, Tebow also had the stats to prove it against the Steelers. He only completed 10 passes in 21 attempts, but he had 316 yards. The basic math shows that he had 31.6 yards per completion! The number of passing yards, 316, also is creating quite a buzz in the world of social media. No longer is it John 3:16, but instead #Tebow 316 .
Of Tebow’s ten completions, four went to Demaryius Thomas. The amazing fact about those four completions is that they went for 204 yards, and one miraculous touchdown.
That miraculous touchdown came on the first play of overtime, when most were still pondering the new NFL overtime rules. Those new rules did not come into effect as the game was over in only one play. The Broncos continued their aggressive play on offense, and Tebow hit Thomas on a crossing route across the middle. The Steelers were clearly expecting a run, as there were no safeties back. Thomas gave Ike Taylor a vicious stiff-arm and faced no more resistance en route to the game-winning 80 yard touchdown.
I know the Tebow haters/Steelers fans will reference the fact that the Broncos were aided by all of the Steelers injuries. Missing Ryan Clark, Maurkice Pouncey, Rashard Mendenhall, Casey Hampton, Brett Keisel certainly had an impact on the game. A hobbled Ben Roethlisberger had an impact as well, but injuries are part of the game.
The fact is, the Broncos won on a play that will be replayed for years to come, and they are now heading to New England to take on the top seeded Patriots. All predictions will likely have the Patriots beating the Broncos, as they did in Week 15 by the score of 41-23. However, the Broncos do not seem to regard unanimous decisions against them.
If the Broncos were able to defy presumed logic and defeat the Steelers, why can’t they come out and do the same thing next Saturday night in New England? It will not be an easy task, but with Tebow throwing the way he did today, and the defense playing as strong as they did today, a Broncos win does not seem that unbelievable.
