Posted: Tuesday November 29, 2011 12:14PM ;  Updated: Tuesday November 29, 2011 12:44PM
Kerry J. Byrne>COLD HARD FOOTBALL FACTS
Tebow's success due to production and protection, not magic
Story Highlights
Despite criticisms, Tim Tebow has outplayed almost every QB he's faced
Tebow's ability to limit turnovers has been a crucial element in his success
Tebow has produced TDs on 6% of his touches, better than some elite QBs
Tim Tebow may not be the NFL's best passer, but he's finding other ways to be successful.
Louis Lopez/Cal Sport Media
The Cold, Hard Football Facts are not just drinking the Tim Tebow Kool-Aid. We're mixing up big batches, grabbing innocent football fans off the street and pumping tubes of it down their throats -- much like French farmers force-feed geese to fatten the bird's liver and make tasty foie gras.
OK, that's overstating the case a bit. Foie gras is not so tasty.
But the Cold, Hard Football Fact of the matter is that there is a fundamentally solid statistical foundation beneath the success of the Denver Broncos with Tebow at quarterback.
Put most simply, Tebow consistently outplays the other team's quarterback, often by wide margins. This superior play is the No. 1 reason for Denver's sudden success -- now 5-1 with Tebow at QB this year after a dismal 1-4 start. But these superior performances seem lost on even the most knowledgeable football minds, like that of Broncos executive and Hall of Fame quarterback John Elway, for example.
Elway was asked last week on Denver sports radio 102.3 The Ticket if the Broncos were "any closer" to having its proverbial QB of the future on the field. He replied with a blunt "no" and added later, "we gotta get better in the passing game."
Tebow's career completion percentage of 47.1 in the NFL is well below modern standards. But completion percentage is only one small part of the story and not a very meaningful one at that.
So Elway and most observers seem to treat Tebow like a circus freak, a statistically deformed football curiosity who wins games in spite of his own feeble ability to pass the football.
You can win one or maybe two games in the NFL with some kind of fluky effort at QB. But the statistical length and breadth of NFL history shows that teams that win consistently do the same things well over and over -- and those same things begin and end with the quarterback position.
And the Broncos are no exception.
Superior All-Around Production At QB
There's no doubt that Tebow's passing accuracy has been spotty at times. At the end of the day, though, he has consistently outplayed the other team's quarterbacks. The problem is that most analysts are limited in their ability to analyze and compare quarterbacks with anything more concrete than the old eye test. Or they look at stats that simply do not matter at the end of the day, such as passing yards, and can't figure out how Tebow is winning games.
Smarter analysts might know to look at critical measures of passing success, such as yards per attempt or passer rating -- indicators that traditionally have a very high correlation to victory. But even those indicators fail to tell the whole story of Tim Tebow.
Enter Cold, Hard Football Facts.com's Real Quarterback Rating, which we introduced over the summer and which has quickly proven itself the most important indicator in football outside of final score.
CHFF Real Quarterback Rating measures all aspects of quarterback play, passing, rushing, sacks, fumbles, etc., and spits it out in a number substantially similar to passer rating and that uses the same formula as passer rating. (Passer rating, while extraordinarily useful in its own right, measures only passing and nothing else -- even if many fans and analysts erroneously refer to it as "quarterback rating.")
Our introduction of Real QB Rating this year has proven fortuitous. After all, it provides a perfect way to compare Tebow to opposing passers. (Get a full explanation of Real Quarterback Rating in the footnotes below.)
Here's how Tebow stacks up against each opposing quarterback this year in traditional passer rating and in Real Quarterback Rating.
Week 7 -- Denver 18, Miami 15
Matt Moore: 92.6 passer rating; 69.6 Real QB Rating
Tim Tebow: 91.7 passer rating; 80.5 Real QB Rating
Real QB Rating advantage: Tebow (+10.9)
Week 8 -- Detroit 45, Denver 10
Matt Stafford-Shaun Hill: 126.0 passer rating; 118.2 Real QB Rating
Tim Tebow: 56.8 passer rating; 48.2 Real QB Rating
Real QB Rating advantage: Stafford (+70.0)
Week 9 -- Denver 38, Oakland 24
Carson Palmer: 79.7 passer rating; 69.4 Real QB Rating
Tim Tebow: 98.1 passer rating; 108.2 Real QB Rating
Real QB Rating advantage: Tebow (+38.8)
Week 10 -- Denver 17, Kansas City 10
Matt Cassel-Tyler Palko: 73.2 passer rating; 67.9 Real QB Rating
Tim Tebow: 102.6 passer rating; 122.7 Real QB Rating
Real QB Rating advantage: Tebow (+54.8)
Week 11 -- Denver 17, N.Y. Jets 13
Mark Sanchez: 67.9 passer rating; 62.2 Real QB Rating
Tim Tebow: 61.3 passer rating; 87.1 Real QB Rating
Real QB Rating advantage: Tebow (+24.9)
Week 12 -- Denver 16, San Diego 13
Philip Rivers: 77.1 passer rating, 68.8 Real QB Rating
Tim Tebow: 95.4 pass rating, 94.4 Real QB Rating
Real QB Rating advantage: Tebow (+25.6)
In other words, Tebow is no statistical circus freak winning in spite of himself. Tebow's Broncos are winning because he consistently outperforms the opposing quarterback when you take into account all aspects of production: passing, running, sacks, total touchdowns, interceptions and fumbles. In fact, he consistently outperforms them by a wide margin.
Denver is 5-0 when Tebow produces a higher Real QB Rating than the opposing quarterback and 0-1 when the other team has the advantage. And those results are no coincidence.
After all, it turns out that no stat in football outside final score -- indeed, maybe no stat in North American sports, period -- is more important than Real QB Rating this season when it comes time to separate winners and losers.
At Cold, Hard Football Facts.com Insider , for example, we track the Correlation to Victory of Real Quarterback Rating, all of our "Quality Stats" and many other indicators: we tell you often teams win games when they win each statistical battle. Real QB Rating is easily the most important indicator in football.
Here's the Correlation to Victory of several notable indicators through Week 12 of the 2011 season.
Real QB Rating -- 156-20 (.886)
Passer rating -- 135-41 (.767)
Real Passing YPA (which includes sacks) -- 124-52 (.705)
Passing YPA -- 121-55 (.688)
Rush YPA -- 89-87 (.506)
Passing yards -- 80-96 (.455)
The numbers are extraordinarily telling: gaudy passing days do not help you win football games and a more prolific day pounding out yards on the ground is only slightly more important. Instead, more effective all-around play at quarterback wins football games -- regardless of how many yards a quarterback produces through the air. And right now, Tebow gives Denver more effective all-around play at quarterback almost every week.
Can Tebow do it over the long haul? Can he consistently pad his stats and performances by running the football like a college quarterback?
Probably not. Sooner or later he'll have to pass the ball better, like Elway said. But that doesn't change the fact that, right now, Denver's 5-1 record is easy to explain: Tebow is consistently better and more productive than the other team's quarterback.
Tebow's Quietly Historic Production
There are two underlying reasons why Tebow is so effective, two reasons that explain his impressive Real Quarterback Rating week after week.
1. He gets the ball in the end zone more often than any QB in football today
2. He protects the football better than any QB in football today
The Broncos clearly have not scored a lot of points with Tebow at quarterback. In fact, Denver has averaged just 19.3 points per game in Tebow's six starts and has scored 18 points or fewer in five of those games. And clearly, the defense has improved dramatically in recent weeks, either purely as coincidence or as a by-product of the fact that Tebow has helped the team improve in all areas by protecting the football.
But Tebow himself has been deadly with the ball in his hands. He produces touchdowns at an amazing clip, better than any quarterback in football in his brief career. Here's a comparison of Tebow vs. some of the more prolific quarterbacks in recent history.
Career percentage of touches that result in a TD:
Tim Tebow -- 6.0 percent
