By Apprising Ministries special correspondent Justin Edwards of airō
Denver Bronco’s quarterback Tim Tebow has been in the news a whole lot lately.
Since I don’t follow the NFL very much anymore, the only thing I really know about him is what I pick up in various news stories, whether they are condemning Tebow for so actively and publicly sharing his faith, or giving him praise for it.
There has been a story or two where I have given a fist pump of joy for Tebow’s courage, but mostly I have been hesitant to fully support him because I don’t really know much about him.  This is nothing against Tebow, I just try to be careful in choosing celebrity Christians to endorse or promote.
This post is not about Tim Tebow’s salvation or to tear him down.  In fact, I hope it will serve as an exhortation to him should he read this, and for you as the reader to examine whether the message you preach is a biblical one (Acts 17:11).  From what I can tell, Tebow seems to have a deep and unapologetic love for Jesus and a heart to share Christ with the lost, no matter what that might cost him.  It appears Tebow has indeed counted the cost, and is very much living by Matthew 5:10,
Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness’ sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
So, this post is not about Tebow’s heart, but it is about his message.  What I would like to share is a message Tim Tebow preached to a group of prisoners at the Lake City Correctional Facility while still a quarterback at the University of Florida .  Based on the content of the message, it seems it may be from around 2009-2010.  What you will witness is the following:
Tim inviting the audience to ask Jesus into their heart (not in the Bible)
Decisional regeneration (not in the Bible)
An altar call (not in the Bible)
Tim leading inmates in a sinners prayer (not in the Bible)
Proclaiming salvation over those who recited the prayer and a hearty “welcome to the family of God” (not in the Bible)
To say the least, this is very disappointing.  What’s more, the message did not contain anything about the holiness of God, the depravity of sinners, the justice and wrath of God, nor was there a call to repentance .  Granted, the video looks like it was edited to some extent so it’s possible these portions were cut out, however, the above bullet points are consistent with a message that lacks these crucial elements of a pure Gospel presentation.
I post this message as an exhortation in what not to do.  There is nothing biblical whatsoever about any of Tim Tebow’s methodology in the above points.  In fact, Tebow’s presentation epitomizes the watered-down, repentant-less gospel message so prevalent today. I do not say this to shame Tebow, but to point out our message must be conformed to the Word of God, not man-made traditions.
Perhaps Tim Tebow has matured in the last couple of years and is now preaching a biblical Gospel.  I am certainly willing to acknowledge that, and I hope it is the case.  But if Tebow is still preaching what you will witness in the video below, then Tim is not preaching a pure biblical Gospel and he is relying on man-centered methodology to “win converts”.  Sadly, this methodology produces many false converts as realized in the modern American church.
So what are your thoughts about this? Do you have a link or video showing Tebow has indeed matured in the faith to preach an unadulterated Gospel?  Please share in the comment section below.
Also, I will be sharing this link with Tim Tebow in hopes he would examine the message he is preaching.  Below Tebow’s prison message, you will find a few links and videos related to the dangers of the modern message as well as resources proclaiming the pure Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.
May we all be faithful to defend and declare this Gospel, which is the power of God unto salvation for all who believe (Romans 1:16).
The original appears complete with a comments section here .
See also:
