Tim Tebow “Tebowing” »
Tim Tebow Quotes
“I’m going to love wherever I go. I’m going to prove those people wrong (who didn’t draft me). I can’t wait to face you.”
“When you die, there’s going to be a tombstone. It’s going to have your name, it’s going to have the year you were born, and it’s going to have the day you died. In between, there’s going to be a dash. And that dash is going to represent everything that you did in your life; good and bad. It’s how you’re remembered. What do you want your dash to represent?”
“You just try to be nice to everybody and treat them all the same. Treat them how you would want to be treated.”
“I am extremely blessed.”
“All I’m going to worry about is what I can control and that’s my attitude, my effort, and how I can go out there and be a great teammate and that’s it.” – Tebow in an interview with Skip Bayless when asked about speaking out against his elder players and coaches.
“I am not better than anyone else just because I play football.”
“Something I learned early in college (is) to not worry about what I can’t control. But what I can control is my attitude, my effort, my focus every single day and that’s what I’m trying to worry about.”
“That’s really cool. A lot of times people have this stereotype of homeschoolers as not very athletic – it’s like, go win a spelling bee or something like that – it’s an honor for me to be the first one to do that.” – Tebow, upon becoming the first home-schooled athlete to be nominated for the Heisman Trophy
“When I meet somebody I want to leave a better impression than when I got there.”
“Chris Leak’s a great quarterback. I’m not going to worry about (trying to get playing time). I’m just going to train as hard as I can, and that’s all I can do.”
“I’m just another guy starting out.”
“We believed as a team.”
“Just keep believing…This is an opportunity where great things can happen and let’s be great right now…Everybody believe and we went out there and achieved it because our faith and our relentlessness to keep fighting.”
“He’s a great guy and a good leader, and I’m trying to learn from him.”
“I know how important it is. I’ve been working really hard, trying to get better every day. I’m trying to learn as much as possible.”
“I want to make a difference with my platform.”
“It’s exciting, a lot of fun. I enjoyed it. It’s an awesome experience. I just try to work hard and run the offense as good as possible. I had a lot of guys around me who made a lot of good plays to help me out.”
“It’s an emotional, violent game and you have to be ready.”
“You want people to believe in you. You want people to care about you… You want to perform for the fans and make them proud.”
“There aren’t many guys like him. He’s going to be a good receiver for us. He really makes the quarterback look a lot better than he is. He made me look better on a lot of plays.”
“We’ve got a great bunch of receivers who are so unselfish and they’re putting the team #1 and I’m so proud of them…Their #1 priority is to win and I’m so proud of them.”
“We take it one day at a time. You have to get better. We’re focused on tomorrow.”
“This is a very big day in my life. This is the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make.”
“They needed more of a commitment from me towards them. It was a mutual thing. We’ll still talk to their coaches because they are friends.”
“My passion is kids, more than just kids is underprivileged kids and orphans.”
“Helping raise money for kids – there’s nothing better than that.”
“It’s just a very exciting time at the University of Florida. And I want to be part of it.”
“It’s OK to lose but we got hit in the mouth and didn’t answer.”
“Coach Meyer was like a father figure to me. I went their because of relationships, especially Coach Meyer.”
“He worked harder than any coach to recruit me. I bought into him. That’s why I went to Florida. I believed in the man Urban Meyer.”
“He (Meyer) only came back because he loved his players so much.”
“It’s what I respect most about him. It’s not about the coaching. It’s about being a dad. It’s about his family.”
“I probably won’t look at it too much because it’s too weird.” – Tebow on his statue at the University of Florida.
“There are several things that keep me grounded and focused…When you can humble yourself to say ’I’m no more important than anyone else.  I just have a gift.’”
“The greatest thing with this sport and the NFL is we have such a platform and we can take that platform and influence the next generation. That is honestly my passion. And this week we got to announce that I was building a hospital in the Phillipines. And this game means a lot but that hospital means more to me because that’s changing people’s lives. That’s giving people faith, and hope, and love…My ultimate goal with this, with playing football, is to be a great role model that a parent can look at their son and say that’s someone who’s trying to do the right thing.”
“When guys say ‘I’m not a role model’.  Well, yes you are.  You’re just a bad one.”
“At the end of the day, when the players and owners get together they’re going to say ‘We don’t want to ruin the best game in America, maybe the best game in the world.”
“I just want to win football games.”
“The lows are disappointing but that makes the highs much sweeter. That’s what drives you to compete.”
“Whenever you get challenged, you have to step up as a man and as a team. We needed more courage and character that day.” – When UGA danced in the Florida Gator end zone.
“I don’t believe it’s the will to win. It’s the will to prepare. If you wake up early, stay late, grind, those 14 games will come easy to you.”
“I’m going to listen to John Elway. He knows what he’s talking about.”
“I want to be a quarterback who has the ability to do whatever I’m asked to do.”
“When a quarterback steps into a game plan what’s on your plate. How many formations? How many reads? How many checks? How many audibles?”
“I’m here. I’m here to work. I don’t care about my hair.” – on his rookie hazing.
“The greatest thing about our team is that we believe in each other.”
“As a competitor and an athlete, you have to believe in yourself. And you have to believe in the people who believe in you.”
“I’m humbled and honored to be a Jet” – Tim Tebow, Jets’ introductory news conference
Whatever my role is however I can expand that role, I’m going to try to do that and everyday in practice I’m going to go out there and compete and try to get better as a quarterback and try to figure out anyway possible to help this team anyway that I can. – Tim Tebow, Jets’ introductory news conference
“I’ve always said I’m a football player first and then a quarterback. Although, that is my dream, that is what I want to be and that’s what I believe I am is a quarterback.” – Tim Tebow, Jets’ introductory news conference
“I’m pretty sure I’m not the first athlete that has gotten on a knee and prayed but somehow, it’s know as Tebowing… If people are still somehow talking about prayer or talking about my faith then, I think that’s pretty cool.” – Tim Tebow, Jets’ introductory news conference
“Ultimately I know that’s more important than anything I do on the football field; is the ability to brighten a kids day or the ability to make someone smile.” – Tim Tebow, Jets’ introductory news conference
“You have an opportunity and I believe more than that, it’s a responsibility, to be a good role model, to set a good example and to make a difference in kids lives” – Tim Tebow, Jets’ introductory news conference
Share and Enjoy
