Better NFL Prospect: Tim Tebow or Cam Newton?
03/31/2011 4:04 PM - 
At the beginning of the 2010 college football season the only people that knew Cam Newton were students at Blinn College and Florida Gators fans that knew the team well enough to know the bench players. By the end of the bowl season everybody was talking about Newton, the controversy surrounding him, his Heisman trophy, National Championship and his draft stock. Some experts have Cam Newton going as high as the first overall pick and seem to think he’s worth it, even though those same experts thought a better prospect was overrated at the 25th pick last year. That prospect is Tim Tebow.
There is no doubt that Cam Newton is more athletically gifted than Tim Tebow but athleticism is a tiny part of being a good NFL quarterback. Claiming Newton will be a great quarterback in the NFL because of his athleticism is like me claiming to be a great writer just because I know how to spell. Cam Newton is athletic but Tebow is better at almost everything else. There are many reasons to think Tim Tebow will be a better NFL quarterback than Newton.
Let’s start with the fact that Tim Tebow graduated as a senior that started for three seasons and played significant minutes even as a freshmen. Cam Newton started for one season. It was a great season, but how do we know it’s not a fluke? How do we know Auburn didn’t just have a magical season? How do we know Newton didn’t just have a career year and will never repeat 2010? Tebow has proven that he is a great quarterback over four years and Newton has not. Tebow is also more tested because after winning the Heisman trophy as a sophomore every team was taking their best shot at Tebow every game. Nobody even knew Newton until halfway through the season so he never had the bullseye on his back like Tebow.
Tebow is also just a better quarterback than Newton. Newton has a strong arm but if having the stronger arm made someone the best quarterback then Jay Cutler would be the best quarterback in the NFL. Newton is faster than Tebow but if being the fastest runner makes someone the better quarterback then Michael Vick is the best quarterback in the NFL. Tebow has other qualities that make him a better quarterback. He ran an option at the University of Florida and almost never made the incorrect choice. Tebow also threw for a higher percentage than Newton.
Tebow has shown that he is better than Newton at knowing his offense, reading defenses and making the correct decisions. These abilities are even more important than arm strength and speed. Newton’s offense at Auburn was that he would drop back to pass and then after waiting for a few seconds he would take off running. That is not good decision making and Newton will be destroyed by NFL defenses if he tries it at the next level.
It sounds cliché but when talking about Tebow the “intangibles” factor is absolutely true. Every teammate loves Tebow, every coach loves Tebow. He inspires his teammates to win, he’s a great leader, he’s the hardest worker on his team and he doesn’t have an ego. The only leadership that Newton showed at Auburn was leading his teammates in taunting Alabama fans after the Iron Bowl.
