LeBron James Battling Britney Spears In Bowling Hall Of Fame Induction Competition
LeBron James . Britney Spears . Bowling. It seems unlikely the two celebrities would have anything to do with each other, let alone with bowling in the mix. However, a campaign by the Bowler’s Proprietor’s Association of America to make the sport of bowling the number one participatory sport in the country has gathered a number of celebrities to face off for the honor of induction into the Celebrity Bowling Hall of Fame.
LeBron and Britney are part of this week’s match-up, both vying for votes to advance in the contest. James made his way into the running, beating out Tim Tebow in votes. Britney Spears beat out fellow musician Drake to advance.
Incentives are given in the form of bowling coupons to those who vote. You can vote here at GoBowling.com.
Tebowmania Headed To The Home Of Linsanity
The New York Jets have acquired quarterback Tim Tebow , a day after the Broncos made the player obsolete with their signing of veteran QB Peyton Manning .
The news has been confirmed on the team’s website, but the terms of the deal have not yet been revealed. We do hear the team obtained Tebow in exchange for the Broncos’ seventh-round pick for a fourth- and sixth-round choice.
Tebow will likely be coming off the bench for Mark Sanchez , who just signed a three-year extension with the team.
We can’t help but wonder how Tebow, a devout Christian, will feel about all the foul language coach Rex Ryan likely uses in the locker room and on the field.
In other New York sports news: Linsanity is heating back up. The Knicks are putting together a run for the playoffs under new coach Mike Woodson. The team has won four straight games under the new leader.
Shoutout to TerezOwens who provided the “first look at Tebow in a Jets uniform.” He’s also already spotted some Tebow fans in New York !
Photo: TerezOwens.com
Tim Tebow Offered Spot In Minor Leagues
With Peyton Manning in as the new quarterback for the Broncos, Tim Tebow ‘s time in Denver is drawing to a close. While some reports say he’s being courted in his home state by the Jacksonville Jaguars and Miami Dolphins, other reports allege he could be headed to Green Bay or New York .
In case none of those plans pan out, Tebow has another option: baseball. The California League Champions Lake Elsinore Storm, a minor league baseball team, want to make the Broncos a trade offer for Tebow. An explanation of the trade was laid out by the team’s general manager Chris Jones, “We know that Tim was the cause for late-game comebacks in Denver and we  have our own leader of rallies, the Rally Cop. We would like to offer  the Broncos the Rally Cop as well as the Grounds Crew Gorilla, winner of  an MiLB Golden Bobble head last season, in exchange for Tebow.”
The team has started a grassroots campaign, complete with the hashtag #TebowToTheStorm.
Photo: MiLB.com
Tim Tebow Dating Taylor Swift?
Sources spotted pop starlet Taylor Swift and Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow chatting it up at a pre-Oscars bash on Friday night before dining together. The two were seen arriving together at Toscanova Italian restaurant in the Century City mall. After dinner, Tebow then walked her out before heading back into the restaurant.
While the meeting could have been strictly platonic, for business, or otherwise, TerezOwens.com reports his sources have confirmed that the two are actually dating.
We think they’d make a great couple! The 22-year old Swift would be dating more in her age range. Tebow is 24 years old. Swift previously dated 31-year-old Jake Gyllenhaal and 34-year-old John Mayer.
What do you think of these two as a potential couple?
Photos: Glenn Harris / PR Photos and Jockey.com
Athlete Sightings At The Cartoon Network Hall Of Game Awards
Shaquille O’Neal hosted the Second Annual Carton Network Hall of Game Awards over the weekend in Santa Monica. The show, which hands out awards in categories ranging from “That’s How I Roll” to “We Got Game” will air tonight on Cartoon Network at 4 pm PST.
David Beckham beat out Giants pitcher Brian Wilson , Miami Heat star Dwyane Wade , and Serena Williams in the “That’s How I Roll” category.
USA soccer goalie Hope Solo got the “She’s Got Game” award, beating out skier Lindsey Vonn , hoops star Maya Moore , and tennis pro Maria Sharapova.
Cam Newton got the award for “Gnarliest Newb.” Other football stars who won awards: Victor Cruz beat out Novak Djokovic for the “Dance Machine” award. Tim Tebow got the “Captain Clutch” award and Matthew Stafford and Calvin Johnson won the “Dynamic Duo” award.
Always one to make us say, “Awww,” Tim Tebow brought a special date. Presli Collins, a 9-year-old from Colorado with a genetic tumor disorder, got to walk to “green” carpet with the Broncos star.
Photos: Andrew Evans  / PR Photos
Athlete QOTD: Tim Tebow Says He’s Not Dating Katy Perry
We told you awhile back about Katy Perry ‘s mother trying to set the pop singer up with Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow. Perry has also said herself, via OK! magazine, how much she likes the “handsome, charming, intelligent” football player.
Tebow responded to questions about whether or not he was dating Perry, while participating in a Boys & Girls Club event in Los Angeles. Per the AP, Tebow said,
“No, me and Katy Perry don’t have a thing, but she’s a  very good artist,” he said, smiling when asked by one of the kids at the event.
“I’m single.”
Of course, if Perry really wanted to run into Tebow she had a chance last weekend when the two were both in Los Angeles. Perry was in LA for the Grammys on Sunday.
“Linsanity” Takes Hold Of NBA
Jeremy Lin was playing in the D-League this time last year, now he’s an NBA sensation trending on Twitter with songs written about him , and a word that sums up the hype: Linsanity.
Lin is the only Asian-American in the NBA, which makes him a sensation both here in the U.S. and overseas. His story is one that everyone can appreciate. He was the underdog, then found himself traded to one of the highest earning NBA teams in the league: the New York Knicks. The Knicks have won their last four games that Lin has started in. That fact combined with a stellar highlight reel has put him in the spotlight, but he remains humble.
Lin has garnered the attention of other athletes, from Tim Tebow (the two are vocal about their Christian faith), who said “It’s awesome to see what he’s done,” to the always controversial boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr . who opted to play the race card. Mayweather Jr. said via Twitter, “Jeremy Lin is a good player but all the hype is because he’s Asian.  Black players do what he does every night and don’t get the same praise.” Mayweather seems to be missing the Lin back story.
Lin seems to unstoppable, especially after the Knicks’ Friday night win against the Lakers. (Who must be kicking themselves they didn’t offer Lin a contract. )
Linsanity continues tonight as the Knicks take on the Raptors in Toronto at 4 pm PST.
Photo: SI
Is “Bradying” The New “Tebowing”?
NFL fans took a break from Tebowing to create another pose after the Super Bowl: “Bradying.” The New England Patriots quarterback was caught looking downtrodden towards the end of Super Bowl XLVI, head down and hands folded, after the Patriots were defeated by the Giants for the second time in four years. Now the Tom Brady pose has become the latest Internet meme.
Patriots haters especially embraced the fad, but how long until it fades?
