Filed under Blogs , Vincent Frank
June 8, 2012 – Vincent Frank
The New York Jets were a complete disaster last season. This is a team that went into the season with Super Bowl expectations and ended up sitting at home when all was on the line in January.
From a lack of team chemistry to splits in the locker room about the ability of one’ Mark Sanchez, this “team” resembled something better suited for a 2-Pac, Biggie house party.
This offseason hasn’t been much better to the “Gang Green.” They went out and traded for Tim Tebow, a player that doesn’t seem to fix Rex Ryan’s personality. I can just imagine the fowl-mouthed head coach letting off an “F-bomb” to Tebow following the quarterback giving a long-winded sermon to the team. Doesn’t seem to work, right?
Logistically, it makes little sense either. The Jets are, for better or worst, attached to Mark Sanchez at the hip. They spent a top-5 pick on the enigmatic quarterback and haven’t reaped the rewards as of yet. Any sense of a quarterback competition in camp could further divide an already volatile locker room.
That being said, I do like the addition of LaRon Landry via free agency from the Washington Redskins. He fills a position of tremendous need and is a standout player against the run when healthy. He came relatively cheap on a one-year contract.
Outside of that the Jets really didn’t do much in free agency. Chaz Schilens was a really nice under-the-radar signing. However, there were consistent concerns about injury in regards to the talented receiver with the Oakland Raiders as he has missed 19 games in the last three seasons. When healthy, Schilens does put up some decent numbers.
New York runs a base 3-4 defense, which led me to question their selection of Quinton Coples in the first round. While the young defensive end does possess talent, he seems better suited to play in a 4-3 scheme. Additionally, Coples was far too inconsistent to justify a first-round pick on. His “bust” factor is enormous at this point.
I really did love the selection of wide receiver Stephen Hill from Georgia Tech. He was getting late first-round play leading up to the draft, but fell as the annual even began in Radio City Music Hall. This is a type of player that has the ability to be a true No. 1 receiver in the National Football League. It might take Hill a while to get accustomed to the NFL because of a limited route-tree, but once he gets that done watch out.
Demario Davis might have been one of the best mid-round selections in the 2012 NFL Draft The Arkansas State product has a rare combination of speed and strength that teams look for in an elite inside linebacker. Expect the third-round pick to challenge Bart Scott for the starting job in 2012.
Overall, the Jets didn’t do nearly enough to close the gap between themselves and the New England Patriots. Moreover, it appears that both the Miami Dolphins and Buffalo Bills have inched closer to Miami in the AFC East.
Look for a down season in 2012.
Free Agent Signings
S- Yeremiah Bell, Miami Dolphins
K- Josh Brown, St. Louis Rams
S- LaRon Landry, Washington Redskins
WR- Chaz Schilens, Oakland Raiders
QB- Tim Tebow, New York Jets (trade)
2012 NFL Draft Picks
1. DE- Quinton Coples, North Carolina
2. WR- Stephen Hill, Georgia Tech
3. LB- Demario Davis, Arkansas State
6. S- Josh Bush, Wake Forest
6. FB- Terrance Ganoway, Baylor
6. G- Robert T. Griffin, Baylor
7. S- Antonio Allen, South Carolina
7. WR- Jordan White, Western Michigan
