Born: August 14, 1987 in the Philippines
College: Florida
Turned Pro: 2010
Awards / Notes: While playing for Florida, Tebow won the 2007 Heisman Trophy, becoming the first underclassman to win. He was also a 2x BCS National Champion (2007, 2009), 2x First Team All-American (2007, 2008), 3x First Team All-SEC (2007-2009) and the 2007 AP Player of the Year. He won the Maxwell Award twice (2007, 2008), the 2008 Manning Award and he was awarded the 2007 William V. Campbell Trophy. He was also named 2007 NCAA Quarterback of the Year.
What Is A Fathead?: Fathead is Huge! Real.Big. Fathead wall graphics are life-size action images that you stick on any smooth surface. You can move them and reuse them and they are safe for walls. Fathead wall graphics are way better than a poster, much bigger than a sticker and tougher than a decal. Choose from hundreds of licensed sports and entertainment images. You can also get a custom Fathead! Upload your photos to make your own Fathead using our Fathead customizer. Need decorating ideas? Need to find a unique gift? Need ideas for party decorating? Need to decorate a den, office, kid's room? Fathead has you covered! Great for party planners, wedding planners, interior designers, decorators, sports enthusiasts, and fans of all ages! A fathead can transform an entire room in a fraction of the time, and cost of painting or wallpapering.
What'd You Say?: Did you just call that a Tim Tebow poster? A poster of Tim Tebow! That's a Fathead! A Tim Tebow Fathead! It's bigger than a poster by a mile. When did a football poster give you a life-size Tim Tebow? A Fathead has magnitude and attitude and you can move it and reuse it. It's tough, but it won't hurt your wall. No matter the size of your passion, this Tim Tebow Fathead will have make you say, "WOW! That's no football poster. That's a Fathead!"
What It's Made Of: This REAL.BIG. Fathead Wall Graphic is a high definition image made of tough high-grade vinyl that's tear and fade resistant, so you can be assured your eye catching Fathead will stay strong. And if the thought of taking down your Fathead makes you want to cry, don't worry, because it uses a low-tack adhesive that can be moved and reused without any damage to your wall.   As if it couldn't get any better, your Fathead comes with free separate smaller images (made of the same stuff) to go with your awesome new wall graphic. You can stick ‘em near your REAL.BIG. or use ‘em to decorate another space.
Suggested Uses: We know once you've got your brand new, authentic Fathead, you'll be so excited that you'll want to stick it to the first wall you see. But stop for a just a few minutes and make sure you apply it to a clean, smooth, interior surface, because your Fathead loves them and you'll love the way it sticks. We recommend putting it somewhere where everyone can see it since there's no better way to tell everyone you're a fan. Real.Big. Fatheads are perfect for transforming person caves, basements, family rooms, TV rooms, bedrooms, workout rooms, offices or any other interior area with a smooth, clean surface. Need to decorate for a party or get together? Fatheads are the ultimate companion for watching the big game or as decorations for a theme party.
Where Not To Stick It: So we've told you where to put your Fathead but we haven't told you where not to. For those curious folks who may want to try to stick their Real.Big. Fathead in clever places like on the sidewalk or on your Dad's car, you may want to rethink your decorating because to be honest, it won't stick or stay for very long. Fatheads do not like textured or bumpy surfaces. When we say you should put it on an interior surface, we don't recommend putting it in your garage unless you have one of those fancy, finished, heated garages. Fatheads don't like the cold, but who would want to leave their poor Fathead in the cold anyway? Lastly, you don't want your Fathead to stick to itself, let's just put it this way, your Fathead will not let go without a fight. The best way to prevent this is to grab a friend or two have them help you put up your Fathead and then you get to show it off that much sooner.
REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
