Broncos Rumors & News >
Disclaimer
BroncoTalk is an unofficial Denver Broncos fansite and is not affiliated with the NFL.  Images and articles used on this site are used under the fair use provision of the Copyright Act for purposes of comment, criticism, and news reporting.
Published on 11/30/2011 at Wed Nov 30 12:46.
Tim Tebow is smashing QB rushing records
Posted Wed Nov 30th by Jon Heath
Quarterback Tim Tebow, #15 of the Denver Broncos, eludes Eric Smith #33 of the New York Jets and rushes 20 yards for the game winning touchdown in the fourth quarter at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on November 17, 2011 in Denver, Colorado. The Broncos defeated the Jets 17-13. (Photo by Doug Pensinger/Getty Images)
Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow may be among the least accurate passers in the NFL, but nobody can deny his running ability.  The record books reflect that.
Tebow was the fastest quarterback in franchise history to rush for nine touchdowns in his career (15 games), and also holds the second-most rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in team history, second only to John Elway‘s 33.
As a rookie in 2010, Tebow rushed 43 times for 227 yards (5.3 avg.) and six touchdowns and recorded two of the top three single-game rushing performances by a quarterback in franchise history.
This season, Carolina’s Cam Newton joined Tebow (Den., 2010) and Fran Tarkenton (Min., 1961) as the only three players in NFL history to run and pass for a touchdown in four or more games during their rookie season(s).
On Sunday, Tebow rushed 22 times for 67 yards.  That marked the most rushing attempts by a quarterback in a single game in NFL history.  Second on the list is Billy Kilmer (20 carries with the 49ers in 1961).  Among modern-era quarterbacks, the closest anyone comes to 22 carries is Michael Vick‘s 14 carries in 2004.
The Denver Post‘s Woody Paige calls Tebow a “hybrack — a hybrid quarterback-running back , ” and predicts that he’ll make the 2012 Pro Bowl.
Anonymous
I liked the discussion on ESPN this morning about whether or not Tebow will make the Pro-Bowl… Herm Edwards said, “Who knows, the way he’s going, maybe he’ll make the Super Bowl instead!”
Estes2SD
I like Woody’s take on if Tebow’s rushing attempts were considered passing attempts, he would have a  64% completion rating.
Kellyleephipps
Didn’t he break a record for longest QB rushing TD vs. the Raiders last year too?
Wholt
I’m just glad that a fire has been lit in this team…. GO BRONCOS!!
rcsodak
Putting lipstick on a pig doesnt change it from still being a pig.
He’s still <50% and missing open wr's and has no touch.  No matter how much woody plays with the numbers, he's still a work in progress.
Anonymous
Maybe not but it sure does make for some sexy bacon!
rcsodak
lol. i would tend to agree.
Anonymous
WOW!!! You didn’t get bombarded with you’re a hater responses” for telling the truth or stating a fact… Unbelieveable…LMAO!
bfairchild
Tebow only has a 45% completion rating, because his throws are off 25% of the time, and 30% of the time his receivers flat out drop the ball.
Msmhc11
Tebow is a legit qb much like the Vikings have a legit secondary!
Erazo362
Rcsodak, wasn’t that Obama saying about Hilary Clinton, can’t you come-up something more orginal? sounds like you have had some exsperance putting lipstick on a pig. Now get down and start tebowing, you bronco hater!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anonymous
