Lindsay Vonn Tebowing After her World Cup Victory
December 8, 2011
Lindsey Vonn who recentley won her fourth straight World cup at Beaver Creek, did a Tebow like bow during her celebratory annointing of the metal presentation.
Broncos Beat the Chargers 16 – 13!
November 28, 2011
I thought the Broncos were going to have a long day after the chargers quick 10 to 0 lead over the Broncos in the first quarter. The Bronco’s offense is not designed to go toe t0 toe in scoring, so if they get down...
Former Bronco Jake Plummer’s Opinion and Message to Tim Tebow & Tebow’s Response to Plummer’s Comments
November 23, 2011
Jake Plummer, known as “Jake the snake”, the former Denver Bronco, recently was interviewed about his take on Tim Tebow on XTRA Sports 910 in Phoenix this past Monday. Here are some of his comments towards Tim Tebow: “(Tebow) is a winner, though. I...
Kyle Orton Waived by the Denver Broncos
November 22, 2011
Aren’t you suppose wait until after Thanksgiving to breakup with someone or in this case, let an employee know that you are no longer with the company? The Denver Broncos have waived QB Kyle Orton two and a half years after acquiring him from...
John Elway on Tim Tebow is Your Quarterback – “No”
November 22, 2011
Despite Tim Tebow’s latest heroics this past Sunday, come from behind victory over the New York Jets, John Elway apparently isn’t quite convinced that Tim Tebow is the quarterback of the future for the Denver Broncos…at least just not yet. This morning Elway said...
Tim Tebow’s Final Drive Against the New York Jets
November 18, 2011
What a game against the New York Jets! For the first three quarters, Broncos and Jets seemed to be deadlock in overall play, with the Jets having the upper hand in the score late into the fourth quarter. Tim Tebow continued to struggle throwing...
Tim Tebow’s Denver Broncos jersey is most popular in NFL since draft day
April 27, 2010
Tim Tebow’s new Denver Broncos jersey is suddenly the most popular one in the NFL. Bloomberg reported that Tebow’s No. 15 Broncos jersey sold more than any rookie since the league started tracking sales at NFLShop.com. He surpassed the record established by Jets QB...
