by Rich Deem
Introduction
Tim Tebow has been a popular NFL quarterback since being drafted by the NFL  Denver Broncos after winning the Heisman Trophy. Although a stellar quarterback in college, his throwing  abilities are not as strong as those of other top NFL quarterbacks. Still he  finds a way to win games—and give praise to Jesus Christ, which is  probably why NFL fans seem to either love him or hate him. Are Tebow's  performances a result of his religious belief? Does God really care about  football?
Too much religion?
Tim Teblow tends to make some of this fellow players nervous. It's not so  much his football performances that have them worried as much as his outward  display of faith. He is always giving thanks and praise to Jesus Christ. In  college, he always had a verse (e.g., John 3:16) written in his eye shadow.  Tebow even started his own foundation to  help disadvantaged people throughout the world. Tebow is not doing all these religious things to make people feel uneasy. He  just really believes that Jesus deserves praise for some of his God-given  abilities.
Does God care about football?
Karl Marx once said that "religion is the opiate of the masses." 1 At this point in history, one would have to say that sports are the current   opiates of the people. Large numbers of sports fans are willing to shell out   multi-million dollar salaries to men who are good at throwing, hitting, or   kicking various size balls on different sports teams. In a world where   millions of children are starving, it seems like a poor use of available   resources. Still, as a member of the Y-chromosome group, I enjoy watching   football and basketball. There are always a number of sports figures who   give credit to God for their victories (but not usually their loses). Does   God really care about sports and who wins or who loses? Despite God's   probable indifference to competitive sports, there is a biblical principle   that dominates life in general. The Apostle Paul said "...whatever you do,   do all to the glory of God (1 Corinthians 10:31). So, although God probably   doesn't care whether that Denver Broncos win football games, He does care   that people fulfill the two great commandments—to love God and love our   neighbor (Matthew 22:37-40). Because of God's great works on our behalf, we   are told to "continually offer up a sacrifice of praise to God" and "give   thanks to His name" (Hebrews 13:15). This is exactly what Tim Tebow does,   both on and off the field. Will God continue to bless Tim Tebow? Likely!
Why does God love Tim Tebow?
Yes, God does love Tim Tebow. However, He doesn't love Tebow, simply   because he is always praising God. The fact is that God loves all human beings, including those who spend most of their time watching sports   and drinking beer (although He might prefer they do other things!). God   loves all people because He created them in His image. He wants them to   choose to return His love and live with Him forever .   The only thing God asks in return is belief in His Son, whom He sent to   provide the model for us and the sacrifice to pay for our sins. It sounds   like a deal too good to be true, but it is true. Once you believe, God's   love can flow through you as it does through Tim Tebow.
Conclusion
Tim Tebow loves Jesus. It shows in his attitude, his work ethic and the way  he treats other people. Is Tebow too good? That's not possible, since God wants  perfection. However, He will "settle" for faith in Jesus Christ. God loves Tim  Tebow, but no more than He loves you and I. It is through faith in Jesus that we  may enter into the joy that He offers. Yes, it is better than beer and football. May God bless you.
Related Pages
What Will Hell be Like?
References
To be fair, the context does not sound as bad as the "sound bite." "Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a    heartless world, just as it is the spirit of a spiritless situation. It is the    opium of the people."
We are what we think.
06/28/2012 12:28 AM
Quote of the Week: William Lane Craig
When people see this—our love for one another and our unity through love—then they will in turn be drawn by this to Christ and will respond to the gospel’s offer of salvation. More often than not, it is what you … Continue reading →
()
Exploring Manichaeism: St. Augustine, Part 3
In his search for an alternative to catholic Christianity, Augustine of Hippo (AD 354–430) turned to a religious sect known as Manichaeism, which promised to synthesize Christ’s “true” teachings with classical wisdom. The Manichees1 followed the teaching of Mani (AD … Continue reading →
()
Quote of the Week: John Jefferson Davis, 2
This great impetus to intellectual advance came from the conviction that the Bible was indeed a written revelation of divine origin and authority. Christianity, a “religion of the book,” fostered literacy and education on the most comprehensive scale. —John Jefferson … Continue reading →
()
Father’s Day Reflections
This past Sunday marked our annual celebration of dads. Whether they are fathers or father-figures, men have an important role to play in shaping the lives of young people around them. Personally, I’ve had the privilege to be mentored by … Continue reading →
()
Quote of the Week: Peter Kreeft
You may be wondering, “What can I do with logic?” The answer is that logic can do something with you. Logic builds the mental habit of thinking in an orderly way. —Peter Kreeft, Socratic Logic, 2nd ed. (South Bend, Indiana: … Continue reading →
()
Wayward Youth in a Pagan Empire: St. Augustine, Part 2
Named for two Roman Emperors, Aurelius Augustinus was born November 13 AD 354, in Thagaste, a small Roman province of Numidia in North Africa (present day Algeria). His family was what might be called a lower middle-class. His father, Patricius, … Continue reading →
()
