Tebow gives UF hope for big future.
Tim Tebow Biography
Tim Tebow or Timothy Tebow was born on August 14, 1987. Tim Tebow is an American football quarterback for the Denver Broncos. He was drafted by the Broncos in the first round of the 2010 NFL Draft. Tim Tebow played college football at FLorida Gators. Tim Tebow  has been referred to as "A Walking Freight Truck". Tim Tebow is a highly-touted quarterback known for his ability to run and pass. Tim Tebow  played quarterback for Nease High School in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, where he became a Division I-A recruit and ranked among the top quarterback prospects in the nation. In his first season with the Gators, Tim Tebow  became an integral part of Urban Meyer's offense as backup to starter Chris Leak as well as a key player in certain situations, providing a hard-to-defend "dual threat" as both a runner and a passer. Coach Meyer has described Tim Tebow  as the "sparkplug" of the Gator offense, providing a much needed jolt at just the right time during the games. As a true freshman, Tim Tebow's contribution helped the Gators win college football's national championship game for the first time since 1996.
Tim Tebow is the fifth child of Bob and Pam Tebow, both of whom are University of Florida graduates, Tim was born on August 14, 1987 in the Philippines, where his parents were serving as Christian missionaries.
All of the Tim Tebow  children were homeschooled by their mother who also worked to instill the family’s deep religious beliefs along the way. In 1996, legislation was passed in Florida allowing homeschooled students to compete in local high school sporting events. The law specifies that homeschool students may participate on the team of the local school in the county and school district in which they live. The Tebows lived in Duval County and Tim played linebacker and tight end for Trinity Christian in Jacksonville for one season, but his dream was to play quarterback. Trinity did not pass the ball much and Tim didn’t want to hand it off every play, so he began to explore his options. Nease liked to throw the ball and Coach Craig Howard was known for his passing offense so Tim and his mother moved in to an apartment down the street from the Nease High School in St. Johns County. With the rest of his family living on a farm in Jacksonville, Tim began playing quarterback for Nease High School in Ponte Vedra Beach and his performance soon began to turn some heads which even led to a minor controversy over him being a homeschooled student.
As a junior, Tim Tebow ’s stock rose as he became a high profile, highly recruited major college quarterback prospect. The 6’3”, 225 lb (1.91 m, 102 kg) quarterback continued to impress during his senior season, leading the Nease Panthers to a state title, earning All-State honors, was named Florida's Mr. Football and a Parade All-American. Tim Tebow  finished his high school career with 9,810 passing yards, 3,186 rushing yards, 95 passing touchdowns and 62 rushing touchdowns. He played in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl Game in San Antonio, Texas which features the top 78 senior high school football players in the nation and is shown nationally on NBC television.
Despite having parental and sibling ties to the University of Florida, Tim remained open minded during the recruiting process and became very close to Alabama coach Mike Shula. But after careful consideration and much deliberation, he decided to play for the team he felt best suited his skills and style of play. Tim Tebow  chose to play for coach Urban Meyer and the Florida Gators, who employ a similar “spread option” offense that he excelled in at Nease High School.
Tim Tebow  was considered one of the nation’s top recruits and was the subject of an ESPN “Faces in Sports” documentary. The segment was titled "Tim Tebow: The Chosen One", and focused on Tim’s homeschool controversy and missionary work in the Philippines, as well as his exploits on the field of play and the college recruiting process. Tim Tebow was also featured in Sports Illustrated on the “Faces in the Crowd” page. On January 7, 2007, Tim Tebow  was featured prominently in an ESPN “Outside The Lines” feature on homeschooled athletes seeking equal access to high school athletics in other states. In fact, his popularity inspired "equal access" supporters in Alabama to name their bill in the Alabama Legislature "The Tim Tebow Bill". The bill, which is pending in the Alabama Legislature, will allow Alabama home school athletes to play for their local high school teams just as Tim Tebow  did in Florida.
 
Tim Tebow Bio in 2006
In Florida's 2006 "Orange and Blue" Spring scrimmage, he completed 15 of 21 pass attempts for 197 yards and one touchdown. After the game, some Gator fans suggested that Tim Tebow  could be named the starting quarterback over then starter, Chris Leak. Coach Urban Meyer later said that despite Tim Tebow's impressive performance, Leak would remain the starting quarterback. Prior to the 2006 season, Tim Tebow  was listed by Sports Illustrated as college football's future top mobile quarterback.
Coming off the bench behind senior quaterback Chris Leak. Tim Tebow  made his college debut in a goal line situation against Southern Miss, rushing for a touchdown on a designed quarterback scramble. He led the team in rushing in the next game, against UCF, and finished 2006 as the Gators' second-highest season rushing leader.
He made his SEC debut against the Tennessee Volunteers on September 16, 2006. His performance included a ten-yard run on his first carry and converting a critical fourth down near the end of the game.
Tim Tebow's biggest game to date came against the LSU Tigers on October 7, 2006, where he accounted for all three of the Gators' touchdowns, passing for two and rushing for another. Tim Tebow  had a one-yard run on the goal line for his first score, a one-yard "jump pass" to tight end Tate Casey, in which he jumped in the air and double-pumped his arm before releasing the ball, and a 35-yard play-action pass to wide receiver Louis Murphy.
Tim Tebow  played a role in the Gators' victory in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game against Ohio State. He threw for one touchdown and rushed for another, finishing with 39 rushing yards.
 
Tim Tebow Bio in 2007
Tim Tebow  was named as one of the "Breakout Players of 2007" for college football by Sporting News, and will start at quarterback for the Florida Gators in the 2007 season. The Gators' offense in 2007 should be similar to what Urban Meyer used at Utah, since Meyer views Tim Tebow  as “very similar to Alex Smith.” Smith was quarterback for Meyer's last team at Utah in 2004, which became the first team from outside the BCS conferences to play in and win a BCS bowl game, and went on to be the top overall pick in the 2005 NFL Draft.
While there were some questions about how he would perform as a full time passer, he opened the year with a bang, going 13-of-17 for 300 yards and 3 touchdowns in his starting debut against Western Kentucky University. For the season, Tim Tebow  is currently 97-148 for 1455 yards and 13 touchdowns passing—ranking third in pass efficiency—with an additional 105 rushes for 500 yards and 9 touchdowns on the ground through six games.
In week 4 of the season, when the Gators faced Ole Miss in an SEC match-up, Tim Tebow  broke the school record for rushing yards by a quarterback in one game, with 166 yards.
In December of the season, Tim Tebow became the first underclassman to have been awarded the Heisman Trophy. His record of 23 rushing touchdowns were the highest for any position in the entire SEC history.
 
Tim Tebow Bio in 2008
In 2008, Tim Tebow led the Gators into  SEC championship victory over the Alabama Crimson Tide. This gave them #2 ranking for the BCS standings, pitting them against #1 seeded Oklahoma Sooners.
They crushed the Sooners 24-14, thus earning the 2009 BCS National Championship.
All this, despite having a bruised shoulder and broken non-throwing hand.
Tim Tebow Bio in 2009
Tebow opened the 2009 season continuing a streak of throwing and running for a touchdown in blowout wins over Charleston Southern and Troy. He ran for a touchdown in the third game, a win against Tennessee, but failed to throw for a touchdown for the first time since his freshman season.
Tebow started against Kentucky despite suffering from a respiratory illness and taking two bags of intravenous fluids before the game. He ran for two touchdowns to put him in 2nd place on the all-time SEC touchdown list and he also threw for a touchdown. Late in the third quarter he was hit in the chest by Kentucky defensive end Taylor Wyndham and then in the back of the head while falling by knee of Florida tackle Marcus Gilbert. Upon impact, he briefly displayed a prominent Fencing Response with his left arm, indicating that a concussion had taken place. He lay motionless for several minutes before being helped to the sidelines. Once there, he vomited. He was taken by ambulance to the University of Kentucky Chandler Medical Center. A CT scan showed no bleeding in the brain, with the injury described as a mild concussion. Coach Urban Meyer stayed the night in the hospital with Tebow, who was discharged in the morning.
On October 31, 2009 playing against the Georgia Bulldogs, Tim Tebow ran for his 50th and 51st rushing touchdowns, breaking the SEC career record previously held by former Georgia running back Herschel Walker. His penultimate collegiate game, the 2009 SEC Championship saw him once again facing the University of Alabama. After a poor performance from the QB, the game ended in a Florida loss with Tebow on the sideline in tears. In the 2010 Sugar Bowl, Tebow's last college game, he had 533 yards of total offense—a record for a Bowl Championship Series game—and accounted for four touchdowns in a 51–24 Florida win against Cincinnati.
 
Tim Tebow Awards and Recognitions
Walter Camp Foundation National Offensive Player of the Week
Southeastern Conference Offensive Player of the Week, two times
Manning Award Watch List
Please note we are not affiliated with Tim Tebow or the official site of Tim Tebow and we are only a fan site.
Reading this website constitutes agreement with this Legal Disclaimer .
