Typical of lieberal inclusiveness, tolerance, fairness, and openess.
Ron
December 19, 2011 at 12:20 am
I agree with what Bill says about Tebow being a show-off Christian. He is correct about what Jesus said. Also, it is logical that God would not take sides in human games. Now I am not sure what God is exactly but it seems possible that God would concerned about the choices that some candidates would be imposing on the rest of us should they win a given election. Of course, given free will we are largely on our own and have to work thru these things.
The world has many religions and many subdivisions under each major religion. Now most of these believe in one god. However, as the number of religions increases the probability of any one being “right” asymptotically approaches zero. To me this suggests that God also doesn’t care what religion we believe if any.
My parting shot:  Jesus is not God; he never claimed to be. It seems that Jesus was elevated to Godhood in order to make Christianity more powerful i.e. it was marketing. That said, he does have a special place in the universe and what that is exactly and what really happened in his life is still a bit of a mystery to me.
Jeff S.
December 19, 2011 at 12:58 pm
Hey Little Bill,
You’ve been asked why you let such venom and hatred dribble out of your ugly little smut mouth, as you illustrated with your “S-T-F-U” comment but I see you’re still hiding and afraid to answer. Just remember, a 100 years from now, many people will be remembered for being good human beings and good parents (probably including Tim Tebow), while you’ll be remembered for your profanity. Maybe we can put “S-T-F-U” on your tombstone since you are so proud of your brave comment made in a dark little radio room. Remember that Tim Tebow helped to build a hospital in the Phillipines, while you used your “press” website to hawk the scarves your wife makes. And you hide from criticism. Big brave man that can say “S-T-F-U” from the safety and anonominity of a radio booth. You are such a small, pathetic little man. Will you answer??
A better headline for your column would be “Bill Press trivializes journalism”
Jane Brando
December 19, 2011 at 1:45 pm
It’s really a shame that this kind of talk is coming from Liberal democrats. Tebow is a man who walks the walk, and talks the talk, and did so before he even played football. This kind of vile talk just brings more people over to the conservatives. when liberals like you attack Christianity. Definitely, you have a security issue in attacking someone else about their faith. How sad for you.
LM
December 19, 2011 at 2:46 pm
I agree with Bill. He makes a good point. If you’re going to practice a religion, then you need to follow the things it says, especially if one of these things was said by the figure the entire religion was founded upon. If you don’t it makes you look like a hypocrite. Also, the immature, irrational responses on here are unbelievable. You should all feel ashamed.
Jason
December 19, 2011 at 10:40 pm
Bill, you really owe Mr. Tebow an apology for your absolutely unwarranted rant. Sure, you can quote scripture to make your point, but it appears that you do not completely understand it. Otherwise, you would not have said what you said. I exhort you to repent, put your trust in Christ and confess Him as Lord. Otherwise, to use a sports analogy for a team that misses the playoffs, you will be on the outside looking in. (But, to put it bluntly, Jonathan Edwards’ sermon “Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God” – which might describe you.)
Kerri
December 20, 2011 at 8:57 am
Funny, this is going so much media play. Is it because he chooses to pray or because it makes those who don’t uncomfortable? Is it a reminder to those who don’t, that others do and give thanks for everything, both big and small? (Thank you for shoes, thank you for shelter, for food, thank you for difficulties, etc.) Do you pray and say Grace before eating out at a restaurant? I pray at work all the time- especially when I am asked to go make copies for hours when I hold a degree and 15 years of professional experience, “Thank you for this lesson in humility…”
I don’t know about the Muslim thing, I personally would applaud it. As a Catholic, we understand the Old Testament and remember Ishmael also being Abraham’s son and our cousin. Respect for others is what we are taught. Now, being an American AND a Catholic in a Protestant country, you bet I am all for a freedom of EVERY religion and the right to pray wherever and whenever you choose.
I would say, look at the lives of those who are uncomfortable with someone praying and recognize the origins of their discomfort, not the person who gives thanks to God.
kevin
December 20, 2011 at 12:36 pm
If you are offended, then don’t watch.  That is what we are told by liberals when we criticize television shows glamorizing teenage sex, adult irresponsibility, and children’s disrespect of adult authority. It would seem that a journalist would have more character and professionalism than you displayed in attacking a 24 year old young man for freely exercising his faith.  While it may make some uncomfortable, that is a personal problem for which people should examine their own insecurities.  The Gay and Lesbian groups are in Americans’ faces spreading their own ideology and anyone who disagrees is labeled homophobic. Yet one 24 year old football player exercising his religious beliefs causes such insecurity and personal discomfort that you want him to STFU.  He is only one person, get over it, turn away, flip the channel, or get on board.  Stop being a God-hater, Religiphobe.
Merry CHRISTmas.
