Tracking Tim Tebow: Not Ashamed of Jesus
Tim Tebow's Story
By now, we all know his story . When his mom was pregnant with him, complications arose and she was urged, at the risk of her own life, to not bring the baby to term, but to abort it. She chose to trust God, and Tim Tebow was born.
Tim Tebow proudly displays bible verses
He was raised by Godly, Christian parents, and along the way rose to fame as a college football player in Florida.
He seemed to be the Next Big Sure Thing. Then he got to the NFL and hit a brick wall that was wrapped in concrete, and reinforced with re-bar. Everything came to a grinding halt.
Drafted to the Denver Broncos by a coach who then got fired, Tim Tebow seem banished to the Phantom Zone behind quarterback Kyle Orton.
Then Orton imploded, and John Elway was forced to use Tebow. Only problem is Tebow is extremely shaky as a passer, with a 44% completion rating. Everyone in the league “knows it”.
Even his own coach says it. But a funny thing happened on the way to “what everybody knew” would happen – Tebow is on one, wild hot streak, and winning like crazy. Huh?..how does that happen?
Tim Tebow is a lot of things. He is a football star, he is a son, he is a virgin , but most importantly he is not ashamed of the testimony of a life lived for Jesus Christ, his Saviour.
He is a Christian in the biblical sense of the word. Not paying mere lip service, but backing up his words with the actions of a life being lived for God.
He has brought the Lord he has served all his life along with him to the 50 yard line, and the world all of a sudden is getting a dose of the old-fashioned Gospel . God can be funny like that.
Defeying Expectations
It may be too early to tell, but it looks to me like God is sending the beginning glimmers of spiritual revival. After the game was over, players from both teams went on the field, and in full view of millions of football fans glued to their sets, they kneeled and gave real thanks to the Holy God of Israel.
When was the last time you saw that happen?
 
An Amazing Witness For Jesus
Read the archives:
Share
  This page has been shared over 4,000 times
“That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of [things] in heaven, and [things] in earth, and [things] under the earth; And [that] every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ [is] Lord, to the glory of God the Father.” Phillipians 2:10,11
Click here to visit the Tim Tebow story archive...
•
Is Tim Tebow Playing Football Or Bringing Revival?
Something is happening in the Mile High city of Denver
The NFL has not seen anyone like Tim Tebow before, and he makes a lot of people, including Christians, nervous
Tim Tebow is a lot of things. He is a football star, he is a son, he is a virgin , but most importantly he is not ashamed of the testimony of a life lived for Jesus Christ, his Saviour. He is a Christian in the biblical sense of the word. Not paying mere lip service, but backing up his words with the actions of a life being lived for God. He has brought the Lord he has served all his life along with him to the 50 yard line, and the world all of a sudden is getting a dose of the old-fashioned Gospel . God can be funny like that.
Click here to read story...
•
Tebow Preached Proverbs 27:17 To Team Night Before Big OT Win
The Mile High Miracle
Tim Tebow's game plan: Trusting the Lord Jesus Christ to work and move in him in a mighty way
“As iron sharpens iron, men sharpen men,” Tebow told the group, loosely quoting Proverbs 27:17.
Do Tebow’s constant references to his Christianity still bother you? Maybe they do. And that’s your prerogative. For what it’s worth, linebacker Von Miller, the havoc-wreaking rookie with 10.5 sacks who is among the biggest reasons for Tebow’s recent success, was inspired by that quote.
“What he said really stuck with me,” said Miller as he walked toward the team bus. “Just having that guy around, it makes us better men. I think he plays for us, and he makes us want to play for him.”
Click here to read story...
 
Kurt Warner Tells Tim Tebow To Stop Talking About Jesus
Bad Advice
The Tim Tebow story is truly that of a man on a mission
Talking about Jesus makes people nervous.
It even makes other Christians nervous sometimes, too. Such is the case with ex-Cardinal QB Kurt Warner, who recently had some advice to give to up and coming Jesus-loving, Denver quarterback Tim Tebow. His advice to the mighty man of God? Stop talking about Jesus.
Isn’t it funny that when you really, truly stand for Jesus, the people who attack you? My advice to you, Kurt, is to be quiet yourself and remember the beatdown that the Steelers gave you last time you met in the Super Bowl.
And my advice to you, Tim Tebow, is to keep talking about Jesus EXACTLY the way you have been.
Don’t change one, single thing. SHOUT IT FROM THE TOP OF THE ASTRODOME that Jesus is coming back soon!!
•
Tebow to Plummer: I’ll take every opportunity to praise the Lord
Putting Jesus First
“I look at it as a relationship I have with him, I want to give him the honor and glory every time I get the opportunity,” Tebow said. “And then after I give him the honor and glory I always try to give my teammates the honor and glory, and that’s how it works. Because Christ comes first in my life, and then my family, and then my teammates. I respect Jake’s opinion, and I really appreciate his compliment of calling me a winner, but I feel like every time I get the opportunity to give the Lord some praise he is due for it because what he did for me, and what he did on the cross for all of us. I really appreciate his opinion and I respect him, but I still will give all the honor and glory to the Lord because he deserves it.”
Click here to read story...
•
Fox Rejects John 3:16 Super Bowl Ad
Anything Goes But God
Watch the commerical that Fox did not want you to see for the 2010 Super Bowl
This year, Fixed Point Foundation , a group that sponsors debates between Christians and atheists at universities around the nation, put together a “LookUp 316? ad that would bring the gospel message to over 100 million viewers tuning in for the big game. This time, it didn’t even take a big stir by outside groups to put a stop to this message; Fox Broadcasting rejected the ad all on their own stating in a letter to Fixed Point that they “would not air anything with religious doctrine.”
Click here to read story...
Click here to visit the Tim Tebow story archive...
 
 
 
Tracking Tim Tebow - this page is dedicated to showing how one NFL quarterback, Tim Tebow, is standing for Jesus Christ in a way that no other professional sports player ever has.
© 2011 NOW THE END BEGINS. All rights reserved
