Tim Tebow Supposedly Turned Down Kim Kardashian
By Larry Brown January 28, 2012 - Posted in Gossip
First it was Katy Perry , and now it’s Kim Kardashian. The gossip queen/sex video star supposedly is interested in dating Tim Tebow, but the quarterback reportedly turned her down. At least that’s what the National Enquirer is saying.
Here’s a transcription of what the Enquirer wrote in their February 6th edition, courtesy of Celebitchy :
Kim Kardashian hopes to hitch her falling star to America’s hottest athlete, Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow — but he doesn’t want anything to do with her!
Sources say that Kim has been telling pals she wants to land a date with the devout Christian football sensation, who made national headlines for miraculously leading his mediocre team to the NFL playoffs.
“Kim has a big crush on Tim,” a friend confided. “She says he’s not only very handsome but seems like a guy with really strong values.”
But it’s more than just infatuation for Kim, 31. Even though she has her own money, pals claim she’s also seeing dollar signs in the 24-year-old hunk! The once red-hot reality star’s popularity has tanked recently, particularly after her sudden separation from pro basketball player Kris Humphries after just 72 days of marriage.
Since then, ratings for her flagship reality show, “Keeping Up with the Kardashians,” are down 14 percent. The buxom brunette has also lost endorsement deals, and her paid public appearances, which have netted up to $600,000 apiece, are dropping off at a rapid pace.
“Kim needs to rehab her image to get her career revved up again,” explained another source. “Dating someone like Tim Tebow would certainly do the trick.”
But even her family is telling her not to hold her breath.
“Tim’s been made aware of Kim’s crush, and although flattered, he’s not interested,” said a source.
“He’s an avowed virgin who’s saving himself for marriage and is looking for a woman with similar values, not someone with two failed marriages AND a sex tape in her past!”
It seems as if everyone recognizes how popular Tim Tebow is and they all want a piece of him for the ratings boost. Good thing our football lord and savior is too strong to fall for the tricks. He will get involved with a woman when it’s the right girl and the right time. Oh, and in case you’re keeping score at home, that makes two athletes to turn down Kim K recently.
H/T Off the Bench
About Larry Brown:
Larry Brown has over nine years of professional sports media experience, working in online, radio, and TV capacities. He recently was a nationally syndicated sports radio host. Follow him on twitter @ LBSports
