We’re talking about Teboners here, Josh.
Anonymous
“Hey, 1 of the 3 (Luck, Barkley, Landry) is going to bust so I’ve got to pick someone to not like :) haha.” By The Trogger…
Thats awesome… I think that LJ might have turned a corner on that front, as always we’ll see :-D.
As for Kellen Moore… In a word? NO. He really isn’t comparable numbers VS numbers VS opponents. And he
might be smaller than Brees and for sure he is not a Brees, at 6ft 191lbs and not super fast He would get broken half in todays NFL…lol. Nope you are more looking at Ty Detmer material there. But just as Ty, he does have moxy!
Anonymous
Crazy but the Kid is right! :-)
Anonymous
Disagree with this statement but can’t say I wouldn’t be OK with that line up. Wishful thinking big time!!!
I would for sure like to see more of Mr Weber. He is a reach also perhaps be I’d like to find out. No not by giving him the “Tebow experiment”…lol.
TinFL
Support, personnel, training. 
 
It took John Elway fourteen years to find the right people around him so that he would not be embarrassed again.
 
You’re giving Tim Tebow two weeks?  A little biography . . .
 
Tim Tebow contributed to the Gators’ 2006 college football season as a key back-up, helping the team win college football’s national championship game for the first time since 1996.
During the 2007 season, Tebow was Florida’s starting quarterback and became the first college football player to both rush and pass for 20 or more touchdowns in a single season and the first college sophomore to win the Heisman Trophy.  
In addition to winning the Heisman Trophy, his 2007 performance earned him the Maxwell Award as the nation’s top football player, the Davey O’Brien Award as the nation’s best quarterback and the James E. Sullivan Award as the nation’s most outstanding amateur athlete in any sport.
In 2008, Tebow led Florida to its second national championship in three years. He was named the offensive MVP of the national championship game.
Tim Tebow is a winner.  He will do anything and everything to win. 
He is no different than Matthew Stafford, or Cam Newton, or any other QB who finds a position in the NFL.  Do you really think it will be any different for Andrew Luck?
 
What our prize possession needs is 75,000 people screaming their lungs out and a team around him that has one goal only.  Not just a game or paycheck, but we have to WIN this game, no matter what.
 
BroncoNation needs to get back to a winning attitude!
Anonymous
I dig Kellen Moore and I think he is going to have a GREAT career. The only problem is his size and arm strength. 
Personally I think size and arm strength is overrated and it’s not like he is some tiny kid with a noodle. Scouts and NFL group think tend to go a different route though and I wouldn’t be shocked to see him fall into round 2.
Unless a GM has some serious cajones, there is no way he will be drafted over Barkley or Jones. Though I personally think he is the second best QB entering the draft (I do give Luck the edge because of size and strength).
flbronc
also, please cite one who doesnt either write for the boise newspaper or coach for boise state.
while i like moore a lot, i have not heard one pundit put him over luck.
King
I agree.  The god known as Elway made many, many mistakes up until 1997-’98.  
The younger fans don’t realize this, for the most part.
Reverendofrock
Actually, us OLD fans also remember a coach named Dan Reeves who had a problem with building an offense around Elway, and using him to the best of his ability.  Sure, there were the “3 Amigos”, as well as others, but it took a guy named Mike Shanahan to finally make things happen.
Danny
whatever, the broncos have been dragging everyone around for years, without giving up on their QB’s even painful for my eyes and not understandable why griese got one chance after the next one, plummer, cutler and then orton ??? if a QB sux’s in chicago , why trade them and take’em in in your team ??? while meanwhile new talent sits on the bench.
orton cant run , can only throw up to the 30y line and thats the end of that, got great stats and is high in the QB rating ?? but cant win a game ??? the guy is done ….time is up for him and maybe TT can get a chance and some time to improve, he got so many headlines and negative feedback, it’s a killer for the kid to live up to everybodies expectations ……and we all know , harder you try worse it gets, more pressure more f…up;s. let him have some fun and back him up and he will be good.
it is clear fans love him , i loved the last game , even with a loss , but it was fun to watch to the end and that’s what it’s all about it in the game right having some fun ?? the rest will come all alone .
AtomicLeo
Indy. Indy looks lost and on their way to the number #1 pick. 
AtomicLeo
We’ll split with KC. Oakland looks legit to me and has a real shot to win the division this year and we’re not beating them at Oakland. Bears are better than us. We’re not beating San Diego in San Diego.
Possible wins this year: 1 K.C., Miami, Vikings and Jets. Two of those (Vikings and Jets) are not gimme games.
AtomicLeo
He’s 5’10″! Too short for a NFL QB.
AtomicLeo
He’s 5’10″! Too short for a NFL QB.
Dan
whoa big boy, you have your orange&blue glasses too tight. Most will say Miami, but Denver never plays well on the EAST coast 50%. Home games Detroit and NE are 10%, Jets  and Bears are 25%, and the last game KC is ‘whats to fight for’. Away games Buf, SD, Oak are 25%, KC and Minn are 35%.
Crystall ball has Dawkins and Champ available 50% and Doom goes easy. Tebow will play well but not show as the franchise.
IMO with current staff, Denver will end 2-14.
Dan
So you think we can stop Adrian Peterson at home, wow
Dan
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy, again with a orange&blue glasses outlook. Kellen Moore is just 6′ and 186lbs. Yes he has a nice delivery. Here again you state many have Moore over Luck, PLEASE give source. NO pundit has Moore in the top 10. I love Kellen and if bye chance Denver does not take a QB in the first then I would love Moore in the 3-4.
Copyright © 2006-2008 BroncoTalk.net , BroncosTalk.net, BroncosAddict.com.
Powered by Wordpress using original Offseason Theme.  Comments by Neoclassical by Pearsonified.
 
