Text size A A A
The quarterback battle between Kyle Orton and Tim Tebow in Denver is so heated LeBron James is offering his opinions .
Fantasy owners simply want new coach John Fox to make a decision before draft season starts, though indications are that Orton will open the season as the starter.
Tim Tebow will likely start the season on the bench, but he could supplant Kyle Orton before the season is over. (AP photo)
But owners prefer Tebow wins the job. Tebow is the more popular pick because of his rushing yards. He averaged 5.3 yards per rushing attempt with six TDs and could be a poor-man's Michael Vick given time.
Orton, however, will likely start Week 1, and that's reflected in the Fantasy Source's QB rankings . It's not all bad; Orton averaged 290.1 passing yards per game with 15 TDs and five interceptions in September the past two seasons.
That was with Josh McDaniels. Fox won't call that many pass plays. For now, treat Orton as a low-end backup and Tebow as a late-round flier. Remember, Tebow can't help fantasy teams while sitting on the bench.
Stock Watch
Braylon Edwards, WR, FA. More legal trouble could be in store after his presence at a bar fight last weekend. Edwards signed with the 49ers on Thursday, however, and perhaps Jim Harbaugh can straighten out a fellow former Wolverine. Edwards remains a third receiver with question marks in standard leagues.
Kevin Kolb, QB, Cardinals. Kolb has another shot at a starting gig in Arizona, and throwing to Larry Fitzgerald and Todd Heap won't hurt. The NFC West is full of lousy pass defenses -- the other teams in the division all ranked 19th or lower in that department in 2010. Kolb could put up some monster games if healthy. Take a shot on Kolb as a backup.
Top Sleepers
Mike Sims-Walker, WR, Rams. Sims-Walker is tied for third among all receivers with 12 TDs in the red zone since '09. Quarterback Sam Bradford and McDaniels likely are well aware of that. Sims-Walker is a sneaky-good bench receiver in fantasy.
Brandon Pettigrew, TE, Lions. Pettigrew's upside in Detroit's pass-first offense is high considering he finished third among tight ends with 71 catches last season. Expect Pettigrew's draft-day price to soar in the preseason.
Position Battles
Ryan Torain vs. Tim Hightower and Roy Helu, Redskins. Torain, the projected starter, will miss at least two weeks with a left wrist injury. That opens the door for Hightower, a newly acquired touchdown poacher. Helu also could wiggle his way into Mike Shanahan's plan. Bottom line: Owners should still favor Torain, but a committee is imminent.
Ryan Grant vs. James Starks, Packers. Starks might have been the postseason hero, but Grant took first-team reps this week. A timeshare is likely, but Grant likely will carry the workload early in the season. Handcuff Grant with Starks to be on the safe side.
Rookie Report
Ryan Williams, RB, Cardinals. With Hightower gone to Washington, Williams has a chance to challenge Beanie Wells for the starting job right away. Williams scored 30 TDs the last two seasons at Virginia Tech. He isn't a household name yet, but could be very soon.
Cam Newton, QB, Panthers. Early indications are the No. 1 pick could start in Week 1. Newton is a gifted athlete, but there is a clear and present danger of fantasy overhype. Treat Vince Young's first-year numbers (2,199 passing yards, 552 rushing yards, 19 total TDs) as a best-case ceiling for Newton, who isn't a fantasy starter yet.
For more great fantasy advice, log in to Fantasy Source !
