NFL Writer
Tebowmania is upon us.
The Denver Broncos announced Tuesday that second-year quarterback Tim Tebow will take over for Kyle Orton as the starting quarterback when the Broncos next play in Week 7.
Related: Tim Tebow Set to Make First Start for Broncos After Bye Week, Gives Team New Dimension on Offense
But can Tebow be successful? Analysts and draft gurus have critiqued Tebow's throwing motion and questioned whether his mechanics will ever improve to the point that he can succeed in an NFL passing game.
At the same time, everyone who has met Tebow acknowledges he has great character and unparalleled leadership instincts. His character has endeared Tebow to fans, even though his NFL accomplishments are scant at this point.
Now, as Tebow emerges as a starter, he tries to prove he can be a winning NFL quarterback. And his best role model is another unconventional former Heisman Trophy winner.
Related: Tim Tebow's Reign in Denver Has Begun After Relieving Kyle Orton in Broncos Loss to Chargers  
No, we're not talking about Carolina Panthers rookie Cam Newton. While Newton was also picked apart by critics in the draft process, he has far more upside than Tebow as a passer. Newton has already shown flashes of that potential in his first five games in Carolina, throwing for 1,610 yards and seven touchdowns while running for five touchdowns.
Tebow has a similar build to Newton, and he's probably Newton's equal (if not better) as a runner. Tebow already has seven career rushing touchdowns, and he is averaging 5.3 yards per carry in his career.
But Tebow won't be able to light up secondaries like Newton has. Tebow completed just 50 percent of his throws last year, and he was just 4-for-10 in his first significant playing time in Week Five. (Newton completes 58 percent of his throws.)
So if Tebow can't be like Newton, who can he be like? The answer is Doug Flutie.
Like Tebow, Flutie was an atypical NFL quarterback. Because of his height (5'10"), Flutie wasn't a typical pocket passer.
As a result, Flutie struggled to get his starting opportunity. In his first four NFL seasons with the Chicago Bears and New England Patriots, Flutie started just 14 games, even though he was 9-5 as a starter.
Then Flutie had to go the Canadian Football League for nearly a decade while waiting for another NFL opportunity. He starred north of the border, winning six CFL Most Outstanding Player honors and three Grey Cup championships.
Finally, Flutie got an opportunity to return to the NFL with the Buffalo Bills in 1998. He became a starter five games into the season and went 7-3 as a starter that season. The next year, Flutie was 10-5 as a starter.
But Flutie's success still didn't ensure he could start. Head coach Wade Phillips replaced Flutie with Rob Johnson for the Bills' playoff opener after the 1999 season, and the Bills lost to the Tennessee Titans in the Music City Miracle game.
Flutie later started for the San Diego Chargers, and over the course of his 12-year career, he started just 66 games despite going 38-28 as a starter. While he was never a scout's or coach's dream at quarterback, Flutie proved he could be a winning NFL quarterback.
Tebow can do the same. He will never be a prototypical NFL passer, but given his intangibles he may be able to pile up wins a la Flutie. That's what the Broncos hope he does now that he has been installed as a starter.
There are no guarantees for Tebow. Even if he succeeds in terms of win-loss record, the Broncos may still look to replace him with a more typical quarterback prospect. A Tebow-led team will never be as pretty or as smooth as a franchise desires.
But Flutie's story shows us that there is hope for Tebow - as long as Denver (or another franchise) decides that a winning record is more important than style points.
Follow National Football Authority on Twitter: @NFAuthority & @RobertNeely
For more NFL coverage, follow @NFA_NFL
And don't forget to like NFA on Facebook too!
Related stories on NFA:
