Chicago Bears' comedy of errors costs them late vs. Broncos
Class is dismissed, Chicago.
Now you know what they already knew in Miami and New York. The people there learned their lesson just as they did in Oakland, San Diego and Minnesota.
And now the people of Chicago know.
There is no antidote for, no potion against Tebow Magic.
Against the Chicago Bears, the Broncos were goners. They were shut out for almost 58 minutes. They were down two scores as the two-minute warning approached.
Yet, the Broncos beat the Bears anyway, 13-10, in overtime Sunday, behind Tebow. The victory moved the Broncos to an improbable position of sole possession of the AFC West lead with an 8-5 record.
"I don't want to give him all the credit," Broncos cornerback Champ Bailey said of Tebow. "But at the same time, he comes through at crunch time every week. Every single week it's like, 'You've got to be kidding me.' It gets to the point where you say, 'What the frickin' is happening here?' "
That's what Chicago needs to know. After his team blew a 10-0 lead with less than three minutes remaining, Bears star middle linebacker Brian Urlacher was asked about Tebow.
"He's a good running back, man," Urlacher said. "He runs the ball well."
By calling Tebow a running back, it would follow that Urlacher was taking a hardly veiled shot at Tebow's ability to play quarterback. In the fourth quarter and overtime, Tebow completed 18-of-24 passes for 191 yards and a touchdown. For the second time this season, his team had zero points and was down two scores with less than three minutes remaining. And for the second time this season, he overcame those seemingly impossible predicaments to lead his team to victory — 18-15 at Miami and Sunday at Sports Authority Field at Mile High against sore loser Urlacher.
Tebow took over a team that was 4-12 last year, 1-4 this season, and has since led them to a 7-1 record. He is on the brink of leading the Broncos to their first playoff appearance in six years. And he still can't get any respect.
"There's no one else I'd rather have the ball in his hands when it counts," Broncos linebacker Von Miller said.
Tebow is not just clutch. He's uncanny. It's eerie how each game seems to fall his way. Bears running back Marion Barber, who otherwise had a splendid game while rushing for 108 yards and a touchdown, had a brain cramp late in regulation when he ran out of bounds to stop the clock. The Broncos had just scored on a touchdown pass from Tebow to Demaryius Thomas to move within 10-7. Barber's blunder led to Denver getting the ball back with 56 seconds of Tebow Time left.
"I don't think it's Tebow Time," Tebow said. "I just think it's Bronco Time, and
Broncos kicker Matt Prater celebrates his 51-yard, game-winning field goal in overtime against the Chicago Bears. More photos from the Broncos vs. Bears game Sunday. (Tim Rasmussen, The Denver Post)
the team steps up."
Well, that's true. Matt Prater was a hero for kicking a 59-yard field goal with three seconds left in regulation to tie it, 10-10, then converted from 51 yards in overtime to win it.
Linebacker Wesley Woodyard was a hero for forcing Barber to fumble as the Bears back was approaching the Broncos' 30-yard line and certain field-goal range for Robbie Gould in overtime. Barber was a goat not only for his overtime fumble, but running out of bounds on the first play after the two-minute warning.
"I might have thanked the Lord when he did that," Tebow said to roaring laughter in his postgame news conference. "That was obviously something where you shouldn't do that. That kept us in it. We probably would
Submit Your Question
Mike Klis tackles readers' questions about the Denver Broncos and NFL.
have had 10 seconds if he stays in bounds? But it's just special. We believe unbelievable things are possible."
With less than three minutes remaining, the Broncos were down 10-0. A scrambling Tebow hit Thomas for a 10-yard touchdown with 2:08 remaining. The Bears recovered the onside kick, but a three-and-out and Barber running out of bounds gave the Broncos a chance.
Tebow hit Matt Willis for a 19-yard gain that gave the Broncos the ball at the Bears' 41 with 30 seconds left.
With a mere 8 seconds left, the Broncos had gone no farther and were left with no choice but to let Prater try a 59-yard field goal. Earlier in the game, a 28-yard field-goal attempt by Prater was blocked.
This time, Prater hammered through the 59-yarder about halfway up the goalposts. Tied game.
In overtime, the Bears were moving. The Broncos' defense, playing most of the game without the injured Brian Dawkins and Andre Goodman, seemed exhausted. As Barber moved inside the Broncos' 35, Woodyard got his hand on the ball and yanked.
Fumble. Elvis Dumervil recovered for the Broncos.
Thomas, now in a groove, made two catches for 10 and 16 yards. The Broncos' drive stalled, but not until Prater was within range. His 51-yard field-goal attempt was true. The Broncos had won their sixth in a row.
"There's something special going on with Tebow," Broncos defensive tackle Brodrick Bunkley said. "He's just got this incredible fire inside him. You can't coach that fire into a guy. He was born with it. And it affects everyone on the sideline. We just follow his lead."
Tebow had a 9.5 passer rating at halftime when the score was 0-0. He was 3-of-16 passing after three quarters. This presumably is what moved Scrooge Urlacher to call Tebow a fine running back.
And Tebow rushed for 49 yards. But it has been since Tebow started playing quarterback that the Broncos have won by scores of 18-15 in overtime, 17-10, 17-13, 16-13 in overtime and now 13-10 in overtime. And they've also won 38-24 and 35-32 too, Mr. Urlacher.
Already, Tebow has five fourth-quarter comeback victories in his eight starts this year, six in his 11-start career.
Any time is Tebow Time. No one should have to tell the people of Chicago. Learn it, Brian Urlacher.
Mike Klis: 303-954-1055, mklis@denverpost.com or twitter@mikeklis
Pass/Fail
Offense
Few style points to go with plenty of fourth-quarter substance as the Broncos went on to their third overtime victory of the season — Tim Tebow threw for 191 of his 236 passing yards in the fourth quarter and overtime.
Defense
Allowed only 245 yards, had four sacks and had one enormous fumble forced by linebacker Wesley Woodyard in overtime to put Tebow and crew in the position for heroics.
Special teams
Despite allowing a field goal to be blocked, their biggest job was to keep Bears returner Devin Hester from tipping this game. Hester got loose just once, and Matt Prater kicked long field goals late in the fourth quarter and in overtime.
Coaching
The move to a no-huddle look on offense late in the game kick-started Tebow and the receivers, and the defense continues to make life difficult for opposing quarterbacks.
Game balls
QB Tim Tebow — Just another comeback victory in a growing pile that left more than few Bears coaches and players shaking their heads afterward.
LB Wesley Woodyard — D.J. Williams forced a fumble in Miami to put Tebow in position for his first comeback victory of the year; Woodyard's forced fumble did it Sunday.
K Matt Prater — Sure, one field-goal attempt was blocked, but he also hit a 59-yarder to tie the game with three seconds left in regulation to go with a 51-yarder for the victory in overtime.
