Preseason Outlook
Report: Tebow behind Sanchez on depth chart: The New York Daily News reports that Mark Sanchez is the Jets' top quarterback on their depth chart and will remain there between now and the start of the season. Tim Tebow , who the Jets acquired this offseason, will be his backup with Greg McElroy the third-string option.
(Updated 06/28/2012)
No information available at this time (Updated 6/29/12).
Fantasy Analysis
Tebow has done most of his offseason work with the Jets' offense along with a smattering of special-teams snaps. The quarterback said he'll embrace any role the Jets give him but after leading the Broncos to the divisional playoffs last season it's clear he wants to throw. The only chance Tebow will have to become Fantasy relevant is if Sanchez struggles or gets hurt. Don't plan on drafting Tebow in the majority of leagues, but he could be someone to add off the waiver wire much like what happened to him during his first two years with the Broncos.
(Updated 06/28/2012).
Broncos WR Demaryius Thomas: 'whole route tree' now in play with Peyton Manning
In April, weeks after the Broncos landed Peyton Manning and unloaded Tim Tebow on the Jets, Denver wide receiver Demaryius Thomas admitted what everybody already knew: Tebow, NFL passer, struggled with accuracy last season. With Manning now under center, however, Thomas admits that route-running takes on a new dimension.
06/27/2012 19:31
Tune in as Jim Rome lets us know what he wants from the Dallas Cowboys, Tim Tebow, Serena Williams and more on "Rome" - Weeknights 6 ET on CBS Sports Network.
06/26/2012 18:58
Tune in as Jim Rome lets us know what he wants from Anthony Davis, LeBron James, Tim Tebow and more on "Rome" - Weeknights 6 ET on CBS Sports Network.
06/26/2012 11:56
NFL Network analyst Michael Lombardi joined the Tim Brando Show to talk about the attempted extortion of Robert Griffin III, Tim Tebow's spot with the New York Jets, and more.
06/26/2012 08:09
Top Impact Rookies for 2012 NFL Season
The NFL welcomes a stout rookie class in the 2012 season. But which rookies will have the biggest impact from a statistical perspective, a game-to-game perspective and a playoff-hunt perspective? Let's break down our Top 10.
Tim Tebow was traded from the Broncos to the Jets this offseason, and he's now expected to be part of a quarterback rotation with Mark Sanchez. The Jets have said they would like to get Tebow about 20 plays a game, and that might not necessarily be all at quarterback. Plans are reportedly in the works to get Tebow time as an H-back, fullback, running back and as a protector on punts. He might be a jack-of-all-trades but it could mean minimal and unpredictable stat production. There's always the chance Tebow beats out Sanchez for the starting job, or simply plays well enough to earn more snaps, but that's tough to figure unless Sanchez falters during the year. That's what happened in 2011 -- Tebow opened the season behind Kyle Orton, got the chance to play and led the Broncos to the playoffs. He had at least 18 Fantasy points in six games with 11 starts and was a star in one playoff victory against the Steelers. But now he has to prove himself again. Tebow should not be drafted in the majority of leagues if he's coming off the bench, but he is someone to monitor. If Sanchez struggles then don't be surprised to see Tebow start. And even in his limited roles he could be a decent source of rushing yards, which could make him worth a late-round pick in leagues that start multiple quarterbacks. (Updated 5/24/12)
 
