11/26/09 - Super Pro Football!
Remember Intellivison?, those graphics were cutting edge. The fight between which system was better..Atari, Intellivision or  Colecovision?           We were the only family on the block who had Intellivison and I had so many games. I remember games were $15.00 per game but back then it seemed like $1000.00.           I still remember the Christmas I got it, I went crazy screamming all excited, but then we couldnt play it till we got back from Church. Uggh, seemed like            600 hours went by before I could play it.
I showed this to my son and he and said "Oh that is cool" with the little "what the hell is that" glimmer in his eye.
Oyyyyyyeeeeeee.
ABOUT TIM TEBOW
Timothy Richard Tebow (born August 14, 1987) is an American football quarterback for the Florida Gators.
He played quarterback for Nease High School in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, where he became a Division I-A recruit and ranked among the top quarterback prospects in the nation. He chose to attend the University of Florida. A dual-threat quarterback who can run and pass, he was used in his freshman season largely as a change-of-pace to the Gators' more traditional pocket passer, Chris Leak.  His contribution as a key reserve helped the Gators win college football's national championship game for the first time since 1996.
A sophomore in 2007, he became the Gators' starting quarterback and has broken Southeastern Conference records for rushing touchdowns and touchdowns accounted for. He also became the first NCAA player to rush and pass for 20 touchdowns in a season.  His performance has made him among the polled favorites for the 2007 Heisman trophy
The fifth child of Bob and Pam Tebow, both of whom are University of Florida graduates, Tim was born on August 14, 1987 in the Philippines, where his parents were serving as Christian missionaries.
All of the Tebow children were homeschooled by their mother who also worked to instill the family's deep religious beliefs along the way. In 1996, legislation was passed in Florida allowing homeschooled students to compete in local high school sporting events. The law specifies that homeschool students may participate on the team of the local school in the county and school district in which they live.  The Tebows lived in Duval County and Tim played linebacker and tight end for Trinity Christian in Jacksonville for one season, but his dream was to play quarterback. Trinity did not pass the ball much and Tim didn't want to hand it off every play, so he began to explore his options. Nease liked to throw the ball and Coach Craig Howard was known for his passing offense so Tim and his mother moved in to an apartment down the street from the Nease High School in St. Johns County. With the rest of his family living on a farm in Jacksonville, Tim began playing quarterback for Nease High School in Ponte Vedra Beach and his performance soon began to turn some heads which even led to a minor controversy over him being a homeschooled student.
As a junior, Tebow's stock rose as he became a high profile, highly recruited major college quarterback prospect. The 6'3", 225 lb (1.91 m, 102 kg) quarterback continued to impress during his senior season, leading the Nease Panthers to a state title, earning All-State honors, was named Florida's Mr. Football and a Parade All-American. Tebow finished his high school career with 9,810 passing yards, 3,186 rushing yards, 95 passing touchdowns and 62 rushing touchdowns. He played in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl Game in San Antonio, Texas which features the top 78 senior high school football players in the nation and is shown nationally on NBC television.
Despite having parental and sibling ties to the University of Florida, he remained open-minded during the recruiting process and became very close to Alabama coach Mike Shula.  However, after careful consideration and much deliberation, he decided to play for the team he felt best suited his skills and style of play.  Tebow chose to play for Urban Meyer's Florida Gators, who employ a similar "spread option" offense that he excelled in at Nease High School.
Tebow was considered one of the nation's top recruits and was the subject of an ESPN "Faces in Sports" documentary. The segment was titled "Tim Tebow: The Chosen One", and focused on Tim's homeschool controversy and missionary work in the Philippines, as well as his exploits on the field of play and the college recruiting process. Tim Tebow was also featured in Sports Illustrated on the "Faces in the Crowd" page. On January 7, 2007, Tebow was featured prominently in an ESPN "Outside The Lines" feature on homeschooled athletes seeking equal access to high school athletics in other states. In fact, his popularity inspired "equal access" supporters in Alabama to name their bill in the Alabama Legislature "The Tim Tebow Bill".  The bill, which is pending in the Alabama Legislature, will allow Alabama home school athletes to play for their local high school teams just as Tebow did in Florida.
In Florida's 2006 "Orange and Blue" Spring scrimmage, he completed 15 of 21 pass attempts for 197 yards and one touchdown. After the game, some Gator fans suggested that Tebow could be named the starting quarterback over then starter Chris Leak. Coach Urban Meyer later said that despite Tebow's impressive performance, Leak would remain the starting quarterback.  Prior to the 2006 season, Tebow was listed by Sports Illustrated as college football's future top mobile quarterback.
Coming off the bench behind senior quarterback Chris Leak, Tebow made his college debut in a goal line situation against Southern Miss, rushing for a touchdown on a designed quarterback scramble. He led the team in rushing in the next game, against UCF, and finished 2006 as the Gators' second-highest season rushing leader.
He made his SEC debut against the Tennessee Volunteers on September 16, 2006. His performance included a ten-yard run on his first carry and converting a critical fourth down near the end of the game.
Tebow's biggest game in the season came against the LSU Tigers on October 7, 2006, where he accounted for all three of the Gators' touchdowns, passing for two and rushing for another. Tebow had a one-yard run on the goal line for his first score, a one-yard "jump pass" to tight end Tate Casey, in which he jumped in the air and double-pumped his arm before releasing the ball, and a 35-yard play-action pass to wide receiver Louis Murphy.
Tebow played a role in the Gators' victory in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game against Ohio State. He threw for one touchdown and rushed for another, finishing with 39 rushing yards.
Tebow was named as one of the "Breakout Players of 2007" for college football by Sporting News , and will start at quarterback for the Florida Gators in the 2007 season.  The Gators' offense in 2007 should be similar to what Urban Meyer used at Utah, since Meyer views Tebow as "very similar to Alex Smith." Smith was quarterback for Meyer's last team at Utah in 2004, which became the first team from outside the BCS conferences to play in and win a BCS bowl game, and went on to be the top overall pick in the 2005 NFL Draft.
There were some questions about how he would perform as a full time passer,  but he opened the year 13-of-17 for 300 yards and 3 touchdowns in his starting debut against Western Kentucky University.  For the season, Tebow is currently 217-317 for 3132 yards and 29 touchdowns passing—second in the nation with 177.8 passing efficiency—with an additional 194 rushes for 838 yards and 22 touchdowns on the ground through 11 games.
In week 4 of the season, when the Gators faced Ole Miss in an SEC match-up, Tebow broke the school record for rushing yards by a quarterback in one game, with 166 yards.
On November 3, against Vanderbilt, Tebow rushed for 2 touchdowns to break the all-time SEC quarterback TD record in a single season.
On November 10, Tebow broke the school record for rushing touchdowns in a season and set a career high with 5 rushing touchdowns in a game versus the South Carolina Gamecocks. This brought his season total to 19 rushing touchdowns, which tied him for the SEC record for any player in a season (shared with Shaun Alexander, Garrison Hearst, and LaBrandon Toefield). He also broke Danny Wuerffel's conference record for touchdowns accounted for in a single season with 42.
After scoring his 20th rushing touchdown against Florida Atlantic on November 17 and setting a new conference record for rushing touchdowns, he also became the only person ever in NCAA history to score 20 touchdowns rushing and 20 touchdowns passing in the same season
Tim Tebow Continues to Make History
CSTV joined Tim and the Tebow family for the Heisman hoopla.
Heisman Trophy
Heisman Trophy           On December 8, 2007, Tim Tebow was awarded the Heisman Trophy, finishing ahead of Arkansas's Darren McFadden, Hawaii's Colt Brennan, and Missouri's Chase Daniel. He is the only underclassman to have ever won the Heisman Trophy. He garnered 462 first place votes and 1957 points, 254 points ahead of runner-up Arkansas running back Darren McFadden. He finished the regular season as the only player in FBS history to rush and pass for at least 20 touchdowns in both categories in the same season. He had 32 passing touchdowns, and 23 rushing touchdowns. Tebow's rushing TD total in the 2007 season is the most recorded for any position in SEC history.  The total also set the record for most rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in FBS history. Tebow became the third UF player to win the Heisman Trophy, joining Steve Spurrier and Danny Wuerffel. Coincidentally, all three of Florida's Heisman trophy winning quarterbacks were sons of ministers?
Tim Tebow - Story & 2007 Heisman Trophy Speech
This is a video I compiled of Tim Tebow's miraculous story, the son of missionaries in the Philippines whose mother almost died and Tim almost died several times. I also included the ESPN coverage of the ceremony and acceptance speech. Everyone loves this remarkable young man! Go Gators!
2008
Before the 2007 season had even come to a close, Florida coach Urban Meyer stated that he would likely use 2 quarterbacks during the 2008 season to take some of the workload off of Tebow's shoulders. Tebow led the Gators in rushing in 2007 but also had to play through a bruised shoulder and broken non-throwing hand           If you want to check out some Gators games you can order Florida Gators tickets for both Football and Basketball .
On the Field with Tim Tebow
Tracy Wolfson speaks with Tim Tebow after the star QB led his Florida squad to a 31-20 victory over the Crimson Tide to secure the SEC Championship.
12/07/08
Tim Tebow threw three touchdown passes — including the decisive score with just under 3 minutes remaining — to lead the No. 2 Gators to a 31-20 victory over No. 1 Alabama in the Southeastern Conference championship game on Saturday. That should be enough to give Florida a spot in the BCS title game for the second time in three years.            While looking around the web we found the cheapest BCS Championship tickets here, there prices were cheaper then Stubhub. Lets go Gators.
Tebow has led the Gators to a 12-1 record in 2008. After clinching the Southeastern Conference Eastern Division title, the team played for and won the SEC title in the 2008 SEC Championship Game against the Alabama Crimson Tide. The win secured the #2 ranking in the final BCS standings, which earned the Gators the chance to play the #1-ranked Oklahoma Sooners in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game. On December 13, 2008, Tim Tebow finished third in the 2008 Heisman Trophy voting with Oklahoma's Sam Bradford taking the top spot followed by Texas' Colt McCoy, despite Tebow receiving the most first-place votes.  Tim Tebow also won the Maxwell Award in 2008, becoming only the second player to win the award twice
Tim Tebow Man of God
Other Tim Tebow Fans:
Mr. Tebow,
I watched the Gators game against Oklahoma until the score was 13-7 and I saw the John 3:16 under your eyes.  Then I read a little about you.  I admire the example you set in your stardom!  Keep going.
Michael.
Thank you for being a wonderful example, may the Lord richly bless all your endeavors!
God Bless,
Tom & Suzanne
Dear Tim,
Thank you for your great passion for Jesus, along with a great football play. God bless you and be continue as champion for Him.
George,
Yukon
Great show of your faith.  Congrats on your victory...and know it is already won with God!
Richard French
Just wanted to say Congrats, and God Bless on being such a fine young man.  I wish you all the prayers and blessings in this world.  On and off the field may God always keep you in the palm of his hand.
Sincerely,
Sheryl
Please note we are not affiliated with Tim Tebow or the official site of Tim Tebow and we are only a fan site.
Reading this website constitutes agreement with this Legal Disclaimer .
