Editorial Reviews
Amazon.com
Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow's 2011 NFL campaign was one of the most closely scrutinized (and over-analyzed) seasons by any athlete in any sport. Yet surprisingly, the fact that Tim Tebow: Everything In Between, a 60-minute documentary chronicling the roughly four-month stretch between the end of his college career and the 2010 NFL draft, was in the can long before his breakout pro season doesn't make it any less interesting; in fact, the reverse may be true, as Tebow, having completed two seasons in Denver, now has real game experience against which all the speculation and predictions heard in the film can be measured. A three-time All American, Heisman trophy winner, and two-time national champion at the University of Florida, Tebow was regarded by many as the greatest college player ever. But far fewer thought he'd make a good pro. As we follow him (accompanied by his family and other members of "Team Tebow") through the process of selecting an agent, preparing for the Senior Bowl, his relentless training regimen (also detailed in a 10-minute bonus feature), and his tryout for pro scouts, the suggestions that he was adept at running the option style offense in college but lacks the mechanics and passing ability to succeed in the NFL never stop; the discussions about his faith, including a controversial pro-life ad paid for by the Christian group Focus on the Family aired during the Super Bowl, are also prominent. Through it all, Tebow comes off as humble, likeable (and boy, the fans really like him), and an incredibly hard worker. And when draft day arrives in April 2010, the Broncos surprise everyone by picking him in the first round. That's where the documentary ends. But as football fans know, when he became a starter in his second year, the team adapted its style to him, not vice versa, and he led them to some remarkable victories that only reinforced the notion that Tebow has the charisma and leadership skills to make an impact in the league. It's a safe guess that we'll learn about all of that in the next Tim Tebow documentary. --Sam Graham
Product Description
An unprecedented in-depth look at the most celebrated college football player of all time , follow Tim Tebow as he trains and prepares for the ultimate personal and professional transition. Harnessing sheer determination and faith, Tebow defies the odds and astounds critics as he makes the journey from two-time national champion and Heisman trophy winner to NFL rookie quarterback.
Customer Reviews
