                        "Every Child.  Every Opportunity."
 
Welcome!  We are a group of citizens of the great state of Alabama lobbying     for our state public education establishment to allow homeschooled     students equal access to sports and extracurricular activities.  Legislation which would provide this access has been introduced into     the Alabama Legislature.  This effort began in 2005.  Legislation was then submitted in 2006 in the Alabama Senate and     House of Representatives.
In 2011 the bill is being sponsored by Senator     Shad McGill as Senate Bill 334.  The bill is also being     co-sponsored by Senators Brewbaker, Glover, Reed, and Waggoner!
We are     deeply appreciative for the outstanding legislators who are willing to help our students and schools by sponsoring this     legislation.
Our bill derives it's     name from Tim Tebow (with his family's permission).  Tim has     attained the highest level of success of any football player in     history at this point in his career.  He was a homeschooled student     who played football for a public high school team in Florida, led     Neese High School to the 2005 state championship and played in 2006     as a true freshman on the National Championship Florida Gators team.     As the Gators' starting quarterback in 2007, Tim lead his team to a     very successful season.  For his performance and character, Tim,     in addition to the Heisman Trophy, also earned the Maxwell Award as     the nation's top football player, the Davey O'Brien Award as the     nation's best quarterback, and the James E. Sullivan Award as the     nation's most outstanding amateur athlete in any sport.
Also, 24 other states support     some form of equal access for homeschoolers. It is time for Alabama     to step up and support our hard-working homeschool educators, students,     and student-athletes as well.  We are urging the House and Senate Education     Committees to bring these bills out of committee so that a full vote     can be taken in the legislature.  The passage of this law will not     only benefit homeschool athletes and musicians, but it will also     benefit the entire system of education in Alabama.  The ultimate     goal of any educational system should be to provide the services     needed for all students to have a well rounded education.  Extracurricular activities are one of those services, beyond     academics, that help today’s children learn the skills they will     need to be tomorrow’s leaders.  USA Today said in a 2003 article that supporting homeschool choices “benefits children, their     parents AND LOCAL SCHOOL DISTRICTS.” 
Please join us today in our     effort to make the future a better place for all students in     Alabama! 
Please call and write the House     and Senate Education Committee members today! 
Also,     encourage your local public or private high school Alabama High     School Athletic Association representative to propose a "rule     change" to the AHSAA board which would permit homeschooled athletes     in their district to participate in the community's school athletic     programs.
Alabama State Motto:  Audemus jura nostra defendere!   (We dare defend     our rights!)
 
