Tim Tebow: No Girlfriend, But Plenty Of Options
Friday, January 13, 2012 8:27 am
Print
Tim Tebow has no problem meeting women. Finding the right one? That's a different story altogether.
In an in-depth interview with Jon Saraceno of USA Today , Tebow denied one widespread rumor about his love life and opened up about life in the cocoon.
First, the rumor: Tebow denied to USA Today that he's romantically linked to Olympic skier Lindsey Vonn, who famously Tebowed last year after a competition. Vonn is a family friend, Tebow said, who he met at the ESPYs.
As for the other ladies, Tebow told the national newspaper he is "too busy with football and life" for a girlfriend and "it's hard."
When pressed for more information, Tebow changed the subject.
There are, of course, plenty of opportunities. Many women want to be Mrs. Tebow. (And many football-crazed dads want their daughters to be the next Mrs. Tebow.) But the Florida native, who tries very hard to be polite and humble, struggles to be nice without being too nice.
"I always want to be very careful about that," he said. "That is one thing that's a little frustrating."
Tebow relies on his support group for friendship and protection.
"I am blessed to have a close-knit (group) around me," he told Saraceno. "I'm not out there doing a lot of things. I guess it is one of the frustrating things where I am (in life). I love meeting and talking with people, socializing and hanging out. But people can read it the wrong way."
So for now, Tebow said, he's single. He devotes his spare time to discussions with his Florida pastor and reaching out to the sick and less fortunate. He doesn't even drink, because he's worried kids will use that as an excuse to try alcohol.
ThePostGame brings you the most interesting sports stories on the web.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to read them first!
But Tebow does allow himself one vice.
"Love ice cream," he told USA Today. "I let myself have that about once a week. Vanilla."
POPULAR STORIES ON THEPOSTGAME
