4 Rants
Tim Tebow is a unique NFL quarterback . He doesn’t play the position in a normal, conventional way, but he gets the ball in the end zone and makes winning plays. That’s all you want from a quarterback.
His stats aren’t pretty, but his style of play works. Tebow was 4-of-10 passing yesterday, which isn’t very good, but it was the difference in the play of the entire Denver Broncos team that was encouraging. 
The Broncos looked more energized and scored more points with Tebow than they would have with Kyle Orton late in the game Sunday against the San Diego Chargers.
Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton was the No. 1 overall pick in the 2011 NFL draft, and his dynamic pass/run style of play is similar to Tebow’s.
Tebow will be a better quarterback than Cam Newton in the NFL, and it’s because Tebow has a better skill set.
Tebow is like Ben Roethlisberger in that he can keep plays alive when the pocket collapses, and he can make great throws on the run when being chased. 
While he can’t throw the ball as accurately as Big Ben, he’s a much better runner than Ben and Newton. Tebow is more of a threat in the open field than any quarterback, maybe even more so than Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick.
Tebow not only has great speed and vision while running outside the pocket, his 250-pound frame is tough to tackle.
At Florida, where he had one of the greatest and most successful college football careers ever, Tebow played a physical style of quarterback and did not suffer many injuries.
 Unlike Vick, Tebow could play a running style of quarterback and take big hits and not get hurt often. Vick is too small to be taking as many hits as Tebow can.
Newton doesn’t have the speed to be able to make NFL defensive players miss; he may have the size to make himself tough to tackle, but he doesn’t have Tebow’s combination of size and speed.
Newton’s passing ability isn’t that much better than Tebow’s, and when Tim gets more and more reps as a starting quarterback, his throwing mechanics and accuracy will improve.
All in all, Tebow has more potential than Newton, and he has more skills that can hurt opposing defense, many of which are hard to game-plan for.
Tebow will not only be better than Cam Newton in his career, he will be a winning quarterback for a long time.
Tebow adds a spark to his teammates, which is something few players can do. The fans love him, they want him to play.
Tim Tebow will be the Broncos’ starting quarterback for a long time and will give the fans many more reasons to be excited.
