Bob Tebow Evangelistic Association - About the Tebow Family
Tebow Family
Bob, Pam, Joey, Christy, Gannon, Katie, Robby, Peter, Timmy,  Claire, Abby   and Joe
Photo by: Deanna Clement with www.socialshutterfly.com
Robert R. Tebow II (Bob)
Bob and Pam Tebow were married in the summer of 1971.  They have five children.  Their daughters are Christy, who is married to Joey Allen (daughter Claire and son Joey IV), and Katie, who is married to Gannon Shepherd (daughters Abigail and Riley). Their three sons are Robby, Peter, and Timmy.
Bob received his B.S. degree in Health and Human Performance from the University of Florida (1971).  In 1966, he helped start the University of Florida chapter of Campus Crusade for Christ.  Upon graduation, Bob married Pam and they moved to Portland, Oregon to begin seminary.  He graduated from Western Seminary with M.Div and Th.M. degrees in 1974 and 1976.
Following seminary, Bob and his family moved back to Northeast Florida where Bob became the Area Representative for the Fellowship of Christian Athletes (1976-1979).  He went on to be the Associate Pastor for Southside Baptist Church (1979-1982) before becoming the Senior Pastor for Cornerstone Community Church (1982-1985).  While at Cornerstone Community Church, Bob and Pam felt the call to be missionaries to the Philippines.  Bob and his then family of six packed-up and moved to the Philippines in 1985.  This was the birth of the Bob Tebow Evangelistic Association.  BTEA was founded on the following five priorities:
Evangelism – BTEA employs 50 full-time Filipino evangelists.  Each evangelist is assigned to a specific province in the Philippines where they conduct evangelistic film showings in barangays in their assigned province.  Many of the evangelists on our staff also pastor a church.
Church Planting – BTEA has worked with thousands of Filipino churches to plant additional churches.
Pastor Training – BTEA hosts periodic conferences in several Asian countries to train pastors and local people on how to share their faith with the people of their country.
Training the Next Generation – BTEA has exposed more than 1,000 young people and adults to the mission field through yearly summer mission trips to the Philippines.
Orphanage – BTEA founded Uncle Dick’s Home, a loving Christian home for orphans in the Philippines.  Our orphanage is run by Filipino staff members Bert and Ray Gauran.
While the Tebows still lived in the Philippines, the Lord gave them their fifth child.  After several years of ministry in the Philippines, the family moved back to the United States in the early 90’s.   Bob continues to make regular trips to the Philippines and other  Southeast Asian countries where he is involved in missionary work.
Pam Tebow
As the daughter of an army colonel, Pam Tebow lived all over the world until she was seventeen, when she entered the University of Florida.  She graduated with honors from the College of Journalism and Communications at UF.  While in college, Pam met Bob, and they were married upon graduation in 1971.  The Tebows have five children, two sons-in-law, three granddaughters, and one grandson.  Each of the children and their spouses are active in various ministries!
Pam and Bob have been called “homeschool pioneers.” They began homeschooling in 1982, when “homeschool” was not yet a word.  All five of their children were homeschooled from kindergarten through high school, and every one of them received college scholarships.
The Tebows lived for a number of years as missionaries in the Philippines, where Bob continues to have an ongoing ministry, the Bob Tebow Evangelistic Association. BTEA supports 50 nationals, who preach the gospel throughout the Philippines and stimulate church planting.  Through the preaching of the national evangelists and the Americans who accompany Bob on numerous mission trips, over one million people a year are professing their faith in Jesus Christ.  Bob and Pam also run an orphanage (Uncle Dick’s Home) in the Philippines, which has been home to scores of orphans since 1992.  Pam is very involved in her husband’s ministry and coordinates numerous projects and personnel.
Pam enjoys speaking for women’s groups, nonprofit fundraisers, and various events in many cities across the country, and is currently writing a book on parenting.  The notoriety of the Tebow family increased when their youngest son won the Heisman Trophy following his sophomore football season with the Florida Gators.  Because ESPN aired the portion of the interview with Pam that focused on her refusal to abort “Timmy” when she was advised to do so, she has been given a national platform to encourage the pro-life message.  In 2010, Pam and Tim were in a Super Bowl commercial that celebrated family and life, which, according to a Barna survey, resulted in 5.5 million people “having cause to rethink their stand on abortion.” Pam is also passionate about encouraging women to trust the Lord with all their hearts for all their lives and to use the incredible influence God has given them to eternally impact their world.
Click here to read an Article in the "Florida Baptist Witness" About Pam Tebow
Joey and Christy Allen
Christy, the Tebow’s first born, attended     Jacksonville University on a music scholarship and graduated in 1998     with a Bachelor of Music Education degree, and then earned a Th.M.     from Dallas Theological Seminary in 2004. 
Joey earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree with     a concentration in Graphic Design from the University of Georgia and     a Th.M. from Dallas Theological Seminary.
Christy and Joey were married June 21,     2003.  They have two children, Claire and Joey IV.  In 2005, Joey     and Christy wrote and illustrated a series of four children’s books     entitled, Big Thoughts for Little Thinkers, published by New     Leaf Press ( http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=big+thoughts+for+little+thinkers+joey+allen&x=0&y=0 ).  They     have also written and illustrated a gospel tract called Welcome     to Heaven published by EvanTell. . Click here to view "Welcome to Heaven".  This tract is available     in more than 10 languages.
Currently, the Allens live in South Asia,     laboring to improve the physical and spiritual lives of some of the     most neglected people in the world.  They welcome your prayers for     their work.
Gannon and Katie Shepherd
Katie is the second-born child in the Tebow family.  She lives in Atlanta, Georgia with her husband, Gannon, and their daughters, Abby and Riley. Gannon works as a corporate real estate advisor with Jones Lang LaSalle Americas. Gannon enjoyed a successful football career as a defensive end at Duke University and as an offensive tackle with five franchises of the National Football League.
Katie left a six-year career in sales with ADP to be a mom when their daughter was born.  She is now able to work from home for the same company.  Katie graduated from the University of Florida with a major in Public Relations and a minor in Sport Management.  The Shepherds currently live in Buckhead and attend Buckhead Church.
Robby Tebow
Robby is the Tebow’s third child and oldest son. Robby was a three-sport athlete at Trinity Christian Academy where he was 1st team all-state in football in 1999 and 2000 as well as 1st team all-state in baseball and 2000 Parade All-American as an outfielder.
After high school graduation, Robby went to Carson Newman College on a football scholarship. He was a four-year starter at outside linebacker and received All-Conference for his performance. In addition to playing on the football team, he played baseball for Carson Newman. He graduated in 2004 with a degree in Health and Human Performance. That same year, he became a Graduate Assistant at the college and was the outside linebackers coach.
In 2005, Robby became the Northeast Florida Area Director for the Fellowship of Christian Athletes, a position he held for four years. He is currently serving as the Executive Director of the Tim Tebow Foundation and handling all of Tim's off-the field activities.
Peter Tebow
Peter graduated from the University of Florida in May 2008 with a degree in Computer Science Engineering and a minor in Business Administration.  He graduated from UF with honors, while being involved in leadership with Campus Crusade for Christ and several intramural sports.
Following graduation, Peter joined the staff of Campus Crusade for Christ at UF.  He helps lead the largest student organization on a campus of 50,000 students.  Campus Crusade’s purpose is to reach the entire campus with the gospel of Jesus.
Peter spent the entire summer of 2009 in Asia, leading students on short-term mission trips.  The first part of the summer involved a project with Campus Crusade for Christ.  He spent the last five weeks of the summer helping his dad lead a mission trip in the Philippines with 102 people on the team.  He has ministered in the Philippines with his dad for ten summers and plans to do more mission work in East Asia.
In the fall, Peter will be attending graduate school to purse a Master’s of Divinity.  His plan is to stay involved in mission work overseas during this time.
Timmy Tebow
Tim Tebow in the youngest of the Tebow children.  He was born in Manila, Philippines to missionary parents Bob and Pam Tebow.  When Tim was three, his family moved back to Florida.  All of the Tebow children have been involved in the summer mission trips to the Philippines. The highlight of Tim’s mission trips was preaching in a school of 10,000 high school students in Digos, Mindanao.
Athletics are also a big part of Tim’s life.  When he was five years old, he begged to play organized sports like his two big brothers, and he has been enthusiastic about athletic competition ever since. In high school, he played football, basketball, and baseball and received numerous county and state awards for each sport.  Although Timmy played athletics at Nease High School, he did not actually attend classes there. Like his other siblings, he was home schooled until college. The Tebows planned each child’s schooling around their family values, character training, and the individual’s learning style, interests, and goals.
Tim began receiving national attention through write-ups in Sports Illustrated where he was featured as the All-American high school quarterback through the ESPN broadcast of his August 27th game against Hoover High School, and through his selection as an Elite 11 quarterback. He was also featured in multiple publications and on television, and through the highly visible world of college recruiting. A documentary about Tim was also played on ESPN. As a high schooler, Tim set state records for total yards in a season and the most passing yards in a single season.  He scored 71 touchdowns.  If you ask him, Tim will credit the Lord, his family, his coaches, and his teammates for his success.
Timplayed four years of football with the Florida Gators, with three as the starting quarterback. During his time at Florida, he received many awards including the 2007 Heisman trophy. In December 2009, Tim graduated with honors from the University of Florida with a degree in Family, Youth, and Community Sciences.
While at the University of Florida, Tim led fellow college students in Bible studies each week, and he desires to remain involved in ministry in the future. Tim’s faith is the driving force in his life, and he is acutely aware that "to whom much is given, much is required." He keeps a poem in his room that reminds him of an athlete’s accountability to be a role model for the little boys who want to be just like him.
Two adjectives often used to describe Tim are "competitive" and "kind." He has grown-up in a close but highly competitive family and is known for his competitiveness on the athletic field. He is also unusually tenderhearted and kind, as evidenced by the fact that he chooses to spend time with the orphans at his dad’s orphanage, greet young fans, and visit sick children in the hospital.
Although football is important to Tim, his priorities that precede football are faith, family, and academics. A verse from the Bible that he often quotes is Philippians 4:13, which credits the true source of his strength, "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." Tim loves football but knows that his career will end someday. His relationship with Jesus Christ, however, will never end. Tim’s brother-in-law wrote and illustrated a children’s tract that is applicable for anyone of any age, and it explains how you can have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. You can find this tract by clicking "Good News for You!" It is our hope that you take the time to read it and consider the significance of a personal relationship with Christ.
Tim recently launched the Tim Tebow Foundation ( www.timtebowfoundation.org ). The Tim Tebow Foundation exists to bring faith, hope and love to those needing a brighter day in their darkest hour of need.
The following are Bible verses that Tim wore on his “eye black” during his collegiate career:
2008 Season: Philippians 4:13 – I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
2008 National Championship: John 3:16 – For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.
Charleston Southern: Proverbs 3:5-6 - Trust in the LORD with all your heart and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight.
Troy: Mark 8:36 - For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world, and forfeit his soul?
Tennessee: Romans 8:28 - And we know that God causes all things to work together for good to those who love God, to those who are called according to His purpose.
Kentucky: Isaiah 40:31 - Yet those who wait for the Lord will gain new strength; they will mount up with wings like eagles, they will run and not get tired, they will walk and not become weary.
LSU: Thessalonians 5:18 - In everything give thanks; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.
Arkansas: Psalms 23:1 - The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Mississippi State: Ephesians 4:32 - Be kind to one another, tender-hearted, forgiving each other, just as God in Christ also has forgiven you.
Georgia: Philippians 4:6-7 - Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God.  And the peace of God, which surpasses all comprehension, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.”
Vanderbilt: Colossians 3:23 - Whatever you do, do your work heartily, as for the Lord rather than for men.
South Carolina: Joshua 1:8-9 - This book of the law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it; for then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have success. Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous! Do not tremble or be dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.
Florida International: Romans 1:16 - For I am not ashamed of the gospel, for it is the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes, to the Jew first and also to the Greek.
Florida State: Hebrews 12:1-2 - Therefore, since we have so great a cloud of witnesses surrounding us, let us also lay aside every encumbrance and the sin which so easily entangles us, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, fixing our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
SEC Championship: John 16:33 - These things I have spoken to you, so that in Me you may have peace.  In the world you have tribulation, but take courage; I have overcome the world.
Sugar Bowl: Ephesians 2:8-10 - For by grace you have been saved through faith; and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God; not as a result of works, so that no one may boast.  For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand so that we would walk in them.
Senior Bowl: James 1:2-4 - Consider it all joy, my brethren, when you encounter various trials, knowing that the testing of your faith produces endurance. And let endurance have it's perfect result, so that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.
