Is Tim Tebow Playing Football Or Bringing Revival?
Something is happening in the Mile High city of Denver
“That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of [things] in heaven, and [things] in earth, and [things] under the earth; And [that] every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ [is] Lord, to the glory of God the Father.” Phillipians 2:10,11
I saw something on televsion last night, that in all of my years of watching professional football I have never seen. Last night during Denver’s miracle win against the Jets, and immediately following the game, I watched a movement of the Holy Spirit of the God of Israel. Right there on the field.
I know we live in a cynical world. We have seen it all, done it all, won it all, lost it all. We are a people who are not easily impressed anymore. It is fashionable for athletes and movie stars to win the game or receive the award, and start the “I just want to thank Jesus” speech. Most of the time it fails to ring true. We usually see people who don’t live a Godly life, thanking God for His blessing, and paying what amounts to mostly lip service. Our ears have grown numb to it, for the most part we have stopped listening.
Then someone like Tim Tebow shows up, and everything changes.
By now, we all know his story . When his mom was pregnant with him, complications arose and she was urged, at the risk of her own life, to not bring the baby to term, but to abort it. She chose to trust God, and Tim Tebow was born. He was raised by Godly, Christian parents, and along the way rose to fame as a college football player in Florida. He seemed to be the Next Big Sure Thing. Then he got to the NFL and hit a brick wall that was wrapped in concrete, and reinforced with re-bar. Everything came to a grinding halt.
Drafted to the Denver Broncos by a coach who then got fired, Tim Tebow seem banished to the Phantom Zone behind quarterback Kyle Orton. Then Orton imploded, and John Elway was forced to use Tebow. Only problem is Tebow is extremely shaky as a passer, with a 44% completion rating. Everyone in the league “knows it”. Even his own coach says it.  But a funny thing happened on the way to “what everybody knew” would happen – Tebow is on one, wild hot streak, and winning like crazy. Huh?..how does that happen?
But this is not an article about football, this is an article about the Holy Spirit.
When was the last time you saw players from both teams on their knees in prayer right after the game?
Tim Tebow is a lot of things. He is a football star, he is a son, he is a virgin , but most importantly he is not ashamed of the testimony of a life lived for Jesus Christ, his Saviour. He is a Christian in the biblical sense of the word. Not paying mere lip service, but backing up his words with the actions of a life being lived for God. He has brought the Lord he has served all his life along with him to the 50 yard line, and the world all of a sudden is getting a dose of the old-fashioned Gospel . God can be funny like that.
It may be too early to tell, but it looks to me like God is sending the beginning glimmers of spiritual revival. After the game was over, players from both teams went on the field, and in full view of millions of football fans glued to their sets, they kneeled and gave real thanks to the Holy God of Israel. (see above photo). When was the last time you saw that happen?
As I watched last night’s game, I didn’t so much see a contest as I did a leading of the Holy Spirit, parting the Red Sea of opposition in a way that can only be described as miracolous, In the end it wasn’t even about the victory, it was about giving God the glory. It was a most unusual game. Maybe God is getting ready to remind people what Sunday is really for. Maybe it’s time to put down the beer, take a knee and get saved . Only time will tell…
But something is happening in Denver, and it’s not about football.
Stay tuned….
