from washingtonpost.com
How big a deal was it when Tim Tebow threw an 80-yard touchdown pass on the first play of overtime to send the Denver Broncos to a game next week against the New England Patriots?
It was so big that even Lady Gaga tweeted about it (with a bleep). So did some of Tebow’s former opponents, athletes and others.
PS – Ill be making some massive changes on the site in the next week or so. I may also take the site offline after the season. Im moving the site to my own host. its going to take awhile, especially with all the pics and stuff, but it will mean no downtime and a lot cleaner site. So its all for the better.
Post by Nicki on January 9th, 2012, Review? (0) , Tags: Media , Photos , Tim
Quarterback Tim Tebow talks to the press after throwing for 316 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner, in Denver’s 29-23 AFC Wild Card win over Pittsburgh.
Click HERE to watch the presser
Post by Nicki on January 9th, 2012, Review? (0) , Tags: Site news
I decided to make a new layout for the gallery. im kinda proud of the layout. Click the preview to view the gallery
Post by Nicki on January 9th, 2012, Review? (0) , Tags: Broncos , Match Photos , Photos , Tim
So far i have found 138 pics of Tim from todays game. I have added a separate album to the gallery for ease. Click the thumbnails to view all of them
Post by Nicki on January 9th, 2012, Review? (0) , Tags: Site news
Just wanted to post something here in regards to using photos that are posted on the site. Its been bought to my attention that people have been taking some of these photos and using them elsewhere. Most of the time you will see photos (esopecially match photos) that are tagged with life.com I dont care about those as they are open source and anyone can use them. There are some photos tho that i have actually paid for the right to use. so i do not appreciate people, not only taking photos, but claiming them as there own. Now, i do understand that im not the only person who can purchase these photos, BUT when i do know that when i do purchase them and download the photos they have my username in the filename. so i do know when u do steal my photos. All it takes is a quick second to as if you can use them and a link to where you are using them and i will say yes.
Speaking of which i will be uploading pics to the site when i get home.
