Getty Images More Tim Tebow pics
Why is He famous
Ever since taking over as starting quarterback for the Denver Broncos, Tim Tebow has polarized, mesmerized and confounded both casual fans of the sport and the thousands of experts who make a living endlessly dissecting every single down in every single football game broadcast by the NFL. Because of his unconventional throwing motion, no one ever expected the Heisman trophy winner to make it as a starter in the pass-heavy NFL . But against all odds, Tebow has willed his team to the top of their division with a string of remarkable comebacks that simply defy logic. To add fuel to the fire, the devout Christian wears his religious beliefs on his sleeve and is often seen praying during games, a fact that has angered those who believe religion has no place on the football field. Still, if Tebow continues to win, especially in such dramatic fashion, we may very be witnessing the birth of a legend.
Tim Tebow Quote
" I don’t believe it’s the will to win.  It’s the will to prepare. If you wake up early, stay late, grind, those 14 games will come easy to you."
82 Magnetism
Technically, Tim Tebow -- who’s been a star quarterback since high school and who looks like a pop star on steroids -- should be getting more tail than the cast of Ocean’s Eleven combined. But he’s not. You see, Tim Tebow is that rare breed in the testosterone-fueled world of professional sports. A nonexistent breed, really. Tim Tebow is a virgin. The devout Christian has been asked repeatedly about his sexual practices, and without flinching, the determinedly conservative quarterback has admitted that he is in fact saving himself for marriage. So despite all the come-from-behind wins and the late-game heroics, Tebow’s continued abstinence may be the greatest miracle of all.
93 Success
Despite Tim Tebow’s unprecedented success as starting quarterback for the Florida Gators -- he won the Heisman trophy and led his team to the National Championship in his senior year -- skeptics were convinced his unorthodox style would never translate to the NFL. Still, the Denver Broncos made him the 25th overall pick in the 2010 NFL draft, and, in 2011, after beginning the season 1-4, Tebow replaced the beleaguered Kyle Orton as their starting QB. What he’s accomplished since has been nothing short of miraculous. Not only has Tebow gone 7-1 as Denver’s starter, but the come-from-behind nature of his wins -- especially the shocking week 14 victory over the Chicago Bears -- has gripped the attention of the sporting world to a degree not seen in years. With his Broncos almost guaranteed a playoff spot, will “Tebow Time” continue in the post season ? Or will the 24-year-old force of nature finally be stopped? One thing’s for sure: We’ll all be watching.
Tim Tebow Biography
The current controversy surrounding Tim Tebow is nothing new for the devout Christian, who’s been a polarizing figure his whole life. Tebow was born in the Philippines while his parents were serving as Christian Baptist Missionaries (he has returned to the country throughout his life to continue their work). Shortly after his birth, the family moved to Jacksonville, Flordia, where Tebow and his four siblings were homeschooled by their mother, who made sure to instill her strong Christian beliefs in her children. But Tebow’s love of football led him to Nease High School, where his performance as quarterback drew immediate attention.
Tebow and his mother lived in an apartment in nearby St. Johns County so that he could continue to play, but some people took issue with a homeschooled student able to choose to play for the school of his choice. Critics be damned, Tebow went on to have one of the most prolific high school careers in Florida history, winning the state’s player of the year award twice, leading his school to the state championship his senior year and being named to the state’s All-Century Team, not to mention the time he finished playing a game with a broken leg. Tebow was the most heavily recruited high schooler that year, and eventually chose to play for Urban Meyer’s Florida Gators.
Tim Tebow Wins The Heisman
In his rookie season with the Florida Gators, Tebow was used sparingly but was still a key contributor in helping Florida win the NCAA title, running for 469 yards and eight touchdowns. But it was in his sophomore season that the rugged quarterback with the magnetic personality showed what he was truly capable of. With a remarkable combination of speed, power and determination, Tebow became the first college player to run for 20 touchdowns and throw for 20 touchdowns in the same season. He became the only sophomore to ever win the Heisman Trophy and delighted the Gator faithful when he announced his intention to graduate from college and play in Florida for at least another year.
Tim Tebow Becomes a Legend at The University of Florida
After his 2007 breakout season, expectations were high for Tim Tebow and the Gators in 2008, and the hulking QB did not disappoint. Though he lost the Heisman to Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford, Tebow was arguably more dominant in his third season with the Gators, leading his team to a 12-1 record and a 24-14 win against the Oklahoma Sooners in the BCS National Championship Game. At the championship celebration, Tebow announced that he was returning for his fourth and final year, and would again have a benchmark season, breaking the SEC career record for rushing touchdowns while leading his team to the SEC Championship game. Unfortunately, Tebow faltered and his team lost to the University of Alabama. Afterward, a visibly distraught Tebow was seen on the sideline in tears. But before his illustrious college career came to an end, Tebow was sure to end on a high note, destroying Cincinnati in the 2010 Sugar Bowl, where his 533 yards of total offense broke the Bowl Series record.
Tim Tebow is Drafted By The Denver Broncos
Despite his unprecedented success as a QB at Florida University, Tim Tebow’s prospects as an NFL quarterback were not very good, as most scouts believed he would need to be retrained to play out the NFL’s more typical shotgun formation. Despite being one of the most successful college QBs of all time, Tebow fell all the way to the bottom of the first round, when he was selected 25th overall by the Denver Broncos. The pick was met with loads of controversy but also a large amount of fanfare, as sales of Tebow jerseys set an NFL draft day record and have continued to be the top selling jerseys in the NFL every month since Tebow was drafted. After signing a five-year contract with the Broncos, Tebow made an immediate impact with his new club, despite only starting three games and coming off the bench for a handful of others, by demonstrating his ability as a double-threat QB, throwing and rushing for a combined 891 yards and 11 touchdowns. But it wasn’t until the 2011 season that Tebow showed his true value.
Tim Tebow Takes The Sports World By Storm
It’s impossible to understate what Tim Tebow has done since becoming Denver’s starting QB six games into the 2011 season. At 1-4, the Broncos were dead in the water, with little hope of making the playoffs. Then, head coach John Fox announced that Tebow would start the team’s next game against the Miami Dolphins, and he’s been the starter ever since. Tebow’s winning formula has been simple: stink it up for three quarters, and when the game is on the line in the fourth, lead your team to victory with a combination of gutsy plays and sheer determination. The result: The Broncos are 7-1 with Tebow at the helm, and are on the verge of clinching a spot in the playoffs. Whether it’s Tebow’s unparalleled competitiveness that has inspired his team to win, or divine intervention, the story has captivated everyone in the sports world and beyond. Frankly, we can’t wait to see what he does next.
