Tim Tebow: Can Broncos QB Flourish Anywhere in the NFL?
By
(Featured Columnist) on September 21, 2011
616 reads
Tim Tebow: If not now, when? (Getty images).
Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
How often do we hear those two famous words in Denver?
Just kinda rolls out well, doesn't it?
Tim Tebow.
Great name for a football player. But is it the name for a great football player?
The Broncos have planted their hooves directly into a giant can of quarterback controversy these days. You've got a new regime in there with a couple of Johnnys—Fox and Elway. And probably the main problem in Denver is that Elway's simply too old to play again.
Now with that out of the way, back to the new regime, the new era in Bronco-dom.
Tebow has his throwing arm caught in a ringer. He's not the guy the new guy selected which means that right now he's probably not the guy the new guy is going to use.
Does that make sense?
If you want to strike up a great debate, one that might require a case of Rocky Mountain cold adult beverages, just roll out those wonderful words: Tim Tebow.
Tebow looks like a guy born to play football. Back in college, Tebow was typically described as a great football player. Take a look at that—great, football, player.
Tim Tebow is warming the bench. (Getty images).
Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
Nowhere in there did it say "great quarterback."
Tim Tebow is big, strong and can run like a hefty horse, or big Bronco, if you prefer.
Which begs the next question: If Tim Tebow is not John Fox's kind of quarterback, should he play somewhere else or should he play another position?
Fox threw him in for three plays as a wide receiver last week when the receiver corps suffered some attrition. Tebow ran three routes. Ran them well.
If he's not a great quarterback but still a great football player, would it make sense to have him play another position?
Say what you want, but this guy might have H-back/tight end written all over him and in today's modern NFL , he can still serve as a quarterback, which saves a roster spot.
The problem is, he has a quarterback's contract and a first-round pick at that. He's now in the second year of a five-year deal and time runs by quickly in the NFL, just like everywhere else. The Broncos are getting no return on that investment.
Shannon Sharpe, a legendary Bronco had this observation:
Should the Broncos try to trade Tebow?
A: Yes, if they're not going to play him.
B: No, they should give him a shot.
Submit Vote vote to see results
Should the Broncos try to trade Tebow?
A: Yes, if they're not going to play him.
47.3%
B: No, they should give him a shot.
52.7%
Total votes: 224
The Indianapolis Colts are finding out exactly that. They have an offense totally set up for one guy's skill set ( Peyton Manning ) and he's out and they have no one else on the team with the same skill set.
Which still leaves us with the question: What do the Johnnys do with Timmy?
You listen to fans everywhere typically complain about their team's quarterback.
How many teams could Kyle Orton start for today?
Quick answer—not many.
Can Tim Tebow flourish in Denver? Flourish? How about simply getting his feet wet, that usually proceeds flourishing, doesn't it?
If Tebow's not Fox's guy and if he's not Elway's guy, then he'll need to end up somewhere where the offense is suited to his skill set.
How good those skills are, we don't yet know.
Flourish? Well, not too many guys are flourishing right now.
Ask Matt Cassel out in K.C., ask whoever the quarterback is in Indianapolis, ask Jacksonville , ask around.
And while you're at it, ask about Tim Tebow.
