Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow gets his shot.
 
Sponsored Links
Or maybe Tebow can become a Denver version of Carolina Panthers rookie Cam Newton .
Week 7's most compelling storyline centers on whether Tebow can emerge the Broncos quarterback of the future and inspire his teammates the way he has those  who raised roadside billboards imploring coach John Fox to anoint Tebow.
PHOTOS: Best images from NFL Week 6
The Panthers hit on their franchise answer with Newton playing a better in-pocket passing game than critics believed the former Auburn star capable of.
That's the big question with Tebow and his elongated throwing motion: Can he make plays consistently from the pocket?
Since Kyle Orton lost  the  starting job by going 1-4 with seven interceptions, it'll be "The Tebow Show" when Denver plays at the Miami Dolphins Sunday.
"It's either sink or swim for Tim Tebow," said CBS analyst Boomer Esiason . "You're talking about a first-round draft choice (25th overall, 2010). Can Tebow be your foundation quarterback for the next 10 years?
"I don't believe he can. That doesn't mean he shouldn't have the opportunity to show the Broncos he can."
Tebow is the only Broncos quarterback under contract beyond this season. Orton, 12-21 as Broncos starter the past three seasons and Brady Quinn are free agents.
Esiason was one of Tebow's most outspoken critics, insisting before the season, "He can't play. He can't throw."
Now comes Tebow's time to fire back.
"Why not Tebow?" Esiason said. "You're not going anywhere else and you've got enough invested in him. There's a lot of people out there who would never bet against Tim Tebow.
"But among us who have played the game, I'm not so sure Tebow's skill set translates to 10 years of longevity, four to six Pro Bowls and leading his team to the Super Bowl ."
Panthers offensive coordinator Rob Chudzinski has molded Carolina's offense to Newton's strengths incorporating certain run-options and bootlegs from Auburn's playbook. Yet despite three interceptions  Sunday against Atlanta, Newton has impressed by standing tough and going through his pass progressions.
"I never saw any panic in Cam's footwork," said Fox analyst Chad Pennington who worked Newton's debut against Arizona. "What's been most impressive has been his willingness to stay in the pocket, take the hit and deliver the throw.
"Cam has a chip on his shoulder about wanting to be known as a passer. He doesn't want to be known as an athlete who plays quarterback. He wants to be known as a true quarterback."
NBC Football Night in America analyst Tony Dungy , a former quarterback at the University of Minnesota says Tebow can make every throw.
"I don't know that there's a whole lot of difference other than the fact that Cam Newton has a little stronger arm," Dungy said. "Cam's certainly faster. They're both winners. They both have a special skill set. Newton's received a lot of the same criticism Tebow has, that he's not pro ready, he's not an accurate guy who can play from the pocket.
"I just think winners win. And guys who won all the way through high school and college, the best player at every level, they have a way of making things happen and winning games."
Tebow still has to improve a too-long release. But he has a big fan in Dungy who sees a dynamic playmaker capable of sparking his team.
"I'm not so sure Tim won't do the same kind of things as Cam," Dungy said. "Now saying that, you have to structure your offense around him.
"That's what you have to do with guys who are special ."
Tebow ran for one touchdown and threw for another in a 29-24, Week 5 loss against San Diego .
Question is, can Fox and offensive coordinator Mike McCoy tailor the  offense during Denver's bye week to  accentuate Tebow's strengths?
"Tebow is going to have to sit in the pocket and make some good, accurate throws and reads," CBS analyst Rich Gannon said. "The key has got to be (running back) Willis McGahee right now. When John Fox and John Elway went back and looked at last year, they said this is a team that got away from the run way too early."
Said New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez , Tebow's former Gators teammate, "Hopefully, Tim can succeed because I feel like he's going to be a great quarterback."
If not, the Broncos will likely remain in the Andrew Luck Sweepstakes, in the mix for the prototypical Stanford passer some evaluators have given the highest grades since former Stanford star Elway.
Quick hits
•According to a a person with knowledge of the situation,  an investigation began Monday into Sunday's end-game scuffle stemming from fired-up 49ers coach Jim Harbaugh 's postgame handshake and hard back-slap Detroit Lions coach Jim Schwartz said was accompanied by an obscenity. Considering how commissioner Roger Goodell holds team officials and coaches to a higher standard under his conduct policy, players will be watching to see if any fines result as a deterrent against future incidents. Wonder if the league will have to issue a memo on form handshakes?
•Contrast "The Near-Throwdown in Motown" to Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Raheem Morris seeking out injured Saints coach Sean Payton beneath Raymond James Stadium after Payton suffered a torn medial collateral ligament and a broken kneecap when he was pinned by Saints tight end Jimmy Graham . Morris wanted to check on a mentor, who underwent Monday surgery and is expected back Tuesday.
• Donovan McNabb was 2-10 in his last 12 starts when the Christian Ponder era began Sunday night.
•What a difference a running game meant for Eli Manning: Ahmad Bradshaw delivered the 4-2 New York Giants ' first 100-yard rushing effort since Dec. 13, 2010, a formula that could establish the Giants as the team to beat in the wide-open NFC East .
•Who needs a defensive consultant when the Eagles had Rex Grossman throwing to them? The erstwhile Washington Redskins starting quarterback threw four interceptions as the 2-4 Eagles staved off coach Andy Reid 's worst possible nightmare: No 1-5 team has ever reached the playoffs.
•Falcons offensive coordinator Mike Mularkey re-established his team's missing physical identity with a 30-22, run-pass ratio in Atlanta's 31-17 route of Carolina as the 3-3 Falcons better resembled last season's 13-3 NFC South division champions.
•Former Bengals quarterback Esiason credits a top-ranked defense, rookie quarterback Andy Dalton 's poise and a harmonious locker room for Cincinnati's surprise 4-2 start.
" Mike Zimmer 's done a really good job," Esiason said of the Bengals defensive coordinator. "I thought the Bengals would be the leader in the clubhouse when it came to the "Andrew Luck Sweepstakes" after losing cornerback Jonathan Joseph to Houston in free agency. But you have a young quarterback who is excited about his opportunity. And Andy Dalton is making the most of it, showing a lot of poise."
Esiason also said: "There's a likeability factor about watching the Bengals and the way they're playing because they don't have the Chad Ochocincos, T.O.'s and the drama surrounding Carson Palmer ."
Game balls
Offense: Patriots Tom Brady conducted a near-perfect, two-minute clinic, hitting 8 of 9 for 78 yards on the winning drive capped by his 8-yard scoring strike to Aaron Hernandez with :22 left for New England's 31st straight home win dating to Nov. 12, 2006.
Defense: Eagles safety Kurt Coleman returned to the starting lineup following a Week 3 benching and produced three interceptions for a defense sorely in need of some big plays.
Special teams: The Raiders. Oakland got two electric special teams touchdowns to key their 24-17 win against Cleveland. In addition to Jacoby Ford's 101-yard kickoff-return touchdown, punter Shane Lechler , holding on what appeared to be a 53-yard Sebastian Janikowski field goal, fired a 35-yard touchdown strike to Kevin Boss for a 24-7 lead.
High 5
1. Green Bay Packers: With veteran left tackle Chad Clifton out indefinitely following a Week 5 hamstring injury, 2010, fifth-round pick Marshall Newhouse showed the "next-man-up" mindset that defined last season's Super Bowl title run despite losing 15 players to injured reserve. Quarterback Aaron Rodgers was sacked just once in Sunday's win against St. Louis as the Packers may have found their left tackle of the future.
2. New England Patriots: Coach Bill Belichick and Brady matched Don Shula and Marino as the league's winningest coach-quarterback combination with 116 wins, most in the Super Bowl era.
3. Baltimore Ravens: The good news? Joe Flacco is hitting more deep shots than ever before. The bad? His 51.4% completion percentage is next to last in the league.
4. San Francisco 49ers: Kudos to secondary coach Ed Donatell , who concocted a bracket scheme to keep Lions receiver Calvin Johnson out of the end zone for the first time in six games. Rookie corner Chris Culliver shadowed Johnson on every play.
5. Detroit Lions: They'll get a chance to show their first loss to San Francisco was more aberration when the 5-1 Lions host the resurgent Falcons Sunday
What a rush
Will there be what former NFL quarterback Pennington calls, "A market correction as the weather turns bad," with more teams committing to the run?
It's happening considering five running backs, Pittsburgh's Rashard Mendenhall, Atlanta's Turner, San Francisco's Frank Gore, the Giants' Bradshaw and Tampa Bay's Earnest Graham enjoyed season-high rushing production for their winning teams.
Mendenhall returned from a hamstring injury to produce 146 yards and a touchdown while Gore (141), Turner (139), Graham (109) and Bradshaw each recorded 104 yards or more.
"The trick is to be able to use these spread sets without getting your quarterback killed," Pennington said. "You'll see a market correction because weather will start to play a factor as we move into the colder months."
Even stubborn, pass-heavy Eagles coach Reid got the balance memo, calling a season-high 28 runs for LeSean McCoy who responded with 126 yards and a touchdown.
"In order for teams to keep their quarterback healthy through 16 games, they're going to have to find creative ways to run the football and do some things in the passing game where the quarterback is not taking numerous hits every game," Pennington said.
Quote of note
"I don't think Mike Brown is going to trade Carson Palmer. Mike Brown is making a point that you're not going to force your way out of Cincinnati by demanding to be traded. …"I don't know Carson Palmer. But I know Mike Brown. And I don't think Mike Brown is backing down." — Former Indianapolis Colts coach Dungy asked about the possibility of Palmer being dealt by Tuesday's trade deadline.
Week 7 watch
San Diego at the New York Jets: The Chargers are 4-1 at the bye despite Philip Rivers not playing his best football. That's a sharp contrast to their usual sluggish starts.
Second-year running back Ryan Matthews has been the offensive focal point with 674 total yards from scrimmage, ranking ninth best as San Diego gets the Jets, Chiefs, Packers and Raiders in their next four games.
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more  
 
