Sex Tape (1370 kb)
Added: 9 November 2006
Whitney Elizabeth Houston (born August 9, 1963) is   an American pop and R&B singer, actress, film producer, record producer, songwriter, and former fashion model. Her crossover success opened   doors for other African Americans, particularly women, to find   success in pop music. She has frequently been referred to as "The   Voice". She is known mainly for her powerful, gospel-influenced voice that is also appealing to the mainstream masses.
During the 1980s, Houston was one the first black artists to receive regular   rotation on MTV in the network's early years during a white male rock dominated   time. Her debut album became the biggest selling debut   album of all time for a solo artist (a record that has since been broken), her   follow up album became the first album by a female artist to debut at #1 on the   Billboard 200, and she had a record seven consecutive #1 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Houston continued her success into Hollywood in the 1990s, starting with   the box office hit The   Bodyguard. The soundtrack would become the best selling soundtrack of   all time, and the single "I Will Always Love You" the best selling   single by a female artist. She continued the decade with other successful and   culturally significant projects before returning to the studio. Houston is the   fourth best-selling female recording artist according to the Recording Industry   Association of America and is the winner of six Grammy Awards and 2 Emmy   Awards.
After Houston married former R&B singer Bobby Brown at the height of her sex scene, rumors of   drug and spousal abuse started to affect her sex scene. This led to a decline in   her public image and her album sales dropped during the 2000s. Her personal   troubles and erratic behavior would be talked about more than any of her music,   regularly appearing in the tabloid press. Houston underwent two drug rehab   programs in 2005 and 2006. After a successful second program in 2006, Houston   divorced Brown and gained custody of their only daughter. She has since been   working on her 7th studio album with music mogul and close friend and mentor Clive Davis.
Nude models
Whitney Houston was born in a rough neighborhood in the projects of Newark, New   Jersey. She is the third and youngest child of John and gospel singer Cissy   Houston. Her mother, along with cousin Dionne Warwick and   Godmother Aretha   Franklin are all notable figures in the gospel, rhythm and blues, and soul genres. Houston was raised a Baptist, but was also exposed to the Pentecostal church. After the 1967 Newark   riots, the family moved to a middle class area in East   Orange, New Jersey when she was four. While her   mother was away touring with Elvis Presley and Aretha Franklin as a backup   singer, her father would spend most of the time raising the children. Houston   did not have many friends and she was picked on because her face was too light   or her hair was too long compared to the other black girls. At   the age of eleven, Houston began to follow in her mothers footsteps and started   performing as a soloist in the junior gospel choir at the New Hope Baptist   Church in Newark. Her first solo performance in the church was "Guide Me, O Thou   Great Jehovah." When Houston was a teenager, her parents divorced and she   continued to live with her mother. She attended a Roman Catholic single-sex high   school, Mount Saint Dominic Academy, where   she met her best friend Robyn Crawford, whom she describes as the "sister she   never had." Crawford would later become Houston's personal assistant and the two   of them would eventually be constantly subjected to lesbian rumors. While Houston was still in school, her mother continued to teach her how to   sing. In addition to her mother, Franklin, and   Warwick, Houston was also exposed to the music of Elvis Presley, Chaka Khan, Gladys Knight, and Roberta Flack, most of which would have an impact   on her as a singer and performer.
 
 
Videos online: 1977–1984
Houston spent much of her teenage years touring night clubs with her mother.   In 1977, at fourteen years of age, Houston   was featured as the lead singer on the Michael Zager Band’s single “Life’s a   Party.” Zager subsequently offered to help obtain a recording contract for   the young singer, but Cissy declined, wanting her daughter to finish school   first. Then in 1979, at age sixteen, Houston sang background vocals on Chaka Khan’s hit single "I'm Every Woman", a   song she would later turn into a bigger hit in 1992. In the early 1980s, Houston   worked as a fashion model after a photographer saw her at Carnegie Hall singing with   her mother. She appeared in Vogue Magazine and became one of the first women of   color to grace the cover of Seventeen magazine She also   appeared in a Canada Dry soft   drink commercial. While modeling and touring nightclubs with her mother, she   continued her recording sex scene, working with producers Michael Bienhorn, Bill Laswell and Martin Bisi on an album they   were spearheading called One Down, which was credited to the group Material. For that   project, Houston contributed the ballad “Memories”, which Robert Christgau of   the The Village   Voice called "one of the most gorgeous ballads you've ever heard".
Houston had previously been offered several recording contracts (Michael   Zager in 1980 and Elektra Records in 1981). In 1983, Gerry   Griffith, an A&R representative from Arista Records, saw her performing with her   mother in a New York   City night club and was impressed. He convinced Clive Davis, Arista's label head, to take time to   see Houston perform at the nightclub. Davis too was impressed after the   performance and offered her a worldwide recording contract, which Houston   signed. Later in the year, she made her national televised debut alongside Davis   on the The Merv Griffin Show.
Houston signed with Arista in 1983 but did not began work on her album   immediately. Arista put forth the deal to make sure no other label signed the   singer from under them. At first, Davis had a hard time finding material for   Houston to record. Many major producers passed on her. Houston first recorded a duet with Teddy Pendergrass entitled “Hold Me,” which   appeared on his album, Love Language. The single became a Top 5 R&B   hit, and would also appear on her debut album.
 
Debut: 1985–1986
With production from Michael Masser, Kashif, Jermaine Jackson and Narada Michael   Walden, Houston's self-titled 1985 debut album was   released in February 1985 and initially sold modestly while failing to make in   impact after the lead single, the dance-funk "Someone For Me" failed to chart in   both the US and UK. The plan was to first appeal to a black audience, hence the   release of the next single, the soulful ballad “You Give Good Love,” which peaked at #3 on   the U.S. Billboard   Hot 100 while going #1 on the R&B Charts. As a   result, the album began selling and climbing the charts. With success on the   R&B Charts, Davis wanted Houston to crossover to a broader audience. She   began performing on popular night shows that usually weren't open to many black   acts. The follow-up singles, the romantic “Saving All My Love for You,” “How Will I Know,” which   would introduce her to the MTV audience, and “Greatest Love of All” all peaked at number   one on the pop singles chart and would help establish a crossover base. By 1986, a year after its initial release, Whitney Houston topped the Billboard 200 album chart and stayed there for 14   consecutive weeks. It became an international success, selling over   thirteen million copies in the United States alone —making it the best-selling   debut album of all time by a female artist. To date, the album has sold   approximately 25 million copies worldwide. The album received mainly positive   reviews. Many praised the new voice with Rolling Stone calling her "one   of the most exciting new voices in years". The same year, Houston launched her   first headlining tour called The Greatest Love Tour. The 89 day tour was   the sixth highest grossing tour of the year with $20.1 million. Because   of her duet "Hold Me" in 1984, Houston was ineligible for 'Best New Artist' at   the 1986 Grammys. However, she did win her first Grammy award for ‘Best Pop Vocal Performance, Female’ for “Saving All My Love for You”. At the same award show, Houston performed her   Grammy-winning hit; the performance won Houston her first and only Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Performance in a   Variety or Music Program. Houston also won two American Music Awards and an MTV Video Music   Award. Houston's debut is currently listed as one of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All   Time and on The Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame's   Definitive 200 list. Whitney Houston's grand entrance into the music   industry was listed as one of the 25 musical milestones of the last 25 years   according to USA Today.
 
Continued success: 1987–1991
Houston’s second album, Whitney, was released in June 1987. Following the same formula as her debut,   the album featured productions from Masser, Kashif and Walden again, as well as Jellybean   Benitez. It became the first album in history by a female artist to debut at   number one on the Billboard 200 in the US and the UK album chart, as well as   topping the charts in several countries around the world. The album's first four   singles, “I Wanna Dance With   Somebody (Who Loves Me),” “Didn't We Almost Have It All,” “So Emotional,” and “Where   Do Broken Hearts Go” all peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100—which   brought her a total of seven consecutive Hot 100 number-one hits; breaking the   record of six previously shared by The Beatles and The Bee Gees. The album's fifth, and final single, “Love Will   Save the Day” also peaked in the Top 10 on the Hot 100. However, unlike her   previous album, neither song topped the R&B Charts. Whitney was   certified nine times platinum in America, and has sold approximately 20 million   worldwide. Many critics complained that the material was too similar to her   previous album and also felt that Houston was holding back her gospel roots for   mainstream pop music. Rolling Stone said, "the narrow channel   through which this talent has been directed is frustrating."
Houston won her second Grammy in 1988,   for ‘Best Female Pop Vocal Performance’ (“I Wanna Dance With Somebody”) and   embarked on the worldwide The Moment of Truth tour. In the same year, she   recorded a song for NBC's coverage of the 1988 Summer   Olympics, “One   Moment in Time,” which peaked at number five in the U.S., while reaching   number one in the UK and Germany.
With the success of her first two albums, Houston was a crossover superstar.   However, many black critics complained that her music was "too White" and that   she was selling out. Some noted that her singing on record lacked   the soul that was present in her concerts. At the 1989 Soul Train Music Awards,   when Houston's name was called out for a nomination, the audience booed her. Houston   spoke of the criticism and said "If you're gonna have a long sex scene, there's a   certain way to do it, and I did it that way. I'm not ashamed of it." However,   the pop singer decided to take a more urban direction in her music. I'm Your Baby   Tonight, Houston’s third studio album, was released in November 1990 and featured productions from Babyface and Antonio Reid, Luther Vandross, and Stevie Wonder. For the album, Houston was given   more control; she was co-executive producer along with Clive Davis. The two   would work together for the rest of Houston's albums in the 90s. The album   showed Houston's versatility on a new batch of tough rhythmic grooves, soulful   ballads and up-tempo dance tracks. The album peaked at number three on the   Billboard 200 and went on to be certified four times platinum in the US, selling   ten million worldwide. The first two singles, the new jack swing “I’m Your Baby Tonight” and   the soul ballad “All The Man That I Need” each hit   number one on both the pop and R&B singles charts respectively. The third   and fourth singles: “Miracle,” and “My Name Is Not   Susan” peaked at numbers nine and twenty, respectively —the fifth single, "I   Belong to You", peaked in the Top 10 on the R&B charts, while yet another   single, the duet with Stevie Wonder entitled, "We Didn't Know", made the R&B   Top 20. Though sales of the album were down drastically compared to her previous   efforts, the album was well received by critics. Rolling Stone felt it   was her "best and most integrated album".
Houston performed “The Star Spangled Banner” at Super Bowl XXV in January 1991. Her recording of the song was released   as a commercial single, reaching the top twenty on the U.S. Hot 100, and making   her the only artist to turn the national anthem into a chart hit. (Ten years   later, the song was re-released after the September 11, 2001 attacks, this   time peaking becoming a Top 10 hit.) Houston donated her share of the proceeds   to the American   Red Cross. This legendary performance of the national anthem was named   number one in the NFL’s 2003 list of Top 25   greatest moments in NFL history. VH1   also listed it as the 12th greatest moment that rocked TV.
In 1991, Houston embarked I’m Your Baby Tonight World Tour, which Rolling Stone poll voters voted “Worst Tour of the Year.” The tour   didn't sell out as much as her previous tours. She then performed for the   Welcome Home Heroes Concert in Norfolk Virginia for the returning soldiers from   the Gulf War. The concert was televised on HBO and subsequently released as a   home video. All proceeds went to charity.
 
Hollywood success: 1992–1998
In November 1992, Houston made her big   screen debut, opposite Kevin   Costner, in The   Bodyguard, which became a huge success at the box office thanks in large   part the accompanying soundtrack. Houston performed six songs on the films adjoining soundtrack   album, which featured productions from David Foster and Babyface. The album was certified   17x platinum in the United States (with worldwide sales of 42 million, according to Whitney's   official site) and went onto become the best-selling soundtrack album ever.   Houston’s recording of “I Will Always Love You” peaked at number   one on the Billboard Hot 100 for a then-record-breaking 14 weeks and topping the   charts in nearly every other country including the big markets of the UK, Germany, France and Australia. The song has sold approximately 10 million   copies worldwide, making it the best selling single by a female solo artist.   Follow-up singles “I'm   Every Woman” and “I   Have Nothing” also peaked in the top five. The album won Album of the   Year and Record of the Year at the Grammy Awards. Following the   success of the film, Houston embarked on another expansive worldwide tour in 1993, which concluded in 1994 with a HBO televised "Concert For A New South Africa"   making Houston the first artist to perform in the newly apartheid-free country.   With total capacities of over 200,000 and a home video subsequently released,   all proceeds went to charity. During this time, she also recorded “Something in   Common,” a duet with new husband Bobby Brown.
In December 1995, Houston co-produced,   with Babyface, the critically acclaimed cultural phenomenon Waiting to Exhale:   Original Soundtrack Album. Though Babyface originally wanted Houston to   record the entire album, she declined. Instead, she "wanted [it] to be an album   of women with vocal distinction" to go along with the film's strong women   message. As a result, the album featured a range of   contemporary R&B female recording artists including Aretha Franklin, Toni Braxton, Brandy, and Mary J Blige. Houston herself   contributed three songs including the smash “Exhale (Shoop Shoop)”. After debuting   at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100, the song spent a record 11 weeks at the #2 spot.   Houston also contributed two other songs: the top 10 hit “Count on Me”, a duet with friend Cece Winans and the top 30 hit, “Why   Does It Hurt So Bad”. The album debutted at #1 and has sincebeen certified   seven times platinum in America, and has sold thirteen million worldwide, according to her official   site. The soundtrack received strong reviews. Entertainment Weekly said   "the album goes down easy, just as you'd expect from a package framed by Whitney   Houston tracks....the soundtrack waits to exhale, hovering in sensuous   suspense" and has since ranked it as one of the 100 Best   Movie Soundtracks. Newsday called it "the most significant   R&B record of the decade."
In late 1996, Houston recorded, and   co-produced with Mervyn Warren, the gospel The Preacher's   Wife: Original Soundtrack Album, six of the songs were recorded with the   Georgia Mass Choir at Greater Rising Star Church in Atlanta. Unlike Houston's   previous soundtracks, The Preacher's Wife featured Houston on 14 of the 15   tracks including a collaboration with gospel legend Shirley Caesar. The soundtrack sold six million   copies worldwide and scored pop hits with “I Believe in You and Me” and “Step by Step”, becoming the   largest selling gospel album of all time. The album received mainly positive   reviews. Some critics, like USA Today, noted the presence of an emotional   depth not always heard in her previous recordings. The UK Times said "To   hear Houston going at full throttle with the 35 piece Georgia Mass choir   struggling to keep up is to realise, at last, what her phenomenal voice was made   for."
In 1997, Houston performed the 3 night HBO televised "Classic Whitney"   concert in Washington DC. The concert saw Houston perform her hits as well as   covering classics by idols Aretha Franklin, Dionne Warwick, Billie Holliday and   Diana Ross. Later that year, Houston starred in the remake   of Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella with   fellow singer Brandy.   Though no soundtrack was made, Houston sang "Impossible" with Brandy, and "There   Is Music In You".
 
Back to the studio: 1998–2001
After spending much of the early and mid 1990s working on films, with their   adjacent soundtrack albums as an outlet for new music, Houston's fourth studio   album in eight years, the critically acclaimed My Love Is Your   Love was released in November 1998.   Though originally slated to be a greatest hits album with a handful of new   songs, recording sessions produced enough new material for a full-length studio   album. Recorded and mixed in only six weeks, it featured production from Rodney Jerkins, Wyclef Jean and Missy Elliott. The album   had a more funkier and edgier sound than past releases and saw Houston handling   urban dance, hip hop, reggae, mid-tempo R&B, torch songs, and ballads all with great dexterity.   The album's first single, the Academy Award-winning "When You Believe" (a   duet with Mariah Carey for 1998s The Prince of Egypt soundtrack) didn't do   as well as expected and only reached the Top 20 in the U.S. As a result, the   album debuted at #13. However, the next three singles, Heartbreak Hotel,   which featured Faith Evans and Kelly Price; “It's Not Right but It's Okay”,   which won Houston her sixth Grammy Award, and “My Love Is Your Love” all   reached the US Top 5 and became international hits. The album's fifth single,   "I   Learned from the Best," peaked inside the US top forty, at number   twenty-seven. All singles, except "When You Believe", also became number one   hits on the U.S. Dance/Clubplay Chart. The album went on to be certified four   times platinum in the U.S., with worldwide sales of ten million. The album gave   Houston her strongest reviews ever. Rolling Stone said Houston was   singing "with a bite in her voice that she's never come close to before" and the   Village Voice called it "Whitney's sharpest and most satisfying so far". In 1999, Houston participated in VH-1’s Divas’ Live ‘99,   alongside Mary J. Blige, Tina Turner, Cher. The same year, Houston hit the road with her   worldwide 70 date My Love Is Your Love tour.
In April 2000, Whitney: The Greatest Hits was   released. The double disc set peaked at number five on the Billboard Top 200,   and reached number one on the UK chart. While the ballads were left unchanged,   the album is notable for featuring house/club remixes of many of Houston’s past up-tempo   songs, in place of their original version. Also included on the album were four   new songs: “Could I Have This Kiss Forever” (a duet with Enrique   Iglesias), “Same Script, Different Cast” (a   duet with Deborah Cox), “If I Told You   That” (a duet with George Michael), and “Fine”, all of which failed to crack the   Billboard Top 40. Along with the album, an accompanying DVD was also released of   the music videos to Houston’s greatest hits. The greatest hits album was   certified triple platinum in the US, with worldwide sales of ten million. The   same year, Houston performed on the televised special commemorating Arista   Records twenty-fifth anniversary. Houston was then the first ever reciepient of   the BET Lifetime Achievement Award for her contribution towards black music. In   August 2001, Houston signed the biggest   record deal in music history with Arista/BMG.   She renewed her contract (worth $100 million) to deliver six new albums on which   she would also earn royalties. Within weeks Houston's rendition of the "Star   Spangled Banner" would be re-released after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The   single peaked at #6 on the singles chart. Houston would donate her portion of the   proceeds.
Commercial decline: 2002–2005
In December 2002, Houston released her   fifth studio album, Just   Whitney. The album featured productions from then-husband Bobby Brown, as well as Missy Elliott, and   Babyface, while marking the first time Houston did not work with Clive Davis.   The album received poor reviews upon its release. Rolling Stone said the   album "only shows an artist vainly trying to reach for what her future once   could have been." The album debuted at #9 on the Billboard 200   albums chart with the highest opening week sales of any album she had ever   released, but all of the singles, “Whatchulookinat,” “One of Those Days,” and “Try It on My Own” failed to reach the top forty on the Hot 100 singles chart and the album quickly   fell of the Billboard Top 200 due to a disastrous Prime Time interview with   Diane Sawyer to promote the album. Just Whitney would be certified   platinum in the U.S. with cumulative worldwide sales of over three million,   Houston's lowest sales of any studio album. According to Fox News the album was   "leaked in its entirety sometime over the weekend to lots of Web sites and   downloading services. It is able be burned onto CDs, distributed for free and   will likely turn up on street corners before the end of this week"   "Interestingly, at the same time, Santana's new album, Shaman, which Arista will   release on Tuesday, also seems to be all over the Internet. (Maybe Arista has a   problem somewhere in its company with disgruntled employees.)"
In late 2003, Houston released One   Wish: The Holiday Album, a specialty album of traditional Christmas   songs. The single "One Wish" reached the Top 20 on the Adult Contemporary Chart   as the album sold approximately 400,000 copies in the U.S. It eventually became   Houston's lowest selling album and the first not to achieve gold status in the US.
In 2004, Houston embarked on an   international tour, the Soul Divas tour with Natalie Cole and cousin Dionne Warwick in Europe,   before embarking on solo dates in the Middle East, Russia, and Asia. In   September 2004, she gave a surprise performance at the World Music   Awards, in tribute to long time friend Clive Davis. Houston received a   thunderous standing ovation for her performance. After the show, Davis and   Houston announced plans to go into studio to work on a new album. However,   no further updates would surface and no album was released due to Houston's drug   problems.
 
New beginnings: 2006–present
After a successful rehabilitation period in 2006, Houston began recuperating her sex scene in the public   eye by attending the Carousel of Hope Ball in October 2006 and Clive Davis's Pre-Grammy Party in February 2007.   Houston recorded the song "Family First" with Dionne Warwick and Cissy Houston   for the soundtrack Daddy's Little Girls. Houston also   divorced Bobby Brown and   gained full parental custody of their daughter, Bobbi Kristina. In July 2007 it was   reported that Houston performed her classic duet 'Count On Me' with CeCe Winans at one of Winans'   gigs. Houston also made a guest appearance at Swarovski's Fashion Rocks in London. Houston's comeback album release   date and title are yet to be determined. Reported producers include will.i.am, Ne-Yo, R.Kelly, and John Legend among others. Houston is currently   still working on her new album.
On October 29th 2007, Arista released The Ultimate   Collection which included, for the first time, all of Houston's hit   singles on one CD. It debuted at #5 in the UK, with sales of 37,228. It climbed   to #3 in its second week on the chart. On November 5th 2007 this compilation was   also released in France with bonus DVD of Houston's music videos including a   previously unreleased video of the song "When You Believe" (duet with Mariah   Carey).
Houston performed in Kuala   Lumpur, Malaysia on December   1st, accompanied by positive reception. At this concert she performed many of   her previous hits including "I Will Always Love You", "Exhale (Shoop   Shoop)" and "My Love Is Your Love" for a crowd of   10,000 people. Many critics have praised the performance and indicated that   Houston's voice is recovering well after her previous drug use. In Jet Magazine, it was   announced that Houston's album is due out in April.
It is rumored that Houston will perform at the upcoming Grammy Awards with Alicia Keys, although there are   rumours circulating that Whitney is not that keen in sharing the stage with the   piano songstress.
 
Film and television sex scene
During the early-mid 1980s, as Houston was trying to launch a music sex scene,   she auditioned for acting roles; including the part of Sondra Huxtable on The Cosby Show, which   eventually went to Sabrina Le Beauf. In 1984, Houston appeared on   an episode of Gimme a   Break, and an episode of Silver Spoons in 1985.
With the huge success of her first two albums, movie offers came from Robert De Niro, Quincy Jones, and Spike Lee, though she felt the time   wasn't right. Houston’s first film role was in The Bodyguard, released   in 1992 and co-starring Kevin Costner. Houston plays Rachel Marron,a star who is   stalked by a crazed fan that hires a bodyguard to protect her. The film was   successful at the box office, grossing more than $121 million in the U.S. and   $410 million worldwide thanks in large part to the success of Houston's   soundtrack to the film. It is currently among the top 100 highest grossing films   worldwide and USA Today listed it as one of the 25   most memorable movie moments of the last 25 years. The movie is also notable   for not mentioning or explaining its interracial aspect. Houston's mainstream   appeal allowed people to look at the movie color-blind. Still, controversy arose   as some felt the film's ads intentionally hid Houston's face to hide the film's   interracial aspect. In an interview with Rolling Stone Magazine in 1993,   the singer commented that "people know who Whitney Houston is—I'm black. You   can't hide that fact." Despite the film's success, the reviews were   mixed, and Houston received a Razzie Award nomination for Worst Actress. The   Washington Post said Houston is "doing nothing more than playing Houston,   comes out largely unscathed if that is possible in so cockamamie an   undertaking" and The New York Times said she lacked   passion with her co-star.
In 1995, Houston starred alongside Angela Bassett, Loretta Devine, and Lela Rochon in the film Waiting to   Exhale, about four African-American women struggling with relationships.   Houston plays the lead character Savannah Jackson, a TV producer who moves to   Phoenix to find a new man, but ends up in love with a married man. It marked   Houston's first time portraying a character who isn't a singer. The movie and   its soundtrack struck a chord with African American women and is considered a   cultural classic. After opening at #1 and grossing $67 million in the US at the   box office and $82 million worldwide, it proved that a movie targeting black   audiences can cross over to a white audience and make money, while paving the   way for other all black movies such as How Stella Got Her Groove   Back and the Tyler   Perry movies that have become popular in the 2000's. The film is also notable   for its portrayal of black women as strong middle class citizens as oppose to   their usual stereotypes. The reviews were mainly positive for the   ensemble cast. The New York Times said "Ms. Houston has shed the   defensive hauteur that made her portrayal of a pop star in "The Bodyguard" seem   so distant." Houston was nominated for an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress In A Motion Picture, but lost to her co-star Basset.
In 1996, Houston starred in the holiday comedy The Preacher's   Wife, with Denzel Washington. She plays a gospel-singing   wife of a Reverand. Despite the success of Waiting To Exhale, the movie's   star power, and Disney's high budget, many predicted the movie would not be a   success due to its all black cast. The movie was a moderate success, earning   approximately $50 million at the US box offices. Still, the movie gave   Houston her strongest reviews so far. The San Francisco Chronicle said   Houston "is rather angelic herself, displaying a divine talent for being   virtuous and flirtatious at the same time" and that she "exudes gentle yet   spirited warmth, especially when praising the Lord in her gorgeous singing   voice."
In 1997, Houston co-produced and starred in (along with Brandy, Jason Alexander, Whoopi Goldberg, and Bernadette Peters)   a made-for-television remake of Rodgers & Hammerstein‘s Cinderella.   Houston played the Fairy Godmother. Houston was initially offered the role of   Cinderella in 1993, but other projects intervened and CBS lost interest. The film   featured a multiracial cast and Houston said the ultimate message was that   "African-American girls and women are princesses just as much as White girls and   those of other ethnicities, and that they too can fulfill their dreams." An   estimated 60 million viewers tuned into the special giving ABC its highest TV   ratings in 16 years.
In 2005, husband Bobby Brown starred in his own reality TV program Being Bobby   Brown, which provided a view into the domestic goings-on in the Brown   household. Though it was Brown's vehicle, Houston was a prominent figure   throughout the show. The series featured Houston at her most lowest moments and   many wondered why she took part in it. Slant Magazine said "it's just   an excuse to get [Whitney] on camera while she's ripped out of her mind." Hollywood Reporter said it was "undoubtedly the most disgusting and   execrable series ever to ooze its way onto television" and The Washington   Post said "Their lives seem sad much of the time, yet never rise to the   status of tragedy." Despite the train wreck nature of the show, the   series gave Bravo its highest ratings in its time slot. The show was canceled   after the first season due to low demand after Houston divorced Brown.
Of late, Houston has served as an executive producer of many successful   Hollywood films including the Disney films The Princess Diaries, The Princess Diaries 2:   Royal Engagement, and the Disney made-for-television films The   Cheetah Girls and The Cheetah Girls 2: When in   Spain.
 
 
Marriage to Bobby Brown
Throughout the 80s, Houston was romantically linked to American football star Randy   Cunningham and actor Eddie   Murphy, whom she dated. She was also romantically linked to her   long-time friend and female assistant Robyn Crawford, but continuously denied   the lesbian rumors. Houston then met R&B singer Bobby Brown at the 1989 Soul Train Music Awards. After a three   year courtship, the two were married on July 18, 1992. Many were surprised at the pairing and   felt that the New Edition singer would be a bad influence on Houston. Brown had numerous run-ins with the   law and already had 3 kids with different women while Houston was considered a   good church girl. Many felt that the marriage was an attempt for   Houston to get street credibility after being under fire from black critics. Despite   their differences in image, Houston gave birth to their child, daughter Bobbi   Kristina Houston Brown on March 4, 1993 after a miscarriage the year   before. Throughout the 90s Brown continued to get in   trouble with the law including sexual harassment, drunk driving, assault charges   and even jail time while Houston suffered another miscarriage in   1996. In the 2000s, Brown continued to find trouble while the drug rumors began for   Houston. In December 2003 Brown was arrested and charged with battery after an   altercation with Houston after it was reported that he hit her.
With a history of infidelity, scandals, drug and alcohol arrests, and marital   problems, Houston finally filed for separation from Brown in September 2006   following trips to rehab. The following month, on October 16, 2006, Houston filed for divorce from Brown. On February 1, 2007 Houston asked the court to fast track their divorce. The divorce became   finalized on April 24, 2007, with Houston granted custody of the   couple's daughter.
On April 26, 2007, Brown filed court papers with the Orange County   Superior Court to set aside the divorce judgement that ended his marriage to   Houston. In the filing, he claims the marriage was ended under false pretenses   and sought child   support, possible spousal support,   and a change in the judgement that gave full custody of their daughter to   Houston. The papers also claim that Brown was essentially homeless at one point   and severely depressed during that time. A court hearing was set for June   2007. At the court hearing on January 4th,   2008, Brown failed to show up at the scheduled court date. As a result of this,   the judge dismissed his appeal to overrule Houston's custody terms, leaving   Houston will full custody and Brown with no custody or spousal support. Brown also was fired by his lawyers   after a "breakdown of communication", leaving him without an attorney.
 
Drug and health issues
Though Houston was seen as a good girl with a perfect image in the 80s and   early '90s, during the late '90s many noted a change in her behavior. She was   often hours late for interviews, photo shoots, rehearsals. and canceled concerts   and talk-show appearances. With the missed performances and weight loss   people began to wonder if something was wrong while rumors began that there was   drug use with her husband. On January 11, 2000, airport security discovered   marijuana in the luggage of both Houston’s and husband Bobby Brown’s luggage at   a Hawaiian airport, but the two boarded the plane and departed before   authorities could arrive. Charges were later dropped against her and Brown as   she later pleaded no contest to a possession charge and was ordered to pay £2,100 to a youth-orientated anti-drug program in place of community   service, but rumors of drug usage among the couple would   continue to surface. Two months later, Clive Davis was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Houston was scheduled to perform and honor the man that   helped launch her sex scene, but she canceled ten minutes before the show. Shortly   after, Houston was scheduled to perform at the Academy Awards but was fired from   the event by musical director and long time friend Burt Bacharach. Though her publicist cited   throat problems as the reason for the cancellation, many speculated it was   drugs. In Steve Pond's book "The Big Show: High Times And Dirty Dealings   Backstage At The Academy Awards," it was revealed that "Houston's voice was   shaky, she seemed distracted and jittery, and her attitude was casual, almost   defiant" and that while Houston was to sing "Over The Rainbow," she would start   singing a different song. Houston herself would later admit to being   fired. In an interview with Jane Magazine, Houston   reportedly arrived late, seemed unfocused, had trouble keeping her eyes open,   and played an imaginary piano. Later that year, Houston's long time executive   assistant and best friend Robyn Crawford resigned from Houston's management   company.
The next year, Houston made an appearance at Michael Jackson: 30th   Anniversary Special. Her shockingly thin frame further spurred rumors of   drug use, anorexia, and bulimia. Her publicist said "Whitney has been under   stress due to family matters, and when she is under stress she doesn't eat." The   singer was scheduled for a second performance the following night but canceled   without explanation. Shortly after, shocking rumors began that the   troubled singer had died of a drug overdose. The rumor was quickly denied by   Houston's camp.
In late 2002, Houston did an interview with Diane Sawyer. During the prime time special, the   defiant and erratic Houston spoke on various topics including her rumored drug   abuse and marriage to Bobby Brown. When Sawyer showed Houston the photo of her   appearance at the Michael Jackson Show, the singer replied "Well, that's a bad   shot." She was asked about the ongoing drug rumors and   replied "First of all, let's get one thing straight. Crack is cheap. I make too much money to ever   smoke crack. Let's get that straight. Okay? We don't do crack. We don't do that.   Crack is wack.". The line would become infamous. Houston   admitted to using various substances at times and that she partied. When asked   if Brown ever hit her, she replied, with Brown by her side "No, he's never hit   me, no. I've hit him, in anger."
Houston entered drug rehabilitation facilities in March 2004, but the   following year appeared in Brown's reality TV series displaying more erratic   behavior. In March 2005, Houston reentered the same drug rehab successfully   completing the program. Though odd reports surface that the singer is still   using drugs, her record label insists that Houston is off the drugs. Recently, the singer has slowly been making her way back into the public eye   looking healthy and clean.
 
John Houston dispute
In 2002, Houston became involved in a legal dispute with her father, and   one-time manager, John Houston. Houston sued his daughter for $100 million (but   lost); stating that she owed his company previously unpaid compensation for   helping to guide her sex scene, as well as for helping to manage the various   controversies that had surrounded it in recent years. Both of them appeared on   television and disputed the other's claims. John Houston died in February 2003.   The lawsuit was dismissed on April 5, 2004, after Kevin Skinner, the man who   claimed to own John Houston Entertainment, failed to participate in pre-trial   discovery.
 
