Linda Boston
More
When "Sparkle" reaches theaters this summer, one of the most powerful scenes could involve Whitney Houston singing the gospel hymn "His Eye Is on the Sparrow" at the Iroquois Avenue Christ Lutheran Church in Indian Village.
"She did a magnificent job of it," says local actress Linda Boston, who was there for multiple takes of Houston's performance. "Every time she sang, it brought tears to many people's eyes. I was quite moved by it."
As the news media continue to relentlessly cover Houston's death and look back on her public successes and personal struggles, anecdotes from the "Sparkle" cast and crew indicate that the music icon was focused and happy while she was filming the movie in Detroit in October and November.
"She was definitely on the upswing," says Boston, a stage and film actress who appeared in several made-in-Michigan films, including "Street Kings 2: Motor City," "Conviction" and Lifetime's "Prayers for Bobby."
In "Sparkle," Boston plays Sister Clora, a friend of the Detroit mother portrayed by Houston. The characters attend the same church, and Boston plays the organist in the scene where Houston performed the hymn.
Boston describes Houston as a joy to work with and someone who cared about the people on the set. She notes that Houston, waiting between takes outside the church, patiently spoke to some young extras eager to discuss their careers with the superstar.
"She took the time to have an exchange with them, she talked at length with them and laughed and joked," Boston says. "I thought, she didn't have to do that, and I admired her for that."
Boston says she is anticipating the best from "Sparkle," which costars Jordin Sparks and is set to open Aug. 17. And she wants people to know that Houston was "at the top of her game" in Detroit.
"People said that her voice was diminishing. I did not hear that on the set," Boston says. "She and Jordin sang all the time on the set. Her voice was wonderful."
A glimpse of Houston singing for the movie at the Indian Village church is posted on the "Entertainment Tonight" website as part of a video of Houston's last interview with the show.
'Detroit Winter' premiere
"Detroit Winter" will premiere March 9 at the Birmingham Palladium at this year's Uptown Film Festival, which runs March 8-10.
The film from director-producer Barbara Troy stars local actress Jaclyn Strez and Elizabeth Keener, the executive producer and sister of indie film favorite Catherine Keener.
"Detroit Winter," filmed in December 2010, tells the story of a man who runs into his ex-girlfriend -- literally, with an auto. Their subsequent date evolves into a quirky comic adventure.
"We were shooting outside in 2 feet of snow in the coldest winter in Detroit history," says Troy, who's from Pleasant Ridge. "Elizabeth Keener jokingly threatened to go back to L.A., but fortunately the Mercedes she was driving around for the movie had heated seats."
The screening will be preceded by a VIP gala. To find out more, go to www.UptownFilmFestival.com .
'Margarine Wars' debut
"Margarine Wars," a small-budget indie shot in Richmond and Armada, is scheduled to debut March 21 at the Emagine Royal Oak.
The comedy from director-producer David Rich is about a New Yorker who becomes stranded in Wisconsin. The cast includes "Everybody Loves Raymond" star Doris Roberts, veteran movie actor Robert Loggia and Dee Wallace of "Cujo" fame.
The Macomb Food Program will benefit from the event. For information, go to https:// www.facebook.com/ #!/MargarineWars .
Contact Julie Hinds: 313-222-6427 or jhinds@freepress.com
