Likes (18)
Whitney Houston's official cause of death has not yet been determined, but it's safe to say that most people believe that drugs and/or alcohol had something to do with whatever went down in her hotel bathroom the other night. I mean, they had to be involved -- right?
If there was any doubt over whether Whitney was partying a little too hard and partaking in the drink, the fight with X-Factor singer Stacy Francis that Whitney is said to have had just two nights before her death offers a few good clues as to the emotional state that Whitney was in during those last hours of her life.
According to RadarOnline , Whitney flew off the handle after finding Stacy chatting it up with her boyfriend, Ray J, at Tru Nightclub in Hollywood. Of course, no woman likes to see her man getting friendly with another woman, so you can't really blame Whit for wanting to put Stacy in her place. However, it sounds like she definitely took things a bit too far by screaming:
This is my man! I'm a cougar! B*tch, get away from my man!
Supposedly Whitney had been hitting the tequila bottle pretty hard all night, and as we all know, booze definitely makes you let go of your inhibitions. The night ended with Whitney pushing Stacy and Stacy pushing her back. And if Whitney was as drunk as onlookers say she was, then it really isn't a huge surprise that she lashed out at Stacy Francis. The alcohol likely clouded her perception of what was going on between Stacy and Ray J, and it's a safe bet that Stacy wasn't as big of a threat as Whitney thought.
More from The Stir: Whitney Houston Dies & Cruel Celeb Death Rumors Follow
Seriously though, why on earth would someone who seemingly has it all choose to suck back tequila all night and then get on stage and sing for a crowd? Whitney must have been going through a lot more emotional distress at that point in her life than people probably picked up on. Anyone who is highly intoxicated and then gets heated and violent has a lot more going on beneath the surface. And as much as we love her and would like to believe that she had cleaned up her act -- it's looking more and more like she was on a downward spiral.
Perhaps the saddest part of Whitney Houston's death isn't that the world lost an amazing talent. It's the fact that she's shaping up to be yet another Hollywood statistic of a celebrity who totally lost her way and turned to substances to hide her pain. But regardless of how she passed -- she will most definitely be missed.
What were you doing when you found out that Whitney Houston had died?
 
About the author Mary Fischer
is the writer behind The Mommyologist, a popular parenting blog that totally lacks a filter. When not glued to her laptop, Mary is trying to learn how to walk correctly in heels and trying to convince the world that she invented the Crystal Light martini.
