Share Email Print
Stevie wonder performs while fans view from media truck Fans on the street outside of Whitney Houston's Funeral gathered around a media truck to see Stevie Wonder perform a special version of "Ribbon in the Sky" (Video by Adya Beasley / The Star-Ledger) Watch video
NEWARK — As the nearly four-hour funeral for Whitney Houston drew to an end Saturday afternoon, A. Curtis Farrow, who helped the family organize the service, gave a nod to all the celebrities filling the pews at New Hope Baptist Church.
"As you all know, you can see we have more stars here than the Grammys," Farrow, the church's chairman of sacred music, said as he directed guests how to exit.
There were, of course, expected guests, the ones whose dedications to Houston comprised not just words but song: Stevie Wonder, Alicia Keys, R. Kelly and gospel singers Kim Burrell, Donnie McClurkin and the Winans family (BeBe, CeCe, Marvin and Carvin).
Then there were those who paid their respects from every other part of the entertainment industry: Houston's "Bodyguard" co-star, Kevin Costner; her musical director, Rickey Minor; her "industry father," Clive Davis; film director Tyler Perry; Oprah Winfrey; her "industry uncle," music executive L.A. Reid; actor Forest Whitaker; Newark's Queen Latifah; singers Mariah Carey, Mary J. Blige and Roberta Flack.
Also: Missy Elliott, songwriter Diane Warren; Ray J, an R&B singer Houston had been seen with not long before her death; his sister, the singer Brandy; singer Darlene Love; actress Angela Bassett; actress Vivica A. Fox; singers M.C. Hammer and Kelly Price; director Spike Lee; TV personality Star Jones; actress Cicely Tyson; singer Jennifer Hudson, who performed a tribute to Houston at the recent Grammy Awards.
Kevin Costner, who attended with his wife Christine Baumgartner, said they were received with open arms at the Newark church and talked about his background in the Baptist church, something he and Houston shared.
In his poignant speech, Costner remembered her "Bodyguard" screen test.
"She would have to be great," he said. They waited a year to film while Whitney was on tour.
The Star-LedgerSinger Alicia Keys was among the many celebrity guests at Whitney Houston's funeral service in Newark.
He called her "arguably the greatest pop star in the world," but also one who "didn't think she was good enough," he said, remembering her self-doubt.
"I held her hand and told her that she looked beautiful, that I would be there with her every step of the way, but I could still feel the doubt," said Costner. "You weren't just good enough ... you were great," he said, speaking to Houston. "You made the picture what it was," he said, referring to "The Bodyguard."
"A lot of leading men could have played my part ... But you Whitney, I truly believe, were the only one who could have played Rachel Marron at that time. ... People didn't just like you, Whitney, they loved you."
Although Dionne Warwick — Houston's cousin and the ceremony's frequent emcee — started to introduce her, Aretha Franklin, Houston's godmother, did not make the funeral due to illness.
While Franklin may have been missed, another high-powered voice of pop, Alicia Keys, spoke to Whitney's role as a guardian to a younger generation of singers, including herself.
"She would call me 'Keys on the keys,'" she said, sitting at a piano, her voice echoing on the microphone near it.
"We came up with this funny nickname for each other," she said. "Meemah." Strangely, Keys' son recently said "Meemah, Meemah!"
Keys spoke of Whitney as a warm, accessible influence, "A really, really caring, beautiful, thoughtful human being ... Call you for no reason at all but to say hi. That's rare, I think, sometimes." Keys said Houston also acted as a big sister to other young singers: Monica, Brandy and Jordin Sparks.
Enlarge Tony Kurdzuk/The Star-Ledger Walking with an unidentified woman, Bobby Brown, ex-husband of Whitney Houston, leaves the New Hope Baptist Church where Houston's funeral is being held today. Tony Kurdzuk/The Star-Ledger Whitney Houston funeral photos: part 3 gallery (23 photos)
Enlarge Star-Ledger Staff Pallbearers place the casket of Whitney Houston into a hearse after the rousing funeral service at New Hope Baptist Church in Newark. (Noah K. Murray/The Star Ledger) Whitney Houston funeral photos: part 4 gallery (53 photos)
Enlarge Star-Ledger Staff About an hour before the funeral for Whitney Houston  is scheduled to begin, fans begin to sign a gigantic card as part of the scene on Sussex Avenue near Jay Street. Andrew Mills/The Star-Ledger Whitney Houston funeral photos: part 2 gallery (39 photos)
She "made us feel strong and capable, and loved."
Starting on the piano, finding it hard to start singing, Keys belted out a loud, commanding chorus: "Can you send an angel?"
That last word soared to the heights of the church.
ON THE GUEST LIST
The following celebrities were at the funeral ceremony, according to Star-Ledger reporters and Newark police and City Hall officials:
- Angela Bassett
