16) GOOGLE… Religion Creates 250,000 Child Prostitutes
17) YOUTUBE SEARCH – 1/3 Vatican-100,000 Torture/Murder, 321,000 Crime Actusations-Canadian Children ” Duplessis Orphans”
GOOGLE / YOUTUBE SEARCH..TITLES, KEYWORDS…LINKS HAVE AND ARE BEING TAMPERED WITH..REDIRECTING TO ERROR, ETC. PAGES..SO THE TRUTH DOESN’T GET OUT..COPY ALL COMPLETELY REPOST ON TRUTH: SITES / BLOGS, VIDEO SHARING SITES..FLOOD THE INTERNET WITH ONLY THE TRUTH NOW…TARGET ALL NWO MEMBERS..SHUT THEM DOWN..( NOTE THE COMMENTS AREAS UNDER VIDEOS, BLOGS, ETC. ) REMOVE ALL DISINFORMATION ON THE INTERNET NOW..TIME IS SHORT !!!!
!!!! ( COMPUTER HACKERS / GENIUSES / “THINK TANKS” / THOSE IN POSITIONS TO FIGHT THIS HELLISH NWO ( GLOBAL UNION )..MAKE SURE THAT THE ARTICLES, LINKS, PDFs…ARE NOT REMOVED..THAT THE ARTICLES, VIDEOS, ETC. ARE IN GOOGLE AND DIRECT READERS, VIEWERS TO THE ARTICLES, VIDEOS, PDFs, ETC. …NSA CONTROLS ALL – EXAMPLE ..GOOGLE, SOCIAL WEB SITES..TWITTER, FACEBOOK, EHARMONY, CHRISTMINGLE.COM,  YOUTUBE, ALL SOCIAL WEB SITES, PROFILING PEOPLE FOR MARSHAL LAW, ETC. TAKE OVER AND CONTROL THESE WEB / BLOG, VLOGS, ETC. SITES NOW…GET ONLY THE TRUTH OUT NOW…TIME IS SHORT !!!!
18) !!!.URGENT ALERT SENATE HAS NOW PASSED S.1867…NDAA (Late on 121) .avi http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lh2QnXEc3
19) !!! GOOGLE IF LINKS DON’T WORK..NOTE WHEN I PUT LINKS TO SENSITIVE SUBJECTS..LINKS ARE TAMPERED WITH & DON’T WORK..JUST HIGHLIGHT,COPY,PASTE
20) !!!..”Do Not Be Deceived: S 1867 Is The Most Dangerous Bill Since The Patriot Act”.. http://members.beforeitsnews.com/story/1449/492/NL/
21) !!! Armed U.S. Police Officers Will Be Allowed To Operate In Canada… http://members.beforeitsnews.com/story/1449/403/NL/
22)  google ..ALL DEMOCRATS & ALL REPUBLICANS ARE CONTROLLED & MEMBERS IN THE JESUIT / ILLUMINATI ( BOTH ABOVE 33RD DEGREE LUCIFER ( SATAN ) WORSHIPPING FREEMASONS ( WHO HAVE INFILTRATED EVERY ORGANIZATION, EVERY RELIGION, EVERY AREA THAT TOUCHES OUR LIVES !!
23).  google..Know What You Worship and Call “Patriotism” !” = FREEMASON / SATANISM / OCCULT / SECRET SOCIETIES, … ( TOP LEVELS 33RD DEGREE UP WORSHIP LUCIFER — )
24) . google…The Democrats Vs. Republicans Hoax — NWO Members All — Working Together (While Pretending To Argue & Work Against One Another) To Bring The New World In
25) . google…!!! INFO — Computer Programmer’s Testimony How Elections Are Rigged ( All Elections Are Rigged That Matter..Undetectable, Plus… )
26)  google..OPERATION VAMPIRE KILLER 2000 American Police Action Plan for Stopping World Government Rule
27) . google..The Bankruptcy Of The United States
28) . Google..”Organizational chart of the Rothschild Occupational Government” .CRITICAL..USA law is under U.C.C. / B.A.R. British Accredited Registry No Constitutional Rights
29) . google..THE BOONDOCK SAINTS — GETTING RID OF CRIMINALS, EVIL THAT PLAGUE ALL LAW ABIDING, GOOD PEOPLE WORLD WIDE ..INCLUDING THE COMPLETE SCRIPT
30). Google.. “The United States Isn’t a Country – It’s a Corporation – Due to the ACT OF 1871 !”
_____________
END
ERIC JON PHELPS QUOTES….THIS IS A MUST READ ESPECIALLY NOW !!!
The Jesuits obviously wrote the Protocols because they have carried out every protocol in that little handbook. Alberto Rivera says that it was Jews aligned with the Pope who published the Protocols. Well, I tend to feel that it was just the Jesuits themselves because they and they alone, were the ones who were able to bring this to pass.
They’re the ones in the government. They’re the ones behind professional sports. The owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers is a Knight of Malta. The owner of the Detroit Lions is a Knight of Malta. All your top owners of these ball clubs, for the most part, are Knights of Malta, getting the people whooped up in this hoopla over games and sports, while they’re busy creating a tyranny. So, that was one of the things in the Protocols-that they would create ‘amusements’.
Another one they used was Walt Disney, 33rd-degree Freemason-Disneyworld, Disneyland. Another one was Milton Hersey, with Hersey Park. They create all of these amusements and games and pastimes to get the people drunk with pleasure, while they’re busy overthrowing the Protestant form of government…….. the High Knights are good, dear brothers with the High Mafia Dons-the Gambinos, the Lucchese, the Columbos, all of them. And they control Hollywood, not the Jews. It’s only Jews who are front-men who are involved in Hollywood and working for the Mafia and for the Cardinal, just like in politics it would be Arlen Spector. Arlen Spector was Spelly’s [Cardinal Spellman's] Jew in the assassination [of President Kennedy], and he would never say a word about it.— Eric Jon Phelps
One of the maxims of the spiritual exercises is that if my superior says ‘black is white and white is black’, then that’s the way it is. That is in his spiritual exercises. That is what is quoted in JFK, when Kevin Costner is telling his people: ‘Hey, people, we’ve got to start thinking like the CIA. Black is white and white is black.’ That was a Jesuit giveaway that the Jesuits produced that movie, because they’re quoting Ignatius Loyola in that movie from his spiritual exercises. Eric Jon Phelps
So, Loyola had an indomitable will. He had a will of steel, and he set his mind to regain back what the Papacy had lost to the Reformation. And so, he went to the Pope, and the Pope in 1540 then created the Jesuit Order. But this man is a soldier, he’s a lawyer, and he put together a legion of soldiers and warriors to get back what Rome had lost, as well as institute a World Government for the Pope, from Jerusalem. This was in 1540.
He started the Order in 1536. He was arrested by the Inquisition, and he was released, and he went to the Pope; he threw himself at the feet of the Pope. He would be completely at his service. The Pope chartered him, and that Pope was Pius III. The Pope chartered them, created the Jesuit Order; now he has Papal protection, and they began their awful history of deeds of blood. And war after war after war after war, they’re all attributed to the Jesuit Order in some way. Catholic nobles, with lots of money, donated castles and schools and money to the Jesuit Order. Eric Jon Phelps
The Knights of Columbus implement Jesuit politics. And Louis Freeh was the one behind the Waco atrocity and the Oklahoma City bombing atrocity. And his top sniper was a Japanese Roman Catholic named Lon Horiuchi. So, it’s Roman Catholics in control, Knights in control of the FBI, who carried out all of this killing. And those two men, Louis Freeh and Lon Horiuchi are personally accountable to Cardinal O’Connor of New York Eric Jon Phelps
The Council of Trent was the response of Rome to the Protestant Reformation. Remember-the Protestant Reformation brought us all of the political liberty that we know of today. There’s no such thing as national sovereignty without the Reformation. There’s no such thing as private rights without the Reformation. There’s no such thing as the Law of Nations, as we know of it today, of Montesquieu and the others, without the Reformation.  Eric Jon Phelps
In the 4th Session, which is probably the most important Session, the Jesuits condemn freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of conscience. So, no man has the right to choose his own religion; no man has the right to publish what he feels is the truth; and no man has the right to freedom of conscience.
Harry Truman was put in office by the Jesuits, the Pensergast Democratic machine in Missouri. Harry Truman takes over after FDR’s murder, because he was murdered in the home of Bernard Baruch. When he did that, he then finished up the war with the hoax called the dropping of the nuclear bombs, to purposely create this greater hoax called the Cold War, that would enable the Vatican to knock over country after country after country, and replace the leaders with dictators, subordinate to the Pope. That was the purpose of the Cold War.   Eric Jon Phelps
The reason why Kennedy was assassinated was he wanted to end the Vietnam War, and he wanted to end the rule of the CIA. That begets two questions: Did Rome want the Vietnam War? And, did Rome control the CIA? The answer is yes on both counts. We know, on its face, that the Vietnam War was called ‘Spelly’s War’-Cardinal Spellman’s war. He went over to the warfront many times and he called the American soldiers the ‘soldiers of Christ’. The man who was the Commander of the American forces was a Roman Catholic, CFR member, possibly a Knight of Columbus, I don’t know, but he was General William Westmoreland.
So, Westmoreland was Cardinal Spellman’s agent to make sure that war was prosecuted properly. And another overseer of Westmoreland was Cardinal Spellman’s boy, Lyndon Baines Johnson. Lyndon Baines Johnson was a 33rd-degree Freemason. He was also part of the assassination, with J. Edgar Hoover, another 33rd-degree Freemason.
……..Spellman wanted the Vietnam War, why? Spellman was controlled by the Jesuits of Fordham. Why did the Jesuit General want the Vietnam War? The people of Vietnam, the Buddhists, were unconvertible. They would not convert to Catholicism. They didn’t need Rome.
There had been a Jesuit presence in Vietnam for centuries, so it had been decided that about a million or so Buddhists would have to be ‘purged’. They would later continue this purge of Cambodia, with Pol Pot, and the purge is yet for Thailand. It was a purging of Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam of all these Buddhists, just like they purged the Buddhists of China with Mao Zedong, because Mao Zedong was completely controlled by the Jesuits. So, they wanted the Vietnam War.   Eric Jon Phelps
The other thing is that Rome is in control of the drug trade. The Vatican controls all of the drug trade-all of the heroin, all of the opium, all of the cocaine, everything going around in Columbia. Columbia has a concordat with the Pope. A concordat is a treaty with the Pope. Hitler had a concordat. Mussolini had a concordat. Franco had a concordat. They want to set up a concordat here, which was the reason for Reagan formally recognizing the sovereign state of Vatican City in 1984. The greatest traitor we ever had was Ronald Reagan.
So, they had a concordat. Columbia has a concordat. Do you think that drugs running out of Columbia, with a country that has a concordat with Rome, is not controlled by Rome? If Rome didn’t want the drug trade out of Columbia, they’d end the concordat. The whole drug trade is run by high Mafia families out of the country of Columbia, subject to the Jesuit General.
And the Jesuit General ran the Opium trade, a couple of centuries ago, out of China. They ran the silk trade, the pearl trade. The movie Shogun is but a slight scratching of the surface of the Jesuit ‘black ships’ that trafficked in all of this silk and pearls and gold and opals and everything they could pull out of the East, including opium.
The Vietnam War was to consolidate and control this huge massive drug-trade that would inundate every American city with drugs, being brought in by the CIA with their Air America, and then distributed by the Trafficante family throughout the United States-Santos Trafficante out of Miami.
So we have the Mafia and the CIA working together in the drug trade. We have the Mafia and the CIA working together in the assassination of Kennedy.   Eric Jon Phelps
Well, the Jesuits had brought in all of their top Nazi SS soldiers into the CIA because the Jesuits were using the SS to kill the Jews in Europe. When the Einsatzgruppen went into Russia, the Jesuits followed with the SS and purged Western Russia of all its Jews. That’s why Stalin deliberately killed 40,000 of his best officers. That’s why he kicked out his best generals, purged them, because he wanted to make sure that the Red Army would lose with the advance of the German army, because following that would come the SS and purge Russia of the Jews that Stalin so hated. And by the way, justice is often poetic because Stalin’s daughter married a Jew.
Now, the CIA was composed of the SS. The CIA now was an arm-and the intelligence arm-of the Vatican. The Knights of Malta were throughout. Casey was a Knight of Malta. Angleton was a Knight of Malta. The Knights were through and through. Angleton manned the ‘Vatican desk’, and that is a desk within the CIA that has a direct link to the Vatican.    Eric Jon Phelps
Thus for anyone attempting to end the CIA, and attempting to end the Vietnam War, and also because he attacked the Jesuits’ Federal Reserve Bank by printing United States Notes, they got rid of him. They killed our only Roman Catholic president.
And it’s another piece of poetic justice that a Roman Catholic-not Protestants, like Harry Truman, FDR, and others-it’s a Roman Catholic who truly sought to resist the temporal power of the Pope in this country. And in many ways, even though Kennedy was, in fact, a socialist and communist, at least he resisted the temporal power of the Pope. And for that we should be thankful and remember his name.
But what have they done to his name? They’ve slammed it. They drag it into the dirt. Every time you see it on TV, they parade before you his womanizing, which I don’t deny, but my goodness, can’t we give him some credit where credit is due? That’s why they got rid of John F. Kennedy.
And then, of course, as soon as he’s assassinated, John McCone, the head of the CIA, the following day goes to the White House and they reverse Kennedy’s Memorandum of reversing the Vietnam War and make a full-scale, carte blache war.
The CIA then is tremendously and heavily funded, because it was a CIA war. And there they tried all of their new technology, their anti-gravity machines, their men who they’re trying to make like the ‘million-dollar man’. They tried out all their new technology in Vietnam. It was a great experimental theater, and Kennedy knew this. He knew it, and he knew that the American people had no idea what was going down, and he still tried to resist it, against his father’s warnings. Because his father was the most powerful Knight of Malta in the Empire. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
So, payback time was coming for Japan. The Emperor had expelled them, so that dynasty was targeted. Ultimately, the Emperor would be destroyed or his dynasty would end. And so payback time was the mass fire-bombings by the American Air Force, financed by the Jesuits, as the Jesuits own Lockheed, Boeing, McDonald-Douglas, and Grumman, and they used their B-29 to firebomb Japan to smithereens. You can get the fact that the Jesuits control these aircraft companies from Avro Manhattan’s The Vatican Billions. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
According to Tom Kuncle, in his publication, John F. Kennedy, Jr. wanted to find his father’s real killers, and he had the power to publish the conclusion. So, they took him out right away. They would not allow that to happen. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
The Royal Institute of International Affairs is the same as the American Council on Foreign Relations (CFR). The Royal Institute runs England and the British Empire, what was once the extension of the British, just as the CFR runs our country. They’re sister organizations. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
So, after they murder Henry IV with Ravaillac, when they stabbed him through his heart, according to Sully in his memoirs, they murdered Henry IV for this, and also for attempting to reinforce the Dutch. They then, in 1685-when the Beatles are singing about the ‘Sun King’ in their ‘white’ album, they’re singing about Louis XIV. And that’s telling you that the Beatles are Jesuit-controlled. The Sun King, Louis XIV who reigned, who rules over France for, I believe, 60 years, he, because of his Jesuit confessor, Pere La Chaise, revokes the Edict of Nantes, and with that, no more religious freedom in France.
In 1641, the massacre began, carried out by Roman Catholic nobles and the mobs in Ireland. When they started that massacre, it continued from 1641 to 1649. The massacre ended when they killed 150,000, but they still taught the Catholic children to kill the Protestant children. So, Irish Protestants were being massacred, enmasse, for 8 years.
This is NEVER told whenever anybody is ever talking about Oliver Cromwell, when Cromwell came up with his Puritan Army and ended that, when he took Drogheda, and killed every living thing in Drogheda-men, women, children, animal, everything.
Ones say: ‘Oh, the beast Oliver Cromwell. Look what he did to Drogheda!’ What about those beasts killing those Irish Protestants for 8 years, bashing out the brains of the little babies, smashing them up against the walls like they did, led by the priests?
This was just like they did in Croatia with the Serbs in World War II, when they gouged-out the eyes of all the Serbians, where one particular priest had 23 kilos worth of eyes. They were doing the same thing to the Irish Protestants.
So, when Cromwell came up, and it was vengeance for the Irish Massacre, and the Irish Massacre was NOT started by the Protestants, it was started by the Jesuits according to Fox’s Book Of Martyrs. And you can find the whole narration there, which was a classic that all Englishmen used to read with the King James Bible. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Elizabeth II is a wicked, evil queen. She is the head of the Knights of Malta in England. She curtsies to the Lord Mayor in Old London, and she goes and visits the Jesuits of Stonyhurst and kisses their derrières. She has complete allegiance to the Jesuits of Stonyhurst, and will do anything they tell her to do, or they’ll get rid of her just like they got rid of all the rest of the monarchs in Europe……She’s just a pawn, sure. She’s nothing. Remember, White men rule the world. Evil, White, sodomite, homosexual men rule the world, and these are the High Jesuits, with their High Knights of Malta and High Freemasons, they rule. And these women who are involved are just pawns in their game, like the queen, the queen of Holland, just to give the appearance that these nations have a sovereign monarch, when in fact, they’re just tools. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
The Jesuit General is in complete control of the international intelligence community: that’s the CIA, the FBI, the KGB, the Israeli Mossad, the German BND, the British SIS. The Jesuit General is in COMPLETE CONTROL of the entire intelligence apparatus-FBI, every bureaucratic agency in this country, all of it; he is in complete control of it.
The Jesuit General is the absolute, complete, and total dictator and autocrat of the Order. When he speaks, his provincials move. The provincials are his major subordinates. There are around 83 provincials right now.
As I understand it, the Jesuit Order has divided the world into 83 regions. Ok? For each region, there is a Jesuit provincial. There are 10 provincials in the United States. There is one for Central America. There is one for Ireland. They’ve divided up the world into these provinces.
So it’s old Babylonian provincial government, centered in Nebuchadnezzar or the Jesuit General himself; so it’s strictly a Roman form of government where all the states or provinces are subordinate to this worldwide sovereign.
The Jesuit General exercises full and complete power over the Order. He meets with his provincials. When they decide to start a war or an agitation, he gets the information from the provincial of that country, how best to go about this, the demeanor of the people, and then he uses legitimate grievances to foam an agitation-like the 1964 Civil Rights Movement. That was ALL a Jesuit agitation, completely, because the end result was more consolidation of power in Washington with the 1964 Civil Rights Act that was written by [the longtime President of the University of Notre Dame, the Reverend] Theodore Hesburgh. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
 But the Count doesn’t get what he really ought to have, or his last wish, and that’s the love of woman. He gains back all of his political power; he gains back everything he lost; but he doesn’t have the love of a woman. And THAT is the Jesuit Order. They have no women. They have no love of a woman. Because to have a wife, to have a woman, means you have an allegiance to your wife and family, and you cannot obey the General. That’s why they will NEVER be married, and that’s one of the great KEYS to their success.
They can betray a nation and walk away. They can betray all the Irish Catholics getting on the Titanic, and walk away. They can betray us in Vietnam and walk away. They can betray us every time we go to the hospital and get radiated and cut and drugged, and walk away, because it’s ‘for the greater glory of God’-Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam: the greater glory of the god who sits in Rome. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
The present government of Israel was set up by the High Masonic Rothschild-controlled Jews, and Rothschild has had an alliance with the Jesuit General since 1876, with Adam Weishaupt. This is the very same Rothschild powers who betrayed the Jews into the hands of the Nazis, killing many Jews all throughout Europe, betraying their own Jewish people. These are the very same powers who run the nation of Israel today.
I read a very interesting paragraph by Mark Lane in his book Plausible Denial when he tells about a Jew in Israel who wrote about certain criminal Jews, involved with the Nazis, who are now with the Mossad, something along those lines. The man who wrote the article was gunned-down in front of his home.
So, Rome controls the Israeli government. It controls the Israeli government through the Mossad.
Who trained the Mossad? Reinhard Gehlen.
We find that fact in Loftus’ work The Secret War Against The Jews in most telling, telling detail. So what do we have? We have high-level treason and betrayal of the Jewish race; that is there in Israel today, by their own leaders, who are loyal to Rome and the Jesuit Order. And to show this, we have a great big Rockefeller edifice in Jerusalem; we have an ophthalmology center in Jerusalem run by the Knights of Malta. There’s nothing but Knights of Malta, high-level Freemasonry, and the Jesuit Order running all of Israel.
So what’s going to happen, I believe, with the Dome of the Rock is, that has got to be removed-somehow, someway. It’s on the Temple site; it has to be removed.
If I was the Jesuit General, I would make- somehow, someway-American bombers do it. Because I want to create universal hatred for this nation of the United States, because in the United States there are more Protestants and more Jews than any country in the world, and ‘we’ve’ got to kill all those people. So what better way than to create a Jihad, a Moslem fanatical attack against the United States, coupled with a Chinese invasion from the East. That’s what I think is going to happen.
The Jews are not going to destroy that Temple site because, if they do, Rome will destroy their efforts of rebuilding the Temple.  Because, if Moslems control all of Jerusalem, that Temple will never be rebuilt. It has to stay in Jewish hands-because the Jews, and rightfully so, need their own homeland. They’re entitled to the nation. And they haven’t had their own Temple of worship. They are rightfully entitled to that.
But what they don’t know is that they are being used by the Jesuits to rebuild their own Temple, that they would love to have rebuilt, for the Pope, so he can sit there and be the man of sin, the Anti-Christ of the Book of Daniel, Chapter 9. That’s what I see coming for Israel.
The assassination of Rabin? He wanted to give away too much. He probably wanted to give away some of Jerusalem. The Jesuits will never allow that. So, his bodyguards just step aside and the Mossad kills him. And nothing more is ever heard.
Rome’s-the Jesuit General’s-international intelligence community carries out all high-level assassinations, kills anybody who’s against their program. And Cromwell knew this, back in his day, and that’s why he protected himself-160 of his finest ‘ironsides’ as his bodyguards, and no one got to him. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Alan Greenspan is a Jew, probably a Freemason, because he is the leader of the Temple called the ‘Federal Reserve Bank’ and they always put Jews in the forefront-so that they can blame all of what they do on the Jewish race in this country, to create an anti-Semitism everywhere, just like Charles Coughlin, the radio Jesuit priest of the ’30s did.
Greenspan, Bloomenthal, Warburg, and all those Jews need to be publicly rebuked, because they are creating the mass genocide of the Jewish race in the United States. The Jews are being blamed right now for the foreign policy in Bosnia. Madeline Albright-she’s a Jew-they’re blaming her for what’s going on in Serbia. I’ve got a good Serbian friend who blames her. I said she’s just a pawn of the Jesuit CFR. Don’t blame the Jewish people. It’s these Jewish ‘pawns’ who are loyal to the Pope and the Jesuits who are doing this.
The Zionists-the Jesuits are the Great Zionists. They control all of the historical High Zionists-Theodor Herzl, David Ben-Gurion, Golda Meir. Zionism is a Masonic term, coined by the Jesuits. They are the rulers; they are the Protocols; they are the Elders of Zion. So the Zionists are, indeed, evil and wicked; but they are controlled by Rome. The Jews are not all Zionists.
I remember when I went to Jerusalem and Israel in 1976, and a lady said to this particular man that I had met: ‘You’re more of a Zionist than we are!’ And I thought: ‘What does that mean? I don’t understand that.’
I only later understood why Yasser Arafat says he doesn’t hate the Jews; he can’t stand the Zionists. And I’m thinking: ‘What’s the difference?’ I, later, learned that there is a great difference between those Zionists and the other Jews. The Orthodox Jews can’t stand the Zionists.
So what’s the difference? The Zionists are socialist communists, controlled by Rome. They are atheists, just like the Jesuits, although they’re being used to rebuild the nation of Israel. They are the enemies of the Jewish people, per se.
There’s no conflict going on in the Middle East. There’s no conflict going on with the Arab nations. All of the Arab nations are under the command of Masonic kings or iotollas. Saddam Hussein is no enemy of George Bush; they’re both brothers, brothers of the lodge. That whole thing was set up to kill off a whole bunch of Arabs for the protection of the Zionist state of Israel.
Martin: Well, Bush and Saddam were business partners. We’ve covered that in recent past issues of our newspaper.
Phelps: Sure. That’s why they never killed Saddam. They could have easily killed him. The CIA can kill anybody they want to. They could have easily killed Saddam and got out. They could use their own Arab agents in there. Saddam was a very important tool.
They keep the Arab peoples and nations at bay by controlling them through their leaders. Or, when they start to get out of control in their Moslem fanaticism, they then foment a war and kill off a whole bunch of them. Make sense? The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
They need to come out and tell the truth. This whole ‘house of cards’-and that’s what it is, this is not an undefeatable, invincible monster-it’s a house of cards; it plays on FEAR. If men would tell the truth, and come out and tell what they know, and not be afraid, this whole house of cards would crumble. That’s what they need to do.
 Avery Dulles is the son of John Foster Dulles, Secretary of State, I believe, under Eisenhower. Avery Dulles is a Jesuit, and he was the nephew of the head of the CIA during the Kennedy assassination, who was Allan Dulles. And Allan Dulles was a Freemason, also called ‘the gentleman spy’ in the book The Gentleman Spy.  Angelton was the one who was to ‘investigate’ it on the part of the CIA. (laughter) Angelton also, I believe, was liaison to the Warren Commission-no, that was Dulles. But Angelton and Dulles were working together on that, because Angelton was the Chief of Counter-Intelligence and he manned the Vatican Desk, and he manned the Israeli Desk.
See how they’re maintaining the Zionists in power, with the Israeli Desk? So, they saved Israel’s hide in the ’73 war, because Kissinger almost lost it for them. Alexander Haig gave them, the Israelis, those anti-tank missiles, and got them in their hands before the Egyptians got into Israel and disabled them. That was Alexander Haig, Knight of Malta, for which reason he was also the Supreme Allied Commander for NATO, promoted over 260 of his peers. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Clay Shaw was a Knight of Malta. He was the head of the international trade mart in New Orleans. Roman Catholic, homosexual, multi-millionaire, lived lavishly, etc. Clay Shaw was the personal friend of David Ferry. David Ferry was a CIA agent, and was also a pilot for Carlos Marchello-the CIA and the Mafia together. Clay Shaw also was a friend of Lee Oswald, and Garrison proves it.
Here we have Clay Shaw, who was in the CIA. It was admitted by Richard Helms that Clay Shaw was a ‘contract agent’ for the CIA, and the highest security involved in the Kennedy assassination, because he gets an attorney for Dean Andrews who’s subpoenaed by Garrison. So, if Clay Shaw is involved, he’s a Knight of Malta, he’s high CIA, and he can’t go down.
That’s why the court was packed. The judge was biased against Garrison. The defense of Shaw was unlike any before. There was a guy behind, whispering to the defense attorney. That’s not allowed in a courtroom defense.
Shaw HAD to be found innocent, because if he was found guilty, now the CIA is going down. Now we’re going to have a revolution. So, Clay Shaw had to be found not guilty.
But it wasn’t many years after that, he died under suspicious conditions and never had an autopsy. He died of lung cancer. But he’s part of the brotherhood, and the Jesuits are very powerful in New Orleans. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
John McCone was a very powerful industrialist, and one who was part of the military-industrial complex, before he became the head of the CIA. He later went on to become part of, I believe, ITT.
John McCone was another Knight of Malta, head of the CIA, and participated in the Kennedy assassination by virtue of him being its head. And he’s Knight of Malta.
Angelton is a Knight of Malta. Henry Luce is a Knight of Malta. William F. Buckley is a Knight of Malta. And William F. Buckley then ran the National Review-and what does he do? He blames Oswald as the lone assassin. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Where was the picture concocted, for Oswald, as though his head is put on this body that’s not his? It was concocted, probably, I believe, in the Time-Life Building, when they did that, because Time-Life has a whole bunch of CIA agents in it. And, remember, Time-Life is right across the street from St. Patrick’s Cathedral, where Cardinal Spellman was ruling from.
So, Spellman was overseeing the whole thing, with Henry Luce. And, if you get Luce And His Empire, there is a picture in there of Cardinal Spellman, Luce, Grace, Clare Boothe Luce, and Dean Rusk, on the 1963, 4-year anniversary of Time magazine in the Waldorf Astoria, only months before the Kennedy assassination. And there’s Dean Rusk, the architect of the Vietnam War, according to the words of his own son. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Howard Hunt. Howard Hunt is a CIA agent, of course.  He said he was never in Dallas the day of the assassination, but Mark Lane proved that he was. Thank God for Mark Lane. Here’s another Jew getting in the way of the Vatican. Just like Daniel Ellsberg-here’s another Jew getting in the way of the Vatican’s Vietnam War.
You see Jews who are getting in the way of the Vatican, and the Jesuits are furious about it. So here’s Mark Lane; he’s openly defeated William F. Buckley in court before; now he proves that Howard Hunt is a CIA agent, in Dallas the day of the assassination.
The jury came forward with that verdict, and who is Howard Hunt? Howard Hunt is a personal friend of Henry Luce, a correspondent for Time-Life. He’s a personal friend of William F. Buckley. He goes to one of Buckley’s parties at the New York Yacht Club. He knows them both. He knows two of the High Knights.
And guess what? Guess what Howard Hunt is called? He’s called ‘Knight’. (laughter) I wonder what he was-Knight of Columbus, or whatever. But he’s involved with the brotherhood. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
J. Peter Grace was the head of the Knights of Malta in 1963. He is the head of W. R. Grace, and he’s one of the largest shipping tycoons in the world, in control of all the shipping in South America. Grace is a powerful man, or was a powerful man……Flynn is head of the Knights of Malta now, down in Florida where there new office is. They moved from New York to Florida, I think Bocca Raton. They have 11 Knights of Malta on the W. R. Grace board.  And, of course, guess who owns Taco Bell? W. R. Grace.  So now we see W. R. Grace involved in the poisoning of America with fast-food chains, so everybody gets heart disease, clogged arteries, so they can go to bypass surgery and further enrich the medical profession, while carrying out their medical inquisition. Isn’t that clear? So not only are they going to kill all of the American people, but they’re going to make billions doing it. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Cardinal Spellman was, first, very much involved in politics all of his life. Remember, he was trained by the Jesuits at Fordham. He was trained by Jesuits at the American College in Rome. When he came back here, he was taken care of by Nicholas Brady and his wife, multi-billionaires in control of Union Carbide, and various banks, multi-multi-billionaires.
Spellman was part of getting FDR into office, although I believe Cardinal Hayes was the Cardinal. Guess who FDR names as his international agent, during World War II? Francis Spellman. Francis Spellman was throughout the war-front during World War II, going to and from the Vatican, the Allied Army, etc. And, with that, he built a huge network of contacts. He, also, of course, had contacts with the mob.
So, by the time of the Kennedy assassination, we have Cardinal Spellman here, who helped the Nazis get into the United States, with the FBI.
I met one of those Nazis about 6 months ago. I call him Pete. He showed me his Nazi SS overcoat, which is a beautiful overcoat-I’d love to have it. And it was the FBI who brought all of these High Nazis in and resettled them, and gave them money to settle.
Who did that? Francis Spellman, by helping those criminals escape the theater of Europe so that they could not be prosecuted. It’s called the ‘Vatican Ratline’ that Loftus writes about in his Unholy Trinity.
So, Spellman is involved in getting the SS out, helping the Ustashis. Spellman is involved in this whole second 30 Years War of the Vatican in Europe, outlined by Edmond Paris in his Vatican Against Europe.
And so, he is in a perfect place to carry out the assassination. He has contacts with the Knights of Malta in England, with the Knights he controls in America; he has his Jesuit contacts who trained him at Fordham and Rome; he was a personal friend of Pius XII during the war.
He was a personal friend of the secret cold-warrior, Montini, Pius VI. So he is the perfect man, with all of the connections, to carry it out. He has contacts with the CIA, the Knights from the CIA, the Knights from the FBI, in the person of Carthe DeLouthe, who still lives. He had contacts with high-level Freemasonry, with people like J. Edgar Hoover and their raving against Communism, Communism, Communism-international, Godless, Jew Communism.
He and Hoover are bosom, probably bed, partners. And so, Spellman is in a place to be in control of the CIA, the FBI, the Mafia, and through Freemasonry, the Dallas Police Department-like they control every major city’s P.D. And so he carries it out. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
And then he’s also in control of the press, in control of Time and Life, with Henry Luce, so the press never gets it. He’s in control of CBS, with a man named Frank Shakespeare, who was the head of CBS at the time.
So you think Walter Cronkite is going to tell us the truth? No way. He’s in control of CBS, NBC, ABC . They have stocks in it, for heaven’s sake. So, there’s no way the story’s getting out. And he’s in control of the CIA to hit and kill anybody who wants to come out and tell the truth, which is why there’s over a hundred dead witnesses over the last 30 years.
That’s why they took out Fensterwald, in 1992, outlined in the book by that CIA agent First Hand Knowledge, by Morrow. He was a CIA agent. He was in on the Kennedy assassination. He completely outlines it in his book, and he tells of that relationship of the CIA to killing Fensterwald. He dedicates his book to Fensterwald. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
FBI Director Hoover, Earl Warren, Gerald Ford, Johnson-Jesuit tools?
Phelps: Jesuit tools. All 33rd-Degree Freemasons. And remember, the Council of the 33rd Degree is located in Washington. They control all of the Shriners in this country. Washington is controlled by the Jesuits from Georgetown.
The capital of the United States is at Georgetown University, not the White House.
And if you go into the president’s office at Georgetown, you will see a picture of Bill Clinton, kneeling at the grave of Timothy Healy [past president of Georgetown], while the present president, Donovan, who is on the Walt Disney Board, is standing behind him.
I wanted that picture; I wanted a copy of that picture. Those people threw me out of that office. They would not let me have a copy of it. I sent another person, a lady, up there. They would not give it to her. I want that picture, for my book, of Bill Clinton kneeling at the grave of these Jesuits. Can’t get it. But if you go in the president’s office, it’s there.
Georgetown is the capital. They control all Freemasonry. In fact, if you go to Maryland, they’ve got the great big lodge across from a great big Jesuit institution, in Baltimore-a great huge Shriner Lodge is across the street from a Jesuit University. And they’re enemies? The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
 if it’s ever known that the Jesuits killed our first Roman Catholic President, if the Roman Catholics of Northeastern America ever find that out, and ever believe it, the Jesuits are finished here.
This country is the keystone to implementing the temporal power of the Pope around the world. If this country would expel the Jesuits, and we get back our national sovereignty, and we started to be self-governing once again, we would have our liberty, and the Jesuits would be out, and we would begin to experience REAL financial prosperity, and real living. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
 
The Jews, then, were forced out of the nations to Israel. And remember, during World War II, when the Jews tried to escape and they were desperate to get out of Germany, do you think Jew-controlled Russia would let the Jews in? If the Jews really controlled Russia, they could have gone right into Russia. They were not allowed. Stalin would not allow any Jews to go into Russia. Churchill would not allow any Jews to go into England. And that criminal, FDR, would not allow any Jews to come into America. They were not allowed to escape.
They were either to be killed or funneled down through Israel, to be killed by the Mufti, that was working with the SS, Eichmann. Loftus is right. There is a secret war against the Jews, and all of the intelligence communities are waging it.
And the Jews don’t perceive it because their Rabbis, the majority of their Rabbis, are traitors. I talked to a Rabbi in Lancaster County and I told him to look out for the Jesuit Order. He says ‘Oh, they’re some of my best friends!’ Well, that explains it. The Rabbis betray their own people at the hand of these inquisitors. And that’s what they did in World War II, and they’re going to do it here. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
So, the purpose of the Cold War was to kill millions of these heretic, orthodox Buddhists, and to install in their country dictators that will carry out the Inquisition, who are loyal to the Pope.
One of those dictators was Joseph Stalin. And he was given the nuclear device in 1943 by the U.S. government, by the U.S. army. And you can find that in The Unseen Hand by Ralph Epperson. He did a lot of good documentation.
So, they gave him the bomb. I shouldn’t call it ‘the bomb’ because they gave him the nuclear device so that he could detonate it and create the illusion that Russia now has nuclear capability, when a wheel-barrow was a great invention in Russia.
I mean, the Russian soldiers, when they went into Germany and they found toilets, they were dipping their bread in the toilets and eating their bread out of toilets. In Russia they were just savages. They didn’t have technology; they had nothing. All the technology they ever got was given by Vatican-controlled Western corporations, whose inventors were Protestants.
But in the process of so doing, they put Protestant East Germany under Communism to purge the Protestants of East Germany out of the country. That’s why they sent them to Siberia. They put Protestant-Lutheran Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia under Communism, so they deported them all to Siberia. They put the Mennonites of Russia further under Communism, deporting them to Siberia. They deported the Baptists of Russia to Siberia, because they could only do-wimpy, gimpy, powerless, Russian army that it was-we could easily have beat it into the ground, if it had not been financed and supported and built by Henry Ford and Western corporations.
So, wimpy, gimpy Russia has this nuclear device, right? And oh, if we decide to go to war with Russia, well, we might get bombed! There’s mutual, assured destruction. So to keep that from happening, we won’t fight ‘em, and we’ll let them purge the world of all its Protestants. That’s the purpose of the Cold War.
The Cold War then went into China, and the U.S. 7th Fleet, according to the Birch Society, and they’re right about this, blocked Chiang Kai-Shek from being able to go into China and take over the country. So, Mao Se-Dung could get in control, get in power, and then carry out his inquisition against the land owners, against the Buddhists, against all the Protestant missionaries who were in China-just like the good Jesuit pawn that he was.
And so, we have this nonsense Cold War, which enables Rome to put up all their dictators, their Communist dictators, all of them loyal to the Pope-including Ho Chi Minh. Ho Chi Minh had a secret deal with Pope John XXIII, and he was under the advice of a Roman Catholic Bishop all throughout the war.They took Princeton; they took Dartmouth College. All the great Protestant Universities are now in the hands of the Masons and the Jesuits. Harvard has a Jesuit House. They’re controlled. And so, wherever they control education, they control the politics. And they control the education in China, Russia, all the Communist countries. Now that they have all of the dictators installed all throughout the world, they don’t need the Cold War anymore. So now they can proceed with their next agenda, and that’s the unification of Europe, the building up of Russia, and the destruction of the Western Empire. And that’s their next agenda. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
So, what I see is more and more centralization of power in the hands of the President. The Supreme Court is just a rubber stamp. He becomes the king. The courts are nothing more than the courts of the king’s bench. The Federal Reserve Bank will remain in power. Everything will be monitored and controlled by Washington, unless some of God’s men start trusting God and get in control of the state and cause it to secede. The only answer to this is state secession, leaving this Union-it’s not a Union, it’s an Empire-leaving the Empire that began in 1868, assuming national sovereignty, once again. And the first state that would do this, I’m moving there. Because I don’t want to see the FBI anymore. I don’t want to see the CIA. I don’t want to see any of these national bureaucracies anymore.   The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
World War II, produced of course by Rome, caused the Nazi experiments on the people in the concentration camps-the Jews, the Gypsies, the Socialists, primarily the Jews. But they experimented with things like fluoride. They experimented with things like EDTA chelation, which is THE treatment of choice for anybody with heart disease. They experimented with poisons. They experimented with surgeries. They experimented with all kinds of things on these people. They also experimented with vaccinations and immunizations.
There’s a book called The Nazi Doctors. Everything that was learned by them was integrated into the American Medical Association, after the war. That’s why we all have our municipal water supplies fluoridated. That’s why they’re all chlorinated, because chlorine decreases oxygen, and therefore causes cancer, because cancer grows in an anaerobic state-it’s a virus, converting cells into mutants that are anaerobic.
Ok. All of Europe is using ozone to clean their water supplies. Here they use chlorine. They want us with cancer. And how do we get cancer? With the vaccinations and immunizations, where they inject us with live viruses, like the hepatitis vaccine-every one of them has the HIV virus, SV-40.
What they’re doing is what they learned in Nazi Germany. They implemented here and they continue their research in the CIA. There’s a two-tape set called The CIA And The Virus Makers which show how the CIA helped to create the HIV virus and various other viruses. They get into Robert Gallo, the world’s foremost virologist.
Robert Gallo is a Jesuit. He’s a Roman Catholic, Italian, the world’s foremost virologist-and yet not controlled by the Brotherhood, by the Company? Ridiculous. He’s under their control! He’s doing all the research, and he doesn’t want to be blamed for it-as the WONDERFUL Jew, Len Horowitz, proved. Again, we’ve got Jews getting in the way-Jews blowing their cover.
Personally, I have my own home where I use ozone oxygen. I use ultraviolet blood irradiation. I can show you how ultraviolet blood irradiation incapacitates Lupus. It destroys Hepatitis. It destroys Meningitis. It destroys HIV.
This is a very simple procedure; I do it every day. It can easily be done by any medical doctor, and they won’t do it. Because, when you kill off the virus, you don’t have the diseases. You are thwarting what they wanted to do with their vaccinations and immunizations.
That’s why they want to make a law. That’s why that filthy Ted Kennedy, that Knight of Columbus, wants all these vaccinations and immunizations-when it should be a religious tenet of everyone: ‘It’s against my religious convictions to put foreign pathogens into my bloodstream. It’s going to make me sick by the time I’m 40. It’s going to give me plaque build-up and heart-disease. I’m not going to do it.’
In the meantime, they’re suppressing all the things that reverse it: soft lasers, hyperbaric chambers, ultraviolet blood irradiation, oxygen ozone, north-pole magnetic therapy. All the things working together that would easily reverse it, they suppress, and consider it a crime. Make sense? The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
When I was in the office of my friend, William, in Maryland, he told me that he had a guy from NSA [National Security Agency] come in and talk to him about his blood irradiation, and told him: ‘I think that it would be wise for you to stop this.’
Now, this guy who runs the clinic there in Maryland is an ex-Navy Seal. He’s no pushover. So he says to the NSA guy: ‘Well, why do you say that?’
And the NSA guy said: ‘You know how Royal Rife died? We put poison on his tooth-brush.’
This guy was from NSA. So, that was a threat. Well, now, some people get scared, and some people get upset, angry. William is one of those guy who gets upset and angry, and it furthers him that much harder.
So, mysteriously, the head of the Ultraviolet Blood Irradiation Foundation died, about 3 or 4 months ago, in his apartment, with no autopsy. So they almost destroyed the foundation, but now he is in the process of securing capital-and he will, I’m sure, very shortly, and it’s going to be untouchable. The machines will be put out and it will have UVC and UVA to do the blood, and we’re going to kill-off all the viruses in the bloodstream. And we’re going to teach the medical doctors how to do it. We’ll provide the machines for them. And we’re going to end this tyranny. And we’ll also educate them-no more vaccinations and immunizations.
There are only two things I’m a member of in this country: one is the national anti-vaccine society, and the other is Gun Owner’s of America. Those are the only two organizations that are really worth supporting. If you get the vaccinations away from the people, they’re not going to be sick. And if you maintain guns in the hands of the people, they can still use them against the tyrants. And if they go to church and read the Bible, they’ll have all the spiritual zest and zeal to do it. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Nikola Tesla in this conversation.
Phelps: Yeah. He was deliberately thwarted by the FBI, all his papers stolen in 1943. J.P. Morgan destroyed him. J.P. Morgan was one of the kingpins in the Titanic sinking.
Nikola Tesla was a wonderful man. He came here for freedom. He was a Serbian Orthodox-a curse to Rome. The father of A.C. current. He developed a whole system of Universal Power, that we would need no coal or any of that. So, one of my other goals is to perfect the electromagnetic motor. When my book gets out, then I will be working with some men in perfecting electromagnetic motors, and they will be out, without a patent, privately. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
Well, we must remember: where did Bill Clinton come from? How did he become Governor? His father was a powerful political figure, because his mother was nothing. So, he came from nothing to being something, through some powerful political figure, probably the Kennedys.
It’s rumored that John Kennedy was his father; could be. In any event, Clinton was trained by the Jesuits of Georgetown. He was the class president of his junior year, I believe. His senior year, he was not re-elected because the student body said he was ‘too close to the Jesuit faculty’.
So, he was groomed by the Jesuits to be a powerful political leader. He was put in place in Arkansas, runs that scam there, while he’s Governor, in the drug trade, belonging to Rome, working with Reagan in the drug trade, and Bush. Then he’s made President.
Remember the picture of him at Georgetown, kneeling at the grave of Timothy Healy? That says it all. He is the complete and total pawn of the Jesuit Order ruling from Georgetown University. He does anything they want him to do. He hasn’t resisted a thing.
That’s why he’s untouchable. He can commit any crime. He can do any act of evil, and never be prosecuted, because they’ll call on traitors like Arlen Spector to vindicate him. And, of course, Arlen Spector was Spelly’s Jew in the Kennedy assassination-evil, wicked, lifetime Senator from Pennsylvania, which shows me that there are no elections anymore. Nobody voted for Arlen Spector who I know. He’s a gun-grabber. So, they made him a life-time Senator. They made Teddy Kennedy a lifetime Senator.
Bill Clinton is completely at their beck and call. He will get out of office. He will live happily ever after, unless he starts talking. If he starts talking, he’s done. He is NOT a Baptist. He is loyal to the Jesuit Order. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
The Knights of Malta and the Jesuits work together! (Truth seeker, this may seem irrelevant now, but it is important for you to be aware of this connection. As we shall see, the Knights financed Lenin and Hitler from Wall Street, also using their Federal Reserve Bank headed by Masonic Jews, Warburg in particular.) The Knights negotiated the Concordat (a Papal treaty) between the Pope and Hitler in the person of Franz Von Papen. They also helped top Nazis to escape to North and South America after World War II in the persons of James Angleton and Argentina’s President Juan Peron.
In America, the Knights, with their OSS, later the CIA, were behind ‘Operation Paperclip’. After World War II, top Nazis and scientists were illegally secreted into the United States. Many were placed in the top-secret military installation in Tonapah, Nevada known as ‘Area 51′. The perfection of the Nazis’ anti-gravity aircraft (flying saucers) was to be completed there, among other secret technologies. ‘Operation Paperclip’ was overseen by America’s most powerful Knight of Malta, J. Peter Grace. J. Peter Grace was subject to the Jesuit-trained Archbishop Spellman, as the American headquarters for the Knights was and is St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York. The Black Pope: Interview of Eric Jon Phelps
END
