Real World's Frankie Dies at 25
Cheryl
Were this true, it would mean the producers aren’t going for someone with singing chops, similar look, or similar body. Rihanna and Hudson are both porkers; Rihanna can’t sing (she’s so overproduced) and Hudson isn’t as good as so many claimed her to be following her grammy performance. She had nothing (well, worse than nothing if possible) on Whitney.
cinchi
@cheryl – what on earth are you talking about?  Rihanna is no porker – she is very thin.  And Hudson lost a lot of weight and isn’t that much bigger than Whitney in her prime – she’d only need to lose a few pounds.  Rihanna has a different fashion style, but she actually has facially bone structure that is pretty similar to Whitney’s – she’s just a bit shorter.  There is also such a thing as make up, Michelle Williams did not have a similar look or body to Marilyn Monroe but did great playing her – same goes for Meryl Streep playing Margaret Thatcher and Julia Child – absolutely not similar in look or body yet they pulled it off.  I don’t think the primary consideration in casting should be finding a doppelganger as opposed to someone who can act and interpret the persona of the subject.  Hudson is not only one of the few singers with the chops to sing a Whitney song, but she is also an Academy Award winning actress – the girl can act!  I have no idea what Rihanna’s acting talent is – and since she hasn’t acted in anything yet and there are no publicly available screen tests – neither do you.  Rihanna has a great voice, but she isn’t a power singer so I’d say on paper (without hearing Rihanna try a power ballad), Hudson by far the better choice.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CQWUTBF2KSSVOXCR4PSN66L2PM James
god she hasn’t been brued for over a week and there already talking about a movie.
Mimiblair
This would not be anything you could just jump into. It would take a lot of everything to play Whitney Houston. Okay, I’ll give Jennifer Hudson her props, she did her thing at The Grammy’s, but to play Whitney in a bio-pic, I just can’t see that. Rihanna’s singing, I don’t think so, I’ve only heard one song of hers that I like. And whatever is done to honor Ms. Whitney Houston, please, I beg of you, don’t involve Vivica A Fox, because you would really be scraping the barrel. This is a woman that refuses to get old, soon she’ll be looking like Joan Rivers, Vivica, it’s time to stay away from the plastic surgeon. But whatever’s done to honor her, please be tasteful, and more than that, respectful
Quartersky
Oh please. Rihanna can’t sing and Jennifer Hudson is mediocre as a singer and terrible as an actress. Get an unknown with talent who will do a great job and leave those two losers alone.
Charlene
boy whitney just died and now thet are making a movie  on her you never now who your friends are to make money on her rest in peace whitney
Jarrell_district
Rebecca Ferguson should be a candidate because she has the vocal talent to do Whitney justice and her image would make a believable Whitney.
Www Nijee_martika
What the hell are you talking about you are so unappreciative. I see yall are so you to the gimics and autotune you cant recognize a great talent like Jennifer when you see one. I like to see yall try to hit the same notes as Mariah Carey , Jennifer Hudson,Beyonce, Christina Aguilera, and Whitney Houston be SANGING. That talent isnt mediocre Jennifer and Whitney both started in the church that was a gift.
http://pulse.yahoo.com/_CCRYF44UPWMIEVP3BDWODSCEOQ Tracey
I think the person to play to whitney should be Cece Winan…she has the look and they defin sound just alike,
Most Wanted Stories
