Weird
Follow:
  Movies ,   Video , Waiting To Exhale Sequel , Whitney Houston , Whitney Houston , Whitney Houston Waiting To Exhale , Whitney Houston , Whitney Houston , Waiting To Exhale , Waiting To Exhale 2 Release Date , Waiting To Exhale 2 Whitney Houston , Whitney Houston Movies , Moviefone News
Before Whitney Houston died , she'd not only completed her first film in years, "Sparkle," but there was talk of making a sequel to her 1995 hit "Waiting to Exhale." The superstar's death doesn't necessarily mean that the sequel won't still happen, though.
"Waiting" co-star Loretta Devine told Good Day LA that the project might continue without Houston . "They're trying to put together a second movie and now the focus would be a tribute to her, which would be wonderful. We don't know if they're going to try to introduce a new character or pull her character out all together," she said. "So it's a lot of rewrites that they'll have to go through, so I don't know if it's going to happen as soon as we thought it would happen."
Last year, another original cast member, Angela Bassett, told The Talk "It's preliminary, but 'Waiting to Exhale 2' is gonna happen," which, she said, would include all the original cast members. "I'm talking Loretta [Devine], Lela [Rochon], Whitney."
Who could possibly fill Whitney's shoes?  If they're looking to cast another friend in the same age range, Halle Berry would bring a lot of star power (and, it couldn't hurt her career, either). We would also suggest Vanessa L. Williams, Vivica A. Fox, or Regina King of TV's "Southland," who's a tad younger at 41.
But if they're looking for a pop diva to contribute to the soundtrack, the way Houston did, we'd look no further than Queen Latifah, who's not just a best-selling artist but also an Oscar-nominee; Mariah Carey or Janet Jackson could be contenders, both have a few acting credits on their resume. Or perhaps Jennifer Hudson, who has an Oscar and sang the hell out of "I Will Always Love You" in an emotional performance at the Grammys just after Houston's death.
And if they want to cast younger, Rihanna is making her big-screen acting debut in this summer's "Battleship" and has expressed interest in playing Whitney in a biopic. Whitney's own daughter, Bobbi Kristina, was showing signs of following in her mother's footsteps: handled right, this could be the perfect project for her film debut. (She's already lined up a role on Tyler Perry's series "For Better or Worse.")
The "Waiting to Exhale" family didn't just lose Houston, but also Gregory Hines, Devine's onscreen love interest, who died in 2003. For her new love interest, producers might look to her "Grey's Anatomy" husband, James Pickens, Jr.; or the director of the first film, Forrest Whitaker, whom Bassett said was "working on the script now."
As for "Sparkle," Devine, who was promoting her new Lifetime series "The Client List," said, "I've seen clips of her new movie and it looks like it's going to be wonderful. You can't imagine her not being here. [Her music's] so much a part of the good stuff in your life, the weddings and the parties."
