Rick Diamond/WireImage.com More Whitney Houston pics
Why is She famous
The glut of reality-television singing competitions serve as a constant reminder just how difficult it is to find true talent. That’s why when a once-in-a-lifetime singer like Whitney Houston comes along, we can’t help but marvel and fall in love.
Considered by many to be the greatest voice America has ever produced, Houston’s career spanned two decades of hit records, iconic singles and virtuoso performances that will be embedded in our culture’s fabric forever. That’s why when she was found dead in her Beverly Hills hotel room, the public outcry was so passionate. Talent like hers doesn’t come around very often, and there was a collective, hushed feeling that we may never hear a voice quite that clear again.
Related Video :
Whitney Houston
Whitney Houston Quote
" Crack is cheap. I make too much money to ever smoke crack. Let’s get that straight. OK? We don’t do crack. We don’t do that. Crack is whack."
77 Sex Appeal
When Whitney Houston broke through in the mid-'80s, her model looks earned her just as much attention as her powerful voice. The tall, slender beauty with the winning smile made men everywhere swoon, including football star Randall Cunningham and comedian Eddie Murphy , both of whom she dated. But it was New Edition’s resident bad boy Bobby Brown who was finally able to put a ring on it at a 1992 wedding that many believe to be the beginning of the end for Houston.
Over the years, their tumultuous relationship took a toll on the singer’s legendary looks. She began appearing in public increasingly thin and disheveled, raising questions about substance abuse and possible eating disorders. By the time she died, the young, glowing, dynamic singer was long gone, replaced by a shell of her former self. Thank God for YouTube.
90 Success
Whitney Houston was one of the most award-winning artists in American history. She won two Emmy Awards, six Grammy Awards, 30 Billboard Music Awards, 22 American Music Awards -- a total of 415 career awards. The endless accolades also translated to enormous sales. Houston has sold 200 million albums and singles worldwide, and was ranked fourth on the Recording Industry Association of America’s list of best-selling female artists. But despite all the impressive numbers, Houston’s greatest success is her legacy as a trailblazer. During a time when African-American women had very little mainstream success in the pop world, Houston’s breakthrough opened doors for the likes of Janet Jackson and Anita Baker. So if that means that without Houston, there would be no Beyonce , on behalf of men everywhere: Thank you, Whitney.
Whitney Houston Biography
Whitney Houston was born in Newark, New Jersey. Her father was in the Army, and her mother was the gospel singer Cissy Houston. Houston, whose cousin was Dionne Warwick and whose Godmother was Aretha Franklin , was raised a Baptist and performed as a soloist at her church in Newark. As a teenager, she attended the all-girls school Mount Saint Dominic Academy, where she continued to sing. Her teenage years were spent singing in nightclubs where her mother was performing, and, at 14, she became a backup singer on the Michael Zager Band single “Life’s a Party,” and then on Chaka Khan’s hit single “I’m Every Woman.” At this point, Houston also began modelling, and with her combination of good looks and raw talent, a successful career in show business was all but a sure thing.
Whitney Houston is Signed by Clive Davis
Legendary record producer Clive Davis has always had an eye for talent, which is why he immediately signed Whitney Houston to a record deal after Arista A&R rep Gerry Griffith convinced his boss to hear the 20-year-old sing at a New York nightclub. Two years later, she released her self-titled debut, which, thanks to hit singles like “You Give Good Love,” "Saving All My Love For You” and “How Will I Know," became an international hit, topping the Billboard 200 in 1986 and remaining there for fourteen consecutive weeks. Critics were enamored of her, fans worshipped her and in just one short year, Whitney Houston had become the biggest female recording star in the world.
Whitney Houston Releases her Second Album
With her second studio album, Whitney, Whitney Houston avoided the sophomore slump that plagues so many artists facing lofty expectations after debuting with a hit record. Although some critics initially called it a rehashing of her first album, Whitney still sold extremely well, debuting at No. 1 on the charts thanks to the massive single “I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me).” The album’s next three singles also peaked at No. 1, giving Houston a record seven straight number one singles, one more than The Beatles. Whitney’s success was unprecedented for a woman of color, making her the highest earning African-American woman in the world and the third-highest earning entertainer, behind only Bill Cosby and Eddie Murphy.
Whitney Houston Releases her Third Album
Although Whitney Houston’s third album wasn’t released until 1990, the superstar kept busy by touring the world, recording the hit song “One Moment in Time” for the 1988 Summer Olympics and starting the Whitney Houston Foundation For Children, a nonprofit organization that helped raise funds for needy children around the world. When I’m Your Baby Tonight finally did come out, many felt that the more urban-sounding music was a direct reaction to some critics who accused Houston for lacking soul on her records. The album again spawned a handful of hit singles, including “I’m Your Baby Tonight” and “You’re All The Man That I Need,” and although it never hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200, it still sold 12 million copies worldwide.
Whitney Houston Performs "The Star Spangled Banner" at Super Bowl XXV
With America embroiled in the Gulf War, the pressure was on Whitney Houston to deliver a passionate, meaningful rendition of the national anthem when she agreed to sing at Super Bowl XXV in Tampa Bay, Florida. Not only did she deliver, but her stirring rendition was so good that it was released as a single and reached the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100. Over two decades later, Houston’s version of “The Star Spangled Banner” is still the benchmark for any singer attempting to sing the anthem at a sporting event, nationally televised or otherwise.
Whitney Houston Stars in The Bodyguard
The transition from music to movies is never easy, and although she was offered many roles, Whitney Houston waited for the right one to make the leap to the big screen. That film was The Bodyguard, a romantic thriller in which Houston played a superstar singer who hires a bodyguard (played by Kevin Costner). Despite mixed reviews, the film earned over $400 million worldwide, making it one of the most successful films ever at the time of its release. It’s also notable for its depiction of an interracial romance and for spawning the hit single “I Will Always Love You,” which remained at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 for a record-breaking 14 weeks. The film’s soundtrack went on to become one of the highest selling albums of all time, earning Houston three Grammy awards, eight American Music Awards and 11 Billboard Music Awards. Houston spent the next few years of her career appearing in the films Waiting to Exhale and The Preacher’s Wife, as well as the made-for-TV remake of Cinderella, none of which came close to the colossal success of The Bodyguard.
Whitney Houston Marries Bobby Brown
After meeting at the 1989 Soul Train Awards, Whitney Houston and New Edition’s Bobby Brown began a three-year courtship that culminated when the couple married in 1992. This was the beginning of one of the most tumultuous relationships in Hollywood history. Although the marriage produced Houston’s only child, daughter Bobbi Kristina, many blame the notorious bad boy Brown for Houston’s ultimate unraveling. Throughout the '90s, Bobby Brown had frequent run-ins with the law, and the couple’s rocky relationship was plagued by rumors of violence and drug abuse. In 2003 Brown was charged with misdemeanor battery, but Houston stuck by her man despite being visibly bruised -- a move that landed the couple the unfortunate nickname “The New Ike and Tina Turner.” With the relationship growing increasingly bizarre, and Houston’s behavior more erratic, the couple starred in the disastrous reality show Being Bobby Brown, which gave audiences a peek into their life. But just one year later, the damaged couple filed for divorce, and in 2007, their 15-year marriage officially ended.
Whitney Houston’s Downfall Begins
For most of her career, Whitney Houston was seen as a “good girl.” But by the late '90s, her behavior changed. She was often late for interviews, canceled concerts and appeared malnourished and unhealthy in public. Rumors of drug use with her husband began to circulate, and in 2000, airport security guards caught them with marijuana, though the charges were later dropped. That same year, Houston was scheduled to sing at Clive Davis’ Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction and was fired from her job as a performer at the Oscars for behavi ng erratically during rehearsals. But despite the troubles, which included multiple stints in rehab, Houston renewed her contract at Arista for a whopping $100 million, which she would be paid over the span of six albums. She went on to release only three more albums: Just Whitney in 2002, One Wish: The Holiday Album in 2003 and I Look To You in 2009.
Whitney Houston is Found Dead in Her Hotel Room
Ever since Whitney Houston's infamous 2002 interview with Diane Sawyer, in which she admitted to using cocaine, the public was well aware that she struggled with demons. But with a role in the upcoming film Sparkle, many hoped that Houston had turned a corner. Unfortunately that wasn’t the case. Whitney Houston was found dead in the bathtub of her Beverly Hills hotel room on February 11, 2012. She was 48 years old. Prior to her death, reports said that Houston attended a party at Tru nightclub in Los Angeles, where she appeared intoxicated and disheveled, and was involved in ugly altercations with several people. It’s said that a mixture of alcohol and prescription drugs played a role in her death and that she was found with her head underwater. Since her death, there’s been an outpouring of grief and thanks from the entertainment community and from her fans from around the world. There's no doubt that she will be missed.
