+ Subscribe
Internationally known actress/singer Whitney Houston has died at the age of 48.  Reports coming out of Los Angeles by her publicist Kristen Foster announced her death today.
Detroit’s connection with Whitney Houston revolves around the remake of the 1976 movie ‘ Sparkle '.  It has been reported by TMZ that Ms. Houston has died inside a Beverly Hilton hotel at 3.55 PM, yet to be confirmed.
In the 1992 film ‘The Bodyguard’, Houston starred opposite Kevin Costner and proved she could act as well as sing.  Houston's career peaked during the 1980's and 1990's and  was one of the worlds best selling singers.
Ms. Houston’s career took a nosedive in the mid 2000’s due to drug abuse.  Her voice became raspy and hoarse, while her vocal range was diminished.  Her last credible appearance was in in the 1996 movie ‘The Preacher’s Wife’.  Among her hits were 'How Will I Know,' 'Saving All My Love for You' and 'I Will Always Love You' a blockbuster song from 'The Bodyguard'. Houston won multiple Grammys including album and record of the year.
Advertisement
The hope was that ‘ Sparkle ’ would allow Whitney to make a comeback. ‘Sparkle’ is loosely based on the story of The Supremes , one of Detroit Motown ’s biggest success stories. It has been rumored that the role Ms. Houston played is that of a gospel singer. The movie, starting Jordin Sparks , filmed in the Grand Circus Park district and wrapped up filming last November 17, 2011.  Detroit area movie goers should be able to catch glimpses of Fox Theatre, Cliff Bell's, Detroit Opera House and Masonic Temple.
Whitney Houston spent several months in the Detroit area during the filming of the movie and at one point attended the Detroit Lions NFL game October 24 2011, with her fellow cast members, including Jordin Sparks . Pictures taken during that time showed Whitney to be apparently in good health.
‘Sparkle’ is believed to arrive to big screens in 2012.
Whitney Houston attends the 2011 Pre-GRAMMY Gala and Salute To Industry Icons Honoring David Geffen at Beverly Hilton on February 12, 2011 in Beverly Hills, California
Photo credit: 
