Whitney Houston's
Best Videos
Whitney Houston is dead at the young age of 48, but her incredible vocal gift will live on for generations. Watch the videos of some of the icon's most beloved songs.
"I Will Always Love You"
Whitney Houston made her movie debut in The Bodyguard with Kevin Costner , and her remake of Dolly Parton's hit "I Will Always Love You" ensured the flick was a hit. The video was filmed early in her pregnancy with daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown, after Houston suffered a miscarriage while filming the movie.
Whitney Houston dead at 48 >>
"How Will I Know"
After releasing two soulful ballads on her debut album, Whitney Houston successfully crossed over into pop in this totally 80's video for her hit "How Will I Know." Marking her second number one single on the Billboard Hot 100, this video went into heavy rotation on MTV almost immediately, making Houston and Michael Jackson the first featured black artists on the new network.
"Saving All My Love For You"
Winning Houston the 1986 Grammy for Best Female Pop Performance and the American Music Award for Favorite R&B/Soul Video, "Saving All My Love for You" highlighted the singer's powerful pipes. However, the song's subject -- a woman having an affair with a married father -- was a controversial one and is highlighted in the video.
"Greatest Love of All"
Hailed by critics as the centerpiece of her debut album, "Greatest Love of All" impressed the importance of maintaining your strength during great challenges whether you succeed or fail and is still considered one of Houston's crowning achievements.
Whitney Houston photo gallery: A tribute to her life and career >>
"So Emotional"
Marking Houston's sixth number one single in a row -- putting her in a three-way tie with The Beatles and The Bee Gees -- "So Emotional," the third single from her second album Whitney, remained in the Top 40 for 14 weeks.
"I'm Every Woman"
Talk about an anthem. "I'm Every Woman" was even a favorite of Oprah Winfrey , who used the song as the theme of her show during the 1993-94 season. A remake of the original hit by Chaka Khan (in which a young Houston sang backup), the video featured a heavily pregnant Houston shortly before the birth of her daughter Bobbi Kristina.
"The Star-Spangled Banner"
In 1991 the United States was in the midst of the Gulf War -- our first formally declared war since Vietnam. Houston's powerful and inspiring performance of the national anthem at the Super Bowl brought fans to their feet, and still brings Americans to tears over 20 years later.
Tell us: What is your favorite Whitney Houston song?
Image courtesy Robert Wallace/ WENN.com
