11 comments
 
Whitney Houston has sadly died, but Sony is making sure that everyone knows her final film ‘Sparkle‘ will hit theaters this August.  Barely any marketing was even done before, but you can be sure they’ll promote the heck out of it now.
Most people had no clue that Whitney Houston was making her way back to the big screen in a remake of the Irene Cara starrer ‘Sparkle‘, and there’s been no teaser trailers, teaser posters and only one image from the film that wrapped up shooting last November.  Even the ‘Hobbit’ movie which doesn’t open until December has had a slew of marketing materials sent out, but sadly the return of Houston barely got much media coverage.  Even sadder is that Sony will surely crank up the media machine for this film now that she has sadly died.  Yes, it sounds crass, but that’s just the way the studios work.  Sony’s made sure that we all know ‘Sparkle’ will hit theaters August 17, 2012 while also putting out this statement.
Sony Statement On Death Of Whitney Houston
“Like all those who knew and loved her, we are shocked and saddened and the world has lost an incomparable talent. Right now our thoughts are with her daughter, her family and her friends,” Steve Elzer said on behalf of the studio.
Houston’s last album was meant to be a huge comeback, but it just didn’t go as planned even with the magic of Clive Davis.  Houston admitted in the press that she’d been abusing cocaine, marijuana, and pills for years, but the fans just didn’t flock back the way it was thought they would.  Earlier today, THR reported a rumor that Simon Cowell had reached out to Houston to become a judge on the ‘X Factor USA‘, but our source who’s always been right about the show said that that would never happen.  Before we reported that, we learned that Houston had died.  Many of us grew up listening to her music and will always remember her breakout hit in ‘The Bodyguard‘.
Houston was one of five Executive Producers on ‘Sparkle’ after having acquired the rights to it 12 years ago and thinking that Aaliyah would star in before the singers death in a plane crash in August 2001.
‘Sparkle’ is  the fictional story of three singing sisters in 1950s Harlem. One of the singers spirals in to drug addiction that leads to her death.  Many said that it, like ‘Dreamgirls‘ was loosely based on ‘The Supremes’, and it marks the fourth movie for Houston which she was hoping would be her comeback.  A rough cut has been completed, and from what we’re hearing, it’s definitely quite rough.  Houston had also spoken in interviews that the sequel for ‘Waiting To Exhale’ would have been her next film after ‘Sparkle’.  The singer said that Terry McMillan had been wanting to get her back on screen again.
I only hope that Sony gives Houston the dignity she deserves with this film and not just rush it out to make that quick posthumous buck.
Whitney Houston Dies But Sparkle Lives On – Best Movies Ever
Whitney Houston’s Death Doesn’t Stop Sony From Pushing ‘Sparkle’ News – Best Movies Ever News
 
