Hollywood Reacts To Death Of Whitney Houston
Access Hollywood –  Sat, Feb 11, 2012 10:59 PM PST
The celebrity community has reacted with shock and sadness over the loss of Whitney Houston, who has died at the age of 48.
From Mariah Carey, to members of the Jackson family, and from "Glee" stars to "Real Housewives," all of Hollywood is in mourning over the loss of this great talent.
PLAY IT NOW: Whitney Houston Looks Back On Her 30 Years In Hollywood
Here's what the stars are saying:
Aretha Franklin: "I just can't talk about it now. It's so stunning and unbelievable. I couldn't believe what I was reading coming across the TV screen. My heart goes out to Cissy, her daughter Bobbi Kris, her family and Bobby."
VIEW THE PHOTOS: A Look Back: Whitney Houston Then & Now
Smokey Robinson: "I've know whitney since she was a little girl and I loved her. She was like family to me. I will miss her."
Mariah Carey Mariah Carey @MariahCarey: Heartbroken and in tears over the shocking death of my friend, the incomparable Ms. Whitney Houston.... My heartfelt condolences to Whitney's family and to all her millions of fans throughout the world.... She will never be forgotten as one of the greatest voices to ever grace the earth.
Justin Bieber @justinbieber: just heard the news. so crazy. One of the GREATEST VOICES EVER just passed. RIP Whitney Houston. My prayers go out to her friends and family
La Toya Jackson @latoyajackson: I can't fathom the fact that #whitneyhouston has died! My heart goes out 2 her mother, daughter & her love ones. #Whitney U will be missed!
Nia Vardalos @NiaVardalos: RIP Whitney Houston, we sang along and fell in love to your songs.
Pete Wentz @petewentz: RIP whitney
Kirstie Alley @kirstiealley: Oh my...heartbreaking.. to the Family and friends of Whitney Houston, deepest regards ...
Holly Robinson Peete @hollyrpeete: Whitney: Thank You. You gave so much to us. Inspired the world. #soundtrackofmylife #iwillalwaysloveyou
Katy Perry @katyperry: So devastating. We will always love you Whitney, R.I.P.
Nina Dobrev @ninadobrev: #iwillalwaysloveyou is one of the most beautiful and iconic songs. It will be remembered forever. Rest in peace Whitney Houston
DJ Pauly D @DJPaulyD: R.I.P Whitney Houston So Sad
Brandi Glanville @BrandiGlanville: OMG just saw that Whitney Houston died! RIP! I'm crying :(
Denise Richards @DENISE_RICHARDS: So sad to hear about Whitney Houston..my heart goes out to her loved ones and her daughter..
Chloë Grace Moretz @ChloeGMoretz: Omg..whitney houston died..we've lost another amazing singer
Amber Patrice Riley @MsAmberPRiley: I had to pull over off the road. RIP Whitney Houston. I'm glad now that I got to meet you and thank you for your beautiful music.
Jenna Ushkowitz @JennaUshkowitz: RIP Whitney Houston #Iwillalwaysloveyou
iamdiddy @iamdiddy: Whitney Houston!!! OMG!! I really can't believe this.. This is one of the saddest days ever..
soleil moon frye @moonfrye: RIP Whitney. The world will always and forever love you....
Melissa Joan Hart @MellyJHart: I'm shocked to hear about Whitney Houston!!! RIP!! You will be missed!
Eliza Dushku @elizadushku: Oh #WhitneyHouston no.. We will always love you. #RIPWhitney
Sean Hayes @theseanhayes: The voice of a music legend has been quieted today. R.I.P. for one of the most amazing artists of our time - Whitney Houston.
Selita Ebanks @MsSelitaEbanks: #Moment of silence for one of the greatest voices of all time.... Whitney Houston :-( #RIP
Keshia K Pulliam @peachespulliam: I just read that Whitney Houston died today... I am in shock!! We've lost too many amazingly talented people this year
Kevin McHale @druidDUDE: it's incredible the impact one voice can have. Whitney, you changed so much. A true Icon.
Randy Jackson @YO_RANDYJACKSON: wow I am devastated. the world has lost another one of the best voices in history. RIP whitney houston...
Patton Oswalt @pattonoswalt: We watched this happen in super-slow motion. Horrible. #RIPWhitney
Nicki Minaj @NICKIMINAJ: Jesus Christ, not Whitney Houston. Greatest of all time.
SHAQ @SHAQ: R .i.p to a Newark legend Whitney houston. I'm gonna miss auntie ,this one hurts. We lost a legend dam dam dam. Thank you for everything
Lea Michele @msleamichele: I'm speechless. Such sad news about Whitney Houston..
Ricki Lake @RickiLake: Listening to #WhitneyHouston on the radio. What a loss. :(
AKON @Akon: We've lost another Legend. RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON. I'm Honored to have had the chance to work with such an amazing human Being
Mena Suvari @mena13suvari: OMG!!! RIP Whitney Houston! You forever were and always will be amazing. A voice that brought inspiration to many.
Goldie Hawn Goldie Hawn @goldiehawn: I am so very sad to hear of Whitney Houston's passing. She was one of our great artist that graced us all. May she rest in peace.
Jay Manuel @MrJayManuel: The American Golden Voice has been silenced. RIP Whitney Houston. Her rendition of the Star Spangled Banner always moved me to tears.
demetria lovato demetria lovato @ddlovato: I Look To You - Whitney Houston.... :'(
Naya Rivera Naya Rivera @NayaRivera: Oh my gosh. I'm speechless. R.I.P. Whitney Houston.
John Legend @johnlegend: I hope the Grammys can put together a tribute at the last minute
Beth Behrs @BethBehrs: Whitney Houston gone. Wow. In shock. Grew up listening to her.
NeNe Leakes @NeNeLeakes: OMG Noooooooo! I was just @ an event Thursday & Whitney was there! I can't right now
Sherri Shepherd @SherriEShepherd: Praying for Whitney Houston's family. Especially her daughter Bobbi Kristina
LeAnn Rimes Cibrian @leannrimes: Whitney Houston was the first cd I ever bought. She had a God given gift. Hopefully, she's singing with angels now.
Taraji P. Henson Taraji P. Henson @TherealTaraji: LORD HAVE MERCY!!!! We've lost another great! RIP Whitney Houston! My heart hurts.
Gloria Estefan @GloriaEstefan: Someone please tell me that it's not true about Whitney Houston passing! Such an amazing talent!
Paris Jacksoη Paris Jacksoη @ParisJackson:R.I.P. Whitney Huston, I've always idolized her and her amazing talent <3
boygeorge @BoyGeorge: Whitney is dead, OMG, I'm so heartbroken. You were amazing and I hope you have found peace! x
Rob Lowe @RobLowe: Whitney Houston gone. Voice of a lifetime. So sad.
Lance Bass @LanceBass: Another incredible talent lost way too soon. Thanks for entertaining us all Whitney!
Piers Morgan @piersmorgan: Stunned by Whitney Houston's death at just 48 - one of the greatest voices ever heard. #RIP
Kendall Jenner @KendallJenner: Wow. RIP Whitney Houston. #sosad #somuchtalent
Marc Anthony "I am in utter shock over the loss of my friend and colleague Whitney Houston. We should all feel blessed to have experienced the voice of an angel. I will always cherish the times I got to share the stage with you. My thoughts and prayers to Bobbi Kristina and family. Gone way too soon!"
Screen Gems, the studio behind her feature film return, "Sparkle": "Like all those who knew and loved her, we are shocked and saddened and the world has lost an incomparable talent. Right now our thoughts are with her daughter, her family and her friends."
Neil Portnow, President/CEO of The Recording Academy: "Six-time GRAMMY winner Whitney Houston was one of the world's greatest pop singers of all time who leaves behind a robust musical soundtrack spanning the past three decades. Her powerful voice graced many memorable and award-winning songs. A light has been dimmed in our music community today, and we extend our deepest condolences to her family, friends, fans and all who have been touched by her beautiful voice."
Copyright 2012 by NBC Universal, Inc . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
@yahooomg on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
 
