A Yahoo! User  •  Kansas City, Missouri  •  4 months ago
Judy Garland died at 47 in a bathroom and was a heavy drinker toward the end. Whitney Houston died at 48. Both had amazing voices and spiraled down toward the end of their careers. Its hard to stay on top in their business, but easy to get bad press. People turn to other things that are bad for them when they fill they have no were to go for what they used to have.
I just hope the media would leave this poor child alone. She lost her mother in a tragic way and doesn't need to be hounded by the media. Let the child recover and deal with her grief.
Dave  •  4 months ago
I so smell a Michale Jackson/ Anna Nichole blame game coming on. 'Who gave her the drugs?', will be the question of the week. Apparently she didn't read the label that states,"Do not mix with alcohol, Do not attempt to drive or operate heavy machinery." Maybe her personal Pharmacist didn't offer to explain it to her either. Most dealers don't. You can see the Vultures starting to circle the bank already. The story states her daughter will stand to inherit over 10 million in the next two years, wanna bet?
BrandiP  •  Vero Beach, Florida  •  4 months ago
The fact of the matter is that a human being is gone, which is ALWAYS, ALWAYS sad, no matter WHO they are or HOW they lived their life. When someone passes away they still have family that love and miss them!!!!  stop being so mean people geeez!!!!
Margie  •  Atlanta, Georgia  •  4 months ago
Question the Doctors why are they always trying to blame them  she was a grown woman if the doctors did not supply her someone else would have when you have money you can get anything
Luz  •  San Diego, California  •  4 months ago
How sad her death, so young but I saw it coming, when you combine alcohol with prescriptions drugs, is usually lethal and I suspect that this is what she did. She probably suffered a seizure, drowned or fell asleep in the bathtub. RIP. Whitney and good luck to her daughter. I just hope that her daughter does not follow on her mother's foot step.
Emery  •  4 months ago
It seems like it would be a good idea to require ALL pharmacies in the US to check some sort of national data base of people's prescription medications.   If that sounds too intrusive, too bad.  Addicts often go to various doctors and pharmacies to get more meds than they should have.   Most pharmacies keep records only within their own store or chain.   A national data base of everyone's prescriptions would prevent some of these types of interaction.   Just because there is a "no alcohol" or "no driving" label on a prescription doesn't mean the person is going to read and/or follow the instructions.
Mimsy  •  4 months ago
I'm no fan of Bobby Brown's nor was I a real big fan of Whitney's.  Did she have a God given talent w/a powerful and beautiful voice?  Yes.  However, she threw that away and that's a shame.  Everyone is so ready to place all of the blame on Bobby.  But, she was a grown adult when the drugs were first put in front of her.  She could have said NO and walked away.  Nobody tied her down and forced them up her nose, down her throat, in her veins (however she was taking them).  SHE CHOSE to take them that first time and unfortunately became addicted to them.  And unfortunately those demons were too strong for her to battle.  She had been in and out of rehab.  When she was clean, she knew what would happen if she started up again and yet SHE CHOSE to take that first hit AGAIN.  Addiction sucks and it's a shame that WH wasn't strong enough to beat this.
My prayers go out to her family, especially her daughter.  I hope that they can find some sort of comfort knowing that her battle w/herself and her demons is finally over and she is finally at peace.
MarineGysgt  •  Plano, Texas  •  4 months ago
And we ask what is wrong with the world today.  Whitney was a great singer and actress, but, she should not be looked at as a role model, she was far from it, and yet Gov. Christie still insist on "lowering the US flag to half staff" in her honor.  If he will lower the flag for her, he should lower it for every troop that is killed in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Crystal Angel Boshra  •  4 months ago
howwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww in the #$%$ World was this once again the #$%$ doctors' and pharmacies' faults one again for the DEATH of a Famous Rich Celeb!!!!???? on the prescription bottles about some medicines "DO NOTTTTTTT mix with strong Alcohol"!!!!! Whitney and MJ can read English in Fine Print just like the rest of English-Speaking People!!!! So whyyyyyyyy hell once again things are being blame on the doctors and pharmacies again!!!!! Celebs or NOOOOOO Celebs.. you just cannotttttt mix you medicines with other drugs and alcohol and NOTTTTTT expect consequences even if those consequences does sometimes  do leads to DEATH!!! I failed to see where the doctors and pharmacies are to be blame for this #$%$ Lady's DEATH just like i failed to see where that doctor and the pharmacy were to be blamed for Micheal's DEATH!!!! These doctors and pharmacies can loose their medical licenses for all this #$%$ false accusations for these rich people's DEATHS!!!! then what!!! What are the cancer patients, diabetic patients stroke victims, etc etc etc etc are to do when there is nooooo doctors  left to write prescriptions and no pharmacies left to fulfill the prescriptions!!!!!??????  Becoz half the doctors are going to have their medical licenses suspended for something they did NOTTTTTT do and the other half is going to be stuck in JAIL for something they DID NOTTTTT do!!! Then what!!!!!???  OHHHHHHH yeah that's right!!!!! Once again let the sick and poor people suffer more with their pains and aches becoz they do NOTTTTT have a doctor to write the prescriptions nor a pharmacies to fulfilled the prescriptions!!!!! Drug Addicts do what they want to do and do it to themselves (as one person already commented) NOTTTTTTT stopping and realize how many more people it is hurting and effecting!!!! Butt stop blaming the doctors and pharmacies for their fatal mistakes!!!!!
david o  •  4 months ago
Here we go again with Media coverage for a week on a famous person dead from an over dose but hardly covering anything about our boys giving their lives in our military.I guess that what our society has become
michaelle  •  4 months ago
whitney's problema were what she made them to be, i feel bad for the daughter, she is the only one truly hurt by her mothers actions, behavior, decisions, addictions and death just like michael jackson THEY DID THIS TO THEM SELVES bobby brown is what he is, but he didn't force whitney to be who she was
Saudi Dumb Ruler  •  4 months ago
A message to the young people.  Be carefull who your partner will be.  Whitney got messed up by Bobby Brown.
