“ Will be mised RIP luv ya ”
Posted by: gloria glass   - Fan
“ As a child, at my preschool graduation I sang "Greatest Love Of All".  My grandmother was our music director and she didn't like the original song we... Read More » ”
Posted by: Shakira Damon
“ Have always loved all Whitney's music and movies!! R I P ”
Posted by: Richelle Vasquez   - fan
“ R.I.P Whitney you will live on in our hearts forever! ”
Posted by: Dionne Anderson   - Fan
“ I will always remember her  beautiful voice, Whitney can never be replaced!!!! Her character in Bodyguard, « HBIC»!!! R I P WHITNEY..... ”
Posted by: Kim burns
“ Iam so sorry to hear of your lost Whitney Will Be Sadly Miss By me I Pray That God Bless Your Family With The Strength to Carry On In Her Memory She... Read More » ”
Posted by: Lillett Mason   - Big Fan
“ My heart felt prayers to the entire family. May God grant you strength during this terrible time. Rest in peace Whitney. We will always love you! ”
Posted by: Lucinda S. Doman   - fan
“ U gave so much 2 ur fans&the world may u now RIP ”
Posted by: Howard DeBow   - Fan
“ i love u whitney for your beauty and wonderful voice you brought so much love and joy and grace to your fans and family i will miss you but in my... Read More » ”
Posted by: selena  estrada   - fan
“ GOD BLESS THE HOUSTON FAMILY IN THIE TIME...MAY GOD CONTINUE TO WRAP HIS ARMS AROUND YOU ALL AND COMFORT YOU ALL LIKE ONLY HE CAN....GOD BLESS. R.I.P... Read More » ”
Posted by: ERIKA HAYES   - FAN
“ I remember when Whitney came to wa I bought my own tickets then the show got canceled I was heartbroken , I am heart broken I really thought she'd... Read More » ”
Posted by: myamidouglas   - super fan
“ What An Beautiful Voice That Will Be Missed Here On Earth. But What An Added Voice In Heaven That Is Right About Now!! ”
Posted by: Hope Constant
“ I remember Whitney when she first began singing. she has always been one of ,my favortie singers. R.I.P. Whitney, and my blessings go out too Bobby,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Keisha Smith   - fan
“ RIP Whitney, I Will Always Love You! That beautiful smile, voice and personality always made me smile no matter what.  Love you! L. Rutherford ”
Posted by: LaTanya Rutherford   - fan
“ She will be missed deeply in the music world. And for the  great mother she was and family and friends will NEVER forget her. She had a smile and... Read More » ”
Posted by: PAMELA L. JONES
“ I want to light a candle in memory of a special lady with the gift from God that we all will miss.  I am heartbroken, and feel so much pain in losing... Read More » ”
Posted by: Bet   - fan
“ Rest In Peace Whitney I will miss u ..... ”
Posted by: Angela Cooper   - A FAN
“ MAY SHE REST IN PEACE. ”
Posted by: ROBET ROARK
“ Rest in Peace now....you will always be remembered and loved..... ”
Posted by: JD   - admirer
“ A BEAUTIFUL YOUNG THAT INSPIRED ME AND MY FAMILY FOR YEARS,SHE WAS A GREAT ACTRESS,ARTIST AND GAVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANTED,SHE WILL BE TRULY... Read More » ”
Posted by: Cynthia Montgomery   - great fan
“ We will all way love you whitney take your rest now ”
Posted by: Kenneth
“ God Bless You Whitney.  Rest In Peace. ”
Posted by: Karen Arrington   - A Fan
“ She was very talented and she will be missed by all of her fans. ”
Posted by: wanda sullivan   - fan
“ RIP Whitney. I pray that others with drug and alcohol addiction find strength and healing. ”
Posted by: erin hejl
“ I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU.                                                  SANDJ ”
Posted by: SANDJ   - FRIEND
“ Whitney you will always be remembered as one of America's greatest products of tremendous talent. The world is suffering at the lost of you from... Read More » ”
Posted by: Michael Darden   - fan
“ I will always love you n u r in my prayers ”
Posted by: Jackie pinkelton   - FAN
“ i love u whitney ”
Posted by: jeremiah   - #1 fan
“ Want to give my condolenses to her family she will be deeply missed. she was so beautiful and a voice of an angle. God bless her. and may she rest in... Read More » ”
Posted by: Angelina   - Fan
“ We will always love you Whitney!!!! Rest now with the angels above. ”
Posted by: pat
“ I loved da movie preacher wife n lov all of whitney houston songs ”
Posted by: Jackie Pinkelton - St. Louis, MO
“ whitney was the most beautiful singer,actress,world model when it came to singing you would light up the audience face and hearts and get a standing... Read More » ”
Posted by: mary jenkins   - a admirer
“ "WE" WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU...WHITNEY!!! Now you're a singing ANGEL in Heaven just as you were here on Earth!! R.I.P. , our precious Angel!! God... Read More » ”
Posted by: Toni Gille
“ You will be truly missed. ”
Posted by: Arlene   - Fan
“ I remember seeing Whitney singing I Want To Dance With Somebody and of course the song from the Body Guard. She will forever be loved and missed. We... Read More » ”
Posted by: Brandy   - Fan
“ whitney was a family friend, we attthe same high school and grew up in the same neighborhood, i wish nothing but peace and blessings to her and her... Read More » ”
Posted by: DJUANA KELLY - willingboro, NJ
“ We love you Whitney and will definetely miss you our hearts goes out to the entire family. May you rest in peace.                                    ... Read More » ”
Posted by: Angelina Worthington - Bklyn, NY
“ REST IN PEACE GOING TO MISS YOUR MUSIC ”
Posted by: LAURA JONES
“ I loved Whitney Houston's music.God has her in his arms,she will be missed by all. may god be with the family at this time. ”
Posted by: Joyce James - Waycross, GA - Fan
“ Growing up listening to Whitney was and still is a great joy! Her voice was unique, anointed & extrodinary. It will be missed! Prayers goes out to... Read More » ”
Posted by: Juanita Asbury
“ Thanks for sharing your beautiful voice and talent with all of us over the years. So sad to hear of your passing but GOD needed you to sing in HIS... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sandra Sands   - admirer
“ I Love You Whitney.  God Bless and Keep you and may you Rest in Love. ”
Posted by: Janet Young   - Sister in Christ
“ Whitney was a icon and will be sadly missed among all the other great Diva's such as Teena Maria. If anyone is now singing in Heaven it is the two... Read More » ”
Posted by: Letisha Mosley   - Daughter
“ The 80's with your music were amazing~~I grew up with your beautiful voice!! Now your singing in the real choir!! God Bless You~~ ”
Posted by: Lilly   - A fan
“ LOVE YOU WHITNEY! ”
Posted by: Cecilia couch   - friend
“ Whitney was a gift to this world. She touched a lot of lives with her talents. She was an honest dedicated woman who loved her family and her fans. I... Read More » ”
Posted by: S Butler
“ My deepest thoughts and prayers are with Whittney's Family right now May God be with you all is my prayer Amen ”
Posted by: Homer F Lee   - Fan
“ Amazing vocalist will be missed. ”
Posted by: starletha marzette   - fan
“ You will alway be remembered. Your   Beautiful Voice and your Warm Heart.  The Lord will comfort you always. ”
Posted by: Lucille Sollecito
“ GOD BLESS! ”
Posted by: tasha
“ Listening to you sing was the greatest of all ...Prayers for your lovely daughter and all her family... ”
Posted by: Deborah J Streitz   - Loving Fan
“ Rest in peace my sister.  I love you and I know that you knew the LORD and that it was no mistake that HE took HIS child home to be with HIM. GOD... Read More » ”
Posted by: C. Gardiner   - fan and friend
“ One of the most angelic voices I've ever heard, Rest in Peace as you are now a member of God's choir. You will be greatly missed here on Earth. ”
Posted by: Paula   - Sorrowed  Fan
“ RIP.. we will miss you ”
Posted by: anna
“ You are now in gods hands, where you are safe. May you rest in peace. ”
Posted by: Tammy Valles
“ R.I.P. TO THE WOMAN WHO WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN... ”
Posted by: DARLENE   - FAN
“ rhank you for seareing you voice with us ”
Posted by: amanda
“ WHITNEY HOUSTON IMPACTED MY LIFE THROUGH HER MUSIC. MY FAVORITE SONG WAS HER FIRST HIT-GREATEST LOVE OF ALL. I REALLY FELT THAT SONG BECAUSE AT THAT... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tori Voss   - Fan
“ I remember alot about this beautiful woman, rip Whitney, you will always be remembered ”
Posted by: Thelma rice   - fan
“ your beauty will live forever!! ”
Posted by: brenda simmons jones   - fan
“ Your light and love will always abound.. may you find the peace you need in God's arms that you couldn't find on Earth's ground! ”
Posted by: Michelle Cormier
“ May Peace Be Yours Whitney and Your Voice Resound In Heaven    Monica ”
Posted by: Monica Rivers
Posted by: Donna Longfellow
- fan
“ I first met Whitney singing back up for her mother Cissy Houston at Mikell's, a jazz club on the upper west side.  I was a waitress there and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Monica Rivers
“ I light a candle In your name whitney, you were my  friend in spirit. You touch my heart and soul with your voice. I look to you when my heart is... Read More » ”
Posted by: mary Sunagel  - OH
“ R.I.P WHITNEY HOUSTON ”
Posted by: Robboo Brooks   - Fan
“ rest in peace girlfriend. ”
Posted by: sandra hines   - friend
“ RIP dear Whitney.  You sang like an angel.  Now you are singing in the choirs of angels up in Heaven.  We all miss you. ”
Posted by: Anna Greeley
“ Whitney in 1983, to your song "Tomorrow" I married my best friend, my first love, my one and only, my husband...Joey. From 1983 thru 1986 we happily... Read More » ”
Posted by: Mildred Casanova   - A FOREVER FAN
“ what a beautiful voice, she will be missed by many! ”
Posted by: Heather m   - Fan
“ Sweet Angel Voice - Whitney! Rest in the forever loving arms of Father God!      To her family...I will pray for Bobbi, that  God's peace and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Lisa
“ My prayers go out to the family and to you Whitney. I pray that god will stand by the family and help you all threw this time of sorrow. And that he... Read More » ”
Posted by: Ronald Gooden   - A true believer
“ may you rest in peace whitney... prayers go out to your family in this time of greef! ”
Posted by: noel, carli, & niyah hebert
“ Whitney- You were my inspiration to sing when I was a young girl! I won many talent shows singing your songs "I Will Always Love You" "I run to you"... Read More » ”
Posted by: Cassandra Mucci   - friend/fan
“ As many I grew up with you Whitney and as we grew up together, you have been there to share one of your greatest gifts with me. When I was down, you... Read More » ”
Posted by: Ronald Gooden - District Heights, MD
“ I will always remember her when she sang to the troops during a special concert.  She was absolutely gorgeous.  What a loss we have all suffered, but... Read More » ”
Posted by: Donna   - Fan and admirer
“ One of the greatest, most stirring voices of all time, silenced much too soon. Rest in peace, Whitney. ”
Posted by: Sandy Jackson
“ 'I will always Love You Whitney"   What a sad day to hear of our loss of a wonderful singer. ”
Posted by: J.J.Jones   - a fan
“ I grew up very far from the USA.As an African I couldn't help but admire this Great woman God blessed us with,Whitney I loved, admire and respected... Read More » ”
Posted by: ANNA   - FAN
“ You are truly a legend and you will be missed. Greatest Love of All will always be one of my favorite songs. Peace be with you!! ”
Posted by: Charles Cochran English   - fan
“ I was born 2 1/2 months before Whitney and have been inspired by her gift for many years. I was also raised in the church as a singer and I know that... Read More » ”
Posted by: Joyce Merritt   - Sister in Christ
“ To the family of Ms Houston: I write this message knowing that another soldier of God is gone home but not before the Lord allowed one of precious... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jo Ann Thomas   - fan
“ The first time I hear Whitney I was 35 and I lived in Savannah.  When I hear "Saving All My Love for You".  I said to myself that is a hit.  I was... Read More » ”
Posted by: Dee Dee   - fan
“ My prayers go out to Ms Whitney's family. I loved her music and I bought her first two albums and still have them.    She was a great, great singer... Read More » ”
Posted by: Lynda   - fan
“ I pray that God keep all the family and friends in your time of lost may God continue to give you comfort in your time of sorrow love you and hold... Read More » ”
Posted by: Shanna   - fan
“ You Will Be Miss Dearly ”
Posted by: Yvonnda
“ Whitney,  You will be truly missed...RIP! ”
Posted by: melanie
“ Whitney Houston was an amazing singer, I love her acting in the movies: The Bodyguard, The Preachers Wife, & Waiting to Exhale. I didn't know her... Read More » ”
Posted by: Chuntelle Sanford   - fan
“ I WILL MISS U WHITNEY...REST IN PEACE...MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY! ”
Posted by: MELANIE   - # 1 FAN
“ Whitney , I Will Always Love You , You Will Never Be Forgotten , You Are At Peace Now . ”
Posted by: Linda Smith   - fan
“ Rest in Peace Whitney. We All love you and will never forget you, your voice and those wonderful songs you left us. God bless you. ”
Posted by: Lisa teague
“ whitney i love and miss you sooooo much God brought you out to bring you home now just rest in his loving care, and my prayers, my hert and my love... Read More » ”
Posted by: amanda dubose - clifton, NJ
“ PRAYERS FOR THE FAMILY OF WHITNEY HOUSTON, A BEAUTIFUL AND TALENTED LADY GONE TOO SOON. BLESS YOU WHITNEY, ”
Posted by: KATHY ANDERSON   - FAN
“ I think Sir Elton John says it best, you were a candle in the wind. Go with god sweet angel, you are home. ”
Posted by: Julie   - Fan
“ Her voice just something that will neve be forgotten  Her lyrics just hit your mind and soul ”
Posted by: Regina Brumfield
“ I thank God for his gift, you.  No more troubles of the world.  I could see the light He placed in you.  What you have left this world made a... Read More » ”
Posted by: Ruby King   - Friend
“ MY PRAYERS  GO OUT TO WHITNEYS FAMILY DURING THERE TIME OF GREIF LOVE U WHITNEY ”
Posted by: carolyn - rkfd, IL - fan
“ May you rest in peace  Whitney,and my prayers are ever with your family. I will always remember the voice that brought joy,happiness, and love to my... Read More » ”
Posted by: LaQuita   - Fan
“ I am still stunned with the news of Whitneys passing. My heart and prayers go out to Cissy and Bobbi Kristin. Whitney will continue to live in our... Read More » ”
Posted by: Gwenn Rogers   - fan
“ Whitney , i m a fan of your  and the movie waiting to exhale open my eyes up and make me see that we as woman can make it on my own And the voice... Read More » ”
Posted by: Latasha   - Fan
“ i don't believe my sister is dead much to young to die. she will be missed in my soul and my heart. ”
Posted by: jjohn swiatko   - a dear friend
“ to bobbi k ive lost a mother and i know its hard but hold on to gods unchanging hand he help me and i know he wont leave u man will but god is... Read More » ”
Posted by: leslie - Houma, LA - big fan
“ I remember when the movie bodyguard first came out the preachers wife was my favorite I love Whitney Houston ”
Posted by: joeanna Williams    - fan
“ May you rest in peace  Whitney,and my prayers are ever with your family. I will always remember the voice that brought joy,happiness, and love to my... Read More » ”
Posted by: LaQuita   - Fan
“ Dearest Houston Family,  The greatest gift that one can experience is the love of a mother. Bobbie Kristina your mother loved you and was I'm sure... Read More » ”
Posted by: Rosalynn Brookins
“ I am still in disbelief. Whitney will truly be missed. My heart goes out to her daughter especially. God please give her family much strength because... Read More » ”
Posted by: landa
“ Rest in peace while many people remember your legacy. People all over the world will love and miss you-fan ”
Posted by: Cindy
- Wake Forest, NC - fan
“ Your song "Saving all my love for you" our song. The way you sang it was exactly how I felt every time I heard it. Recently while he was in the... Read More » ”
Posted by: Denise Garza - San Antonio, TX
“ She will truly be missed ”
Posted by: linda Mireles
“ IN EVERY PRAYER May you find a place of refuge IN EVERY MEMORY May Heaven feel  a little closer IN EVERY DAWN May Jesus meet you there. Miss.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Miss. Helen  Charles   - fan
“ To an icon that was beautiful, inspirational, and the best human being in the world,  with the best voice in the world. She was always on point with... Read More » ”
Posted by: brittanni   - Big Fan
“ Dearest Houston Family,  The greatest gift that one can experience is the love of a mother. Bobbie Kristina your mother loved you and was I'm sure... Read More » ”
Posted by: Rosalynn Brookins
“ God needed you more than we did , rest in peace. ”
Posted by: Barbara   - Fan
“ God Bless You Whitney!  You live on in many,many hearts! ”
Posted by: Laurie Jones   - fan
“ I grew up on your beautifully sultry voice....you were definitely a calm in the middle of my life's storms....you will be missed ever so dearly!! May... Read More » ”
Posted by: drea
“ we will miss you and always love you from the taylor family ”
Posted by: simone taylor   - fan
“ you will be greatly missed.. we loved you.. your in our prayers as well as your family.. ”
Posted by: jackie cedeno   - fan
“ her music will carry on for decades. she is in my prayer. ”
Posted by: lisa nims   - fan
“ I WIILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU WHITNEY. ”
Posted by: chenita jeffries   - fan
“ she will be missed. ”
Posted by: lisa nims - grand prairie, TX
“ she was the most beautiful singer there ever was and so pretty we will miss you whitney ”
Posted by: susan   - avid fan
“ I have always wanted to be like her. When I first saw her on TV. I loved my favorite I will always love you. Which I try to sing when I go out to do... Read More » ”
Posted by: kathryn Sims - memphis, TN
“ Ms. Whitney songs have help me through some rough times in my life. Her songs touch me in so many ways that I can't explain. She will be greatly miss... Read More » ”
Posted by: JESSIE - PLAQUEMINE, LA - FAN
“ Whitney, you are greatly missed. I grew up listening to your amazing voice. My condolences go out to your entire family. May you rest in peace and I... Read More » ”
Posted by: Renee Schmidt   - fan
“ I grew up listening to Whitneys music. Her music helped me get through some tough times. She was a beautiful person and wonderful artist. God did... Read More » ”
Posted by: Josette Chaffier - Roseto, PA
“ We will always love you. May God bless your daughter and family in this time of great sorrow. ”
Posted by: Paulette Wellington   - fan
“ Ms. Whitney Houston was the most classy elegant lady Ive ever seen perform.She could touch your entire heart and soul with the power of her beautiful... Read More » ”
Posted by: Cassandra Harrison - Nashville, NC
“ You left us way to soon. May you rest in peace.I loved your music and films! You are so beautiful and talented. ”
Posted by: Jacqueline Moore
“ May you RIP Whitney Houston ”
Posted by: Lynn Robinson   - fan
“ What a loss. You will be missed dearly! ”
Posted by: Robin   - fan
“ Another angel called home  With so many speculations surrounding the news I believe God called you home for His use  Another voice to sing out... Read More » ”
Posted by: Annie Woods - Fairburn, GA
“ You will be sadly missed by all of your fans. God Bless and Keep you in his loving arms♥ ”
Posted by: Beverly Riley Butcher
- fan
“ We will miss you and your beautiful voice. You are singing in Heaven now. God Bless and Keep you in his loving arms. ”
Posted by: Beverly   - fan
“ Whitney I have followed you as one of the most elegant and classy performers of all times.Now you get to share your gifts and talents with heaven's... Read More » ”
Posted by: ruby Poindexter - Columbus, OH
“ No more worries are tears to shed,no more heartbreak,rumors spared.No more pain,no notes to hit,no more engagements to schedule or miss.All is peace... Read More » ”
Posted by: CHERYL ANDERSON - Ft, TX
“ YOU TOUCHED MANY PEOPLES HEARTS WITH YOUR POWERFUL VOICE NOW IT HAS BEEN SILENCED OUR WISHES GO OUT TO YOUR DAGHTER AND FAMILY MEMBERS YOU WILL BE... Read More » ”
Posted by: EVELYN WALKER   - fan
“ Thanks for touching so many Hearts!! I love you WITNEY!!! ”
Posted by: WILLIE SMITH   - A FAN
“ I was always in awe of Whitney's beauty   and her gifting from God. I want to say  to her family how sorry I am for her   transition but I know... Read More » ”
Posted by: Pam Gladden   - fan
“ Rest in Peace Nippy ”
“ May your soul rest in peace ”
Posted by: Angela Denise Stacy-Riddle
- Fan
“ I loved your music and films! You are so beautiful and talented.You left us way to soon.May you rest peace.Your music will live on forever. ”
Posted by: Tracy Smith
“ Whitney, I really appreciate you using your God given talents to bless us. You left us way too soon. I pray you are resting in the arms of Jesus,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Valencia Richardson
“ I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU JERSEY SISTER. REST IN PEACE WHITNEY. ”
Posted by: CARMEN   - NONE
“ I am still in shock of Whitney death, it's so had  to write the word death beside her name, my best memory of Whitney was when she came to Virginia... Read More » ”
Posted by: irish walden   - fan
“ Iloved Whitney Houston even when the demons attacked her.Ijust pray that God would see her through it. God and her family let us share her throughout... Read More » ”
Posted by: vicki Lyons - Hephzibah, GA
“ My condolances to the Houston Family. She is truly an Angel. ”
Posted by: Ethel Chokov   - fan
“ Whitney Houston, "you will truly be missed, but never forgotten, God truly needed you most. I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU! ”
Posted by: JACQUELYN QUINN
“ When I was a little girl and all grow up, I used to always watched Whitney's videos on tv. Her videos was always my favorite because it inspired... Read More » ”
Posted by: Charmaine Slaton
“ When I first heard "I look to you," it brought tears to my eyes as I could feel her pain and her triumph through her voice . I later found out that... Read More » ”
Posted by: Hazel McDonald   - Fan
“ I met Whitney Houston's music while serving in the Gulf War. She had recorded the Star Spangled Banner and we played it over and over and over. The... Read More » ”
Posted by: Chaplain PJ Banks-Anderson, DMin - MI
“ Whitney have finished the course, She have kept the faith. Her presence here on earth will be greatly missed, but our lost is Heaven's gain. Sending... Read More » ”
Posted by: Hazel Morris   - fan
“ wishing my sympathy to the houston family on the passing of whitney. who was a wonderful singer and entertainer. she will truly be missed ”
Posted by: fran   - friend
“ I first saw Whitney in concert Cleveland Ohio in 1985 shortly after the birth of my son...it was my first outing since his birth. I will never forget... Read More » ”
Posted by: bunny
“ I pray for her soul and for her family and fans ”
Posted by: Teresa   - fan
Posted by: Earnest
- JUST A FAN
“ Whitney, we were born exactly 7 months apart, and I always felt like you were just one of my homegirls! It was as if you understood me! You rest now... Read More » ”
Posted by: Marsha T - omaha, NE
“ Praying for the family. ”
Posted by: Angela   - FAN
“ Your music will  contnue to live in our memories for ever.  Rest In Peace.  Bevelyn Mitchell, Myrtle Beach, SC ”
Posted by: Bevelyn Mitchell   - Admired Fan
“ RIP Whitney Houston ”
Posted by: Lynne   - Admirare
“ Whitney was an amazing singer and will sadly be missed. Our Prayer's go out to the daugther and Houston family. ”
Posted by: Lajoya
“ What a beautiful woman and such a lovely voice.  Thank you for all your beautiful music and movies.  Rest in peace special lady. ”
Posted by: Debbie Schroeder   - Admirer
“ All the pain and demons you experienced as a human is over . . .rest in peace with the Lord.  Our prayers extended to Bobbi Kristina will surely keep... Read More » ”
Posted by: Karen   - Fan
“ We will miss you Whitney.. May You have peace with the Lord.. We love you!   fr: Kendall Park, NJ ”
Posted by: Bess
“ Whitney. You will always be remembered and loved for your wonderful and voice. I will always love and miss you. But will never forget you. You will... Read More » ”
Posted by: Joanne   - True fan
“ THEIR IS A TRUE ANGEL MISSING AMONG US HERE ON EARTH GOD HAS CALLED ONE MORE OF HIS ANGELS HOME.  REST IN PEACE WHITNEY:  CHERYL ”
Posted by: CHERYL FROM WASHINGTON DC
“ I LOVE YOU MS. WHITNEY HOUSTON AND NO ONE COULD EVER DO WHAT YOU DID. YOU WERE ONE THE GREATEST AND ONE OF A KIND!!!!!!!!!I WILL MISS THAT BEAUTIFUL... Read More » ”
Posted by: Melissa Darby
“ I am shocked and saddened by the sudden passing of Whitney Houston. I have loved her music and her voice for many years and have taught many of her... Read More » ”
Posted by: S. Handrahan   - fan
“ Whitney, your spirit will live in us through your gift of music. You Will be missed and FOREVER LOVED!!!! R.I.P. ”
Posted by: Adrian   - fan
“ Whitney, you will never be forgotten....Love you...R.I.P....!!!!! ”
Posted by: Esther - VA
“ You will surely be missed. I wish to extend my condolences to the family ”
Posted by: Tanya Mitchell   - a fan
“ Love and kisses wendy. May you rest in peace. L dixon fort worth tx ”
Posted by: Leslie Dixon   - fan
“ Whitney may you forever rest in eternal peace.  God has called you home, but you will never be forgotten here on earth.  You will be missed than... Read More » ”
Posted by: Terri   - Fan
“ I AM SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS, BUT KNOW THAT SHE IS IN A BETTER PLACE NOW.  GOD MAKES NO MISTAKES HE LOVES ALL OF US, JUST THINK NO MORE PAIN,SUFFING SHE... Read More » ”
Posted by: SHORTY FROM WASHINGTON DC
“ you will be truly miss, love u whitney houston ”
Posted by: diane cook   - fan
“ I remeber as a preteen dancing in the bathroom to her song " How will I know ". Whitney I will always love you! ”
Posted by: Lillie
“ To live is Christ but to die is Gain. Gone but not forgotten. ”
Posted by: Uta Wortham   - fan
“ GOD HAS HIS ANGLE BACK WITH HIM NOW,  R I P WHITNEY HOUSTON.   LOVE   PEACE  HAPPIEST      GOD BLESS U AND YOURS ”
Posted by: April    -  FAN
“ I will always love you ”
Posted by: Ann hartman
“ God gave you to us to fill the world with a joyful noise. The heavens are now wanting there song bird back for rest. We will meet soon one day.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Alsia Taylor
“ MAY YOUR SOUL REST IN PEACE. ”
Posted by: Emma Gatewood   - FAN
“ "Sparkle" with love, Ford & Felder family ”
Posted by: Shrywee Ford
“ God bless Whitney and her family now and always ”
Posted by: Leigh Barbour   - Fan
“ Thank you for such beautiful music.  You always warmed my heart with your voice.  God Bless. ”
Posted by: Amy
“ sorry for your lost. ”
Posted by: bluette miller   - fan
“ A Beautiful Woman that will be missed dearly no matter what the past held look what she did world wide. RIP MRS. Houston ”
Posted by: Y Clanton   - fan
“ REST IN PEACE WHITNEY: MAY GOD BLESS UR FAMILY.  IT HAS TRUELY BEEN A BLESSING LISTENING TO UR MUSIC, I WILL ALWAYS MISS U.   U R A TRUE LEGEND IN MY... Read More » ”
Posted by: CHERYL (B K A  SHORTY)
“ We are here today making memories with the ones we love and gone tomorrow leaving those memories for our love one's to remember us.  Whitney you have... Read More » ”
Posted by: Paula B
“ Whittney,  I will always lLove you & Miss You!              Jill R. ”
Posted by: Jill R.   - Fan
“ every song she wrote she sent a message and told a story life! ”
Posted by: catisha daniels
“ You will live forever in the hearts of your fans that have truly love you, your voice was of an angel to our ears and an inspiration.  Rest in Peace. ”
Posted by: Olga Iris Acevedo   - FAN
“ I enjoyed the great talent God gave to her. She shared it well. May God cmfort her daughter and the rest of the family,friends and fans. ”
Posted by: Barbara Twyman - Washington, DC
“ You will be missed...But you voice will forever live on <3 ”
Posted by: Donna Nelson
“ I will miss Whitney very much. I am praying for her family. A loving fan in Michigan. ”
Posted by: Vandealine
“ They say God doesn't give a person more than they can handle....I say in your case as with so many others, looks like he did. Whitney, I pray that... Read More » ”
Posted by: Louis Brito and Shelly Williams
“ Condolence to Her Daughter, Mother and other Family members ”
Posted by: Mary Thomas   - Fan
“ T the Houston/ Bobbi Kris , Ms Whitney were gods gift to all of us, you were my idol , I will truly miss you. May God be bless the family. ”
Posted by: dianne jiminez - bear, DE
“ I have always loved you Whitney and May you rest in peace. You will be truly missed ”
Posted by: Danielle Richardson
“ Whitney your voice will always be in our hearts forever, because death can never kill what lives forever.....LOVE, the same love you shared with us... Read More » ”
Posted by: Olga Iris Acevedo - Hamilton, NJ
“ my condolences to her family.i no she is shinning brightly among the stars in gods kingdom. with no more pain no more tears to shed.lord please take... Read More » ”
Posted by: tameka
- fan
“ I loved Whitney's Music so very much. I will miss her. She was the Greatest Artist ever. She will be missed. ”
Posted by: d ray   - FAN
“ To a great insparation to MANY... RIP Whitney.. God be with you. ”
Posted by: Rita   - Fan
“ - she was the best pop singer alive <3 ”
Posted by: annie   - fan
“ rip whitney ”
Posted by: barbara   - fan
“ I have Loved her since 1985 When her first single came out ,I have loved her thru the bobby times and the drug times and I still love you Whitney E... Read More » ”
Posted by: Marty Hinton
“ My favorite song was the greastest love of all and I sang it in church in 1986. I'll alwats love her no matter what! ”
Posted by: Stephanie
“ Whitney you will always hold a special note in my ears, and a shine in my eyes, Love Willette You  are truly a HERO ”
Posted by: willette Martin   - EdZ3
“ Always amazed at Whitney Houston's powerful voice and being a novice singer knew how much air had to pass through those lungs to be able to hit those... Read More » ”
Posted by: Kathy Schlect
“ I would like to extend my sincere sympathy to the family.  Please take comfort in the fact that millons of people are praying for you.  We all will... Read More » ”
Posted by: Barbara Smith   - Devoted Fan
“ U R TRUELY MISSED WHITNEY: I LOVED LISTING TO UR MUSIC IT MADE ME FEEL GOOD ON THE DAYS I WAS FEELING BAD,MAY YOUR FAMILY FIND PEACE AND HAPPIEST. ... Read More » ”
Posted by: cheryl ( B K A )  SHORTY
“ rip whitney houston ”
Posted by: Pam Burton Donnan
“ Now you can sing and be the angle you never could be on earth… Rest in peace!! ”
Posted by: Tracy   - No Relationship
“ She was a beautiful daughter, mother, and person. We all have demons in our lives, who are we to judge. And if you say you don't than there is... Read More » ”
Posted by: cvi   - just another human being
“ Rest in peace beautiful Angel ”
Posted by: deloris williams   - Fan
“ Thank you Whitney for all the beautiful music. You will be missed by so many that loved you and cherished you. God Bless ur Family at this time. Your... Read More » ”
Posted by: sophia trujillo   - fan
“ Whitney, Her life touched multitudes of people during her life-time. Her gift was shared unselfishly throughout the world, many languages, cultures,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Veronica   - Non relative
“ I WILL MISS THIS LADY.SHE INSPIRED ALOT OF PEOPLE.HER MUSIC WAS THE HEART OF HER SOUL.TRULEY A RESPECTABLE LADY,MOST IMPORTANT A CHILD OF GOD ”
Posted by: CHARLENE ELLIOTT   - FAN
“ with deepest sympathy ”
“ May God Bless you Whitney, Rest in Peace. ”
Posted by: Evelyn   - Fan
Posted by: Rebecca Cantu
- Fan
“ The world, the entertainment industry and all who loved Whitney Houston, have truly lost one of the greatest vocalist of all time. Her voice, one... Read More » ”
Posted by: Irenda G. Gates   - A true fan.
“ So sorry for your lose i lve all her song lord bless this family ”
Posted by: Felicia Spears   - fan
“ God has a new angel for his choir. My heart goes out to Whitney's friends and family. God Bless you all. I will miss that Voice. ”
Posted by: Kerry   - A Fan
“ Rest In Peace Gods Sweet Sweet Angel cause now your in hands of God. ”
Posted by: Edie Lindsey
- Just A Fan
“ she was the truth,and also a star,she was the realest person ive ever listen to as an artist i love whitney houston as singer an person who's voice... Read More » ”
Posted by: sophia redding - macon, GA
“ Whitney you were the best to ever perform and sing i never heard a song of yours that didnt make me want to dance or feel cold chills. You will be... Read More » ”
Posted by: Judy    - fan
“ Hate to hear this everything will be ok family and friend be strong the lord will be with you ”
Posted by: felicia spears   - friend
“ my sympathy goes out to the family I will keep you all in my prayers keep God first and keep the faith ”
Posted by: Loretta Brown   - loyal fan
“ Sorry for the loss ... I've always love her music <3 ”
Posted by: Lori   - Fan
“ whitney, you will be greatly missedby the world. i will always love you as my idol and superstar. you are so beautiful and a voice that was carried... Read More » ”
Posted by: irene swody   - fan
“ You Will Be Missed ”
Posted by: tanya
“ Whitney will dearly be missed! Sincere condolences to her family! May her loving memories console your heart!!! ”
Posted by: Cynthia Chester   - fan
“ RIP beautiful voice - we'll miss you! ”
Posted by: Lucy   - Fan
“ you was an amazing singer that will truelly be missed ur memory will live on forever my thoughts and prayers are with the family in this difficult... Read More » ”
Posted by: ashley
“ you was an amazing singer that will truely be missed my thoughts and prayers are with the family in this difficult time ur memory will live on... Read More » ”
Posted by: ashley
“ May God be with the Houston family at this sorrowful time.  Whitney will always be here with us.  She is history and made history.  Keep on Whitney,.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Agnes Washington - Lady's Island, SC
“ my prayers are with the family and especially her young daughter keep GOD in your prayers and have faith and know that she is with you always dont... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tracey Smith   - loyalfan
“ I'm sorry for you Loss... ”
Posted by: Rhonda McDonnell   - Fan
“ May Ur Soul Rest in Perfect Peace. Amin! Alot of ur tracks sent me to a moment in time i cherish. Thank u. ”
Posted by: Ahmad B.   - FAN
“ whitney,  your voice was  greater than great. your are so beautiful.inspiring to all the world, i will always hear your voice no matter where i go.... Read More » ”
Posted by: irene swody   - fan
“ I was fortunate to have seen Ms. Houston in concert at Continental Arena. She was a beautiful and gifted women. I don't think anyone's voice matches... Read More » ”
Posted by: Constance Rathbun - Hackensack, NJ
“ im so sorry for your lost of whitney houston. im a big fan of her movies and music but her in particular. i loved her song " i will always love you"... Read More » ”
Posted by: infiniti brown   - fan
“ Rest In Peace Whitney...Your voice will echo throughout the heavens. forever. ”
Posted by: Paula Wood   - Fan
“ in loving memory of our beloved whitney houston..gone but certantly not forggoten!!rest in peace!!!<3 ”
Posted by: liz   - fan
“ you have went home to a better place whitney and you will be miss down here on earth. tell my son jamel hernandez i love him. until we met in heaven . ”
Posted by: angela   - fan
“ our prayers goes out to the Family and may Whitney houston rest in peace, she will truly be missed and her music will live on forever. from the... Read More » ”
Posted by: cheryl    - A FAN 4 LIFE
“ RIP Whitney. You are now with the angels. ”
Posted by: Denise Newcomb   - fan
“ Love for always! ”
Posted by: Nancy Day   - fan
“ REST  IN  PEACE  WHITNEY HOUSTON ”
Posted by: GERALDINE
“ Whitney Houston WAS THE  QUEEN OF POP , she should be remembered for that and the many good things that she did in her career not form her drug use.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tia Lajuana Benson -Meridian
“ You will be missed. ”
Posted by: Deborah Patches   - fan
“ Beautiful lady!Great Singer...you will me remembered... ”
Posted by: Carmella Nelson   - Fan
“ to the family of whitney Houston May god hold your dear one close to him an keep her tight in his arms. She was a great singer when she came here to... Read More » ”
Posted by: larry Loder
“ i will always love you whitney houston and i will continue to buy and listen to your music ”
Posted by: donna   - fan
“ RIP Whitney!! We will always love you!! Your voice will live on forever in each and every one of us. ”
Posted by: Lena Ruiz   - Fan
“ Whitney you have inspired many!  You have shown strengths and weaknesses that many women have to confront in their lives.  You have truly lived,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jeannies Taxi
“ May you rest in peace Whitney Houston ”
Posted by: Tisa L. Robinson   - A fan
“ i love whitney huston she is the light ”
Posted by: Lamona archer - richmond, VA
“ god has regained an angle, you have shown us what the greatest love really means ”
Posted by: marina   - fan
“ HER SONG I LOOK TO YOU BROUGHT ME THROUGH MY BATTLE WITH DRUGS ”
Posted by: Hazel GettiinqIttoqetha Williams
“ IN LOVING MEMORY ”
Posted by: Jeanette and Kenneth Brown   - fan
“ Whitney you were my all time favorite Singer in the world! You are now free to sing in the heavens with the Almighty,my love and prayers go out to... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tineka Mayes
“ SHE WAS THE BEST THEIR WAS NO OTHER LIKE THE ONE AND GREAT WHITNEY HOUSTON, MAY SHE REST IN PEACE.SHE HAD PUT SO MUCH JOY IN SO MANY LIVES WITH HER... Read More » ”
Posted by: cleo joyner
“ My heart goes out to Whitney's mom and daughter, God Bless you and be with you.Also my prayer's goes out for all Whitney family and May God Bless you... Read More » ”
Posted by: Mary Ann Pl;aninc   - fan
“ Whitney, your beautiful soul is set free to fly.  God has called you home and you left us too soon.  you are know with the angels and is singing your... Read More » ”
Posted by: Leila Moccasin   - fan
“ It is sad to see such a wonderful talent slip away so early.  I had hope that she would turn her life around, if not for herself - then for her... Read More » ”
Posted by: Carol Cordova-Willhoite
- Fan
“ jus like to say RIP MS Whitney Houston an my prayers are goin out to u an your family your music has brought me a lot of joy over the years i grew up... Read More » ”
Posted by: Stephanie Ħot Stuff Haze
- fan
“ I will miss Whitney ...  and offer my condolences to her family and friends and fans.  I "loved" her voice and I am one who will miss her. ”
Posted by: May Kimball   - A  DistantFan
“ Every song Whitney sings, brings life into my heart. Whitney songs come to life. Her singing comes from her heart. I love her dressing, her style,... Read More » ”
Posted by: sharon wright - atlanta, GA
“ My dream was to meet you one day Whitney. I love you, I adore your songs, Your voice inspires me. I will always love you. Rest in Peace ”
Posted by: angel   - fan
“ LOVE FOREVER ”
Posted by: Ken Chris   - Fan
“ I will never forget the first time I heard her phenominal voice, I was 13 and out on the pond in a little boat with a small hand held radio, the song... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jennifer Cuyle   - Honored Fan
“ Thank you Whitney  You are in my thoughts and prayers and your music always in my heart and soul ”
Posted by: Ida   - Fan
“ My memories of whitney houston are jus magical music ”
Posted by: rolinda hubbard   - fan
“ you will be greatly missed loved your music ”
Posted by: rebecca watkins
“ I didnt know you personally but I did thru your music. You had such a wonderful spirit. I know you loved the Lord. He loved you more that is why you... Read More » ”
Posted by: y mitchell   - admirer
“ I remember the first time I heard her amazing voice I was in my mothers car. I was so in awe at the ranges of her voice. In God arms is where she is... Read More » ”
Posted by: Alexis   - big big fan
“ I just loved Whitney she was like an Auntie that I never had. Her music has touched me in so many ways. may God bless the family and give them... Read More » ”
Posted by: latoya   - friend
“ I'm so sorry I will always love you Whitney ”
Posted by: Azalia   - Friend
“ my prayers go out to the Family   I will miss her a lot. ”
Posted by: cheryl johnson - Washington, DC
“ I remember the first time I heard her amazing voice I was in my mothers car. I was so in awe at the ranges of her voice. In God arms is where she is... Read More » ”
Posted by: Alexis   - big big fan
“ My prayers go out to the family and everyone that loves her..continue to look towards the hill for all our help. ”
Posted by: Gloria Randall   - no relation
“ My family to yours Sending out prayers to you and wishing that the father would gome to your family and give you peace during your time of great... Read More » ”
Posted by: Rucinada   - fan
“ Whitney Houston has been my favorite artist since she first was introduced to us.  May God give her peace and rest and my he bless her family with... Read More » ”
Posted by: Janis   - long time fan
“ I loved you, I love you, and I will always love you. ”
Posted by: James Pritchett   - Suspended
“ May our Lord Jesus Christ bless the family of Whitney, during their time of sorry. ”
Posted by: marie upshaw   - fan
“ I remember as a kid coming home from school and listening to her album every day while putting on a lip-sync performance! ”
Posted by: Rontae Aldrich
- Fan
“ I am so sad that such a talent will no longer grace us with her presence, you will be loved and remembered always.  You were the first concert I ever... Read More » ”
Posted by: Cheryl Willoe Collado
- Fairview, NJ
“ Your music is out of this world, love you always, rest in peace Whitney. ”
Posted by: Ola   - fan
“ be at peace with God cathy ”
Posted by: catherine maenza
“ Rest In Peace.I Will Always Love You. ”
Posted by: effie m williams   - fan
“ Whitney you will surely be missed.  You had one of the most beautiful voices.  There will never be another.  May you be at peace. God bless you and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jeanine Werntz   - Fan
“ I'am speechless, you will always be remember by me whitney. I pray for your daugther who is with out a wonderful mother. ”
Posted by: India   - Fan
“ May God be with the Houston family , friends and fan. ”
Posted by: Tashekajackson   - A fan
“ Whitney was an inspiration to all of my family in everything she did. ”
Posted by: karan woodson   - fan
“ Our prayers are with her family.  May God give them the grace to handle this terrible tragedy. We thank God for the gift of Whitney Houston's voice... Read More » ”
Posted by: Deb
“ So sad, what a beautiful voice & woman. I loved to hear Whitney sing.My heart goes out to her family. ”
Posted by: Verla   - A fan
“ A Daughter,A Mother, a Beautiful voice that will no longer feel the pain of this old world.Only God knew the hour. I pray the Family will have the... Read More » ”
Posted by: Liz Moore   - loed her music
“ Whitney Houston is already missed.I grew up listening to her. ”
Posted by: Robin Collins   - Fan
“ My prayers go out to the family, and her great talent will be truly missed. She will always be remembered throught the great music that she left........ Read More » ”
Posted by: Phillip   - Fan
“ Another Angel gone home to be with our Heavenly Father.  Thoughts and Prayers to bobbi Kristina and the entire Houston, Brown and Warwick families. ”
Posted by: E.B.Williams
“ We will miss you. ”
Posted by: Shelley   - fan
“ Whitney touched so many millions of lives.  Our memories are steeped not only in the sincerity of her voice, but what she portrayed in her eyes and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jeff Marshall   - fan
“ I took my little brother to his first concert - and it was to see Whitney.  A voice like no other, she will be missed.  RIP.... ”
Posted by: T Inman
“ SHE IS AT PEACE NOW. SHE IS HAPPY .THIS I TRULY BELIEVE. MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO THE FAMILY ”
Posted by: R.FORD - asheboro, NC - fan
“ My heart goes out to the Houston family! May she rest in peace! ”
Posted by: Catherine Toral   - Fan
“ I picked the Brightest Candle, because you were the Brightest Star. Now when we look to Heaven we'll all know where you are. ”
Posted by: Chris Turner   - Life long Fan
“ Ms. Houston,  For one moment in time you shared your God-given talent with the world.  Thank you for adding to the soundtrack of our lives. Watch... Read More » ”
Posted by: Carrington Morris
“ I will miss you and your beautiful voice ”
Posted by: donna   - fan
“ My  prayers are with the family, and I know  that no matter the grief, God is there and we will Miss  Whitney Houston. we will always remember her... Read More » ”
Posted by: Ann    Atkinson - wilson, NC
“ WHITNEY HOUSTON...OMG..THE GREATEST WOMAN IN THE WORLD, GREATEST VOICE IN THE WORLD..CAN'T BELIEVE YOUR GONE, BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN..BOBBIE KRISTINS... Read More » ”
Posted by: chrissy princess reid   - fan
“ LIFE OF THIS CANDLE WILL BURN ON FOR EVER ”
Posted by: troy m smith   - fan
“ Whitney brought such joy to all her fans!  One of the greatest singers of all time.  Whitney, your music helped me through some hard times and good... Read More » ”
Posted by: JULIE - CLIO, MI - FAN
“ May God give comfort to the family and friends of the late Ms. Whitney Houston. God knows all about it. His promise is to comfort you. Please trust... Read More » ”
Posted by: FAYE wILLIAMS   - Fan
“ So sad-sympathy to her mom and daughter! Praying for the Family. Kathy ”
Posted by: Kathy mroczkowski   - friend
“ Dear Whitney!All my Family love you very much!You been so beautiful and very talented!We knew how much you loved life and your mom and your daughter... Read More » ”
Posted by: Natela Chubinidze   - Big Fun
“ Your music will live on.... ”
Posted by: Karen Curris
“ My deepest sympathy to the family.Whitney was truely one in a million.And she touched many peoples lives.Thank you for allowing her to share her gift... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jessica   - fan
“ In Febuary 1987, I called a radio station when I was living in Burlingtn Vermont and I requested Whitney Houstons Dance with somebody for my then 9... Read More » ”
Posted by: Bernadette
- FAN
“ Your beautiful voice and songs will live forever.  God rest your soul.  Be at peace now. ”
Posted by: sherri pyle   - fan
“ Sadly missed but never forgotten RIP Whitney ”
Posted by: Karen   - fan
“ My condolences to the family of the late Whitney Houston.  While I am still in shock about losing her too soon, I know the reality of the loss is... Read More » ”
Posted by: Lisa Carter   - fan
“ wonderful lady!she died of a broken heart. ”
Posted by: regina miller
“ Whitney I will always love you and your music.  Donna ”
Posted by: Donna - Pascoag, RI - #1fan
“ She had the most angelic voice that captured your heart and soul when she opened her mouth. She was an Icon and a Diva despite all her trials and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Kelly John
“ We love you and may God bless your family. Heaven bound.      The Turner family ”
Posted by: Donna Turner   - fan
“ I will miss your beautiful voice, but God needed another singing angel  in Heaven. ”
Posted by: Hope   - fan  for many years
“ The first time I heard Whitney sing, I was amazed by her beautiful and powerful voice! She is amazing and will be missed! Prayers for her family and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sheree   - Fan
“ I dont really have any personal memories of her but I loved Whitney like she was part of my family.. I know im taking this tragic siutation really... Read More » ”
Posted by: tanika delifus - Jacksonville, FL
“ I growing up listening to Ms. Houston, when i heard the songs it sent chills up my spine & touched my soul.Despite yours troubles i never lost faith... Read More » ”
Posted by: sandra carey   - Sincere Fan
“ rest in peace ”
Posted by: hagenmaureen   - fan
“ Whitney Houston. Was icons. She was the greatest musical of all time my favorite song was count on me with cece winans ”
Posted by: TaliaNesmith
“ A light and voice that will forever be remembered by the world.  Rest in Peace Whitney. ”
Posted by: Yolanda Lloyd-Flemming
“ Her voice was majestic! We grew up listening to her! Our prayers go out to her entire family, ”
Posted by: A Fan   - A Fan
“ May God continue to bless you and give you strength and courage to make it through this time of grief and pain. The pain I feel is so great, I can... Read More » ”
Posted by: Edwiena Walton   - fan
“ I REMEMBER WHEN ME AND MY FRIEND USE TO TRY TO SING THE GREATEST LOVE OF ALL,MY FAVORITE SONG WAS A MIRACLE,WHITNEY YOU WERE A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN AND I... Read More » ”
Posted by: CHRISTIE WALL - GREENSBORO, NC
“ Whitney your singing with the Angels now thanks for the music and the wonderful memories your music has given me god bless your a legend you go... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sharon   - lifelong fan
“ An angelic voice has silenced much too soon. She was beautiful inside and out. She will be sorely missed. My heart goes out to her family. ”
Posted by: Gloria   - fan
“ You will be sadly missed and prayers go out to all of the family at this sad time ”
Posted by: gail - port saint lucie , FL
“ I really can't believe you are gone. All your fans is missing you like crazy but we love you Whitney Houston. Our hearts are with you and your family... Read More » ”
Posted by: Mz.T   - Private
“ Whitney you will be missed.  My thoughts and prayers are with your family and daughter.  May your legacy live on forever. ”
Posted by: Denise Dusch   - n/a
“ THIS GLOWING CANDLE IS FOR U WHITNEY... I WILL KEEP UR SINGING AND SMILE NEAR MY HEART ALWAYS.. ”
Posted by: Jeraldine Lattimore
“ I AM PRAYING FOR WHITNEY'S SOUL AND BOBBI CHRISTINA'S STRENGTH AND THE HOLE FAMILY.  PEACE BE STILL. ”
Posted by: JOYCE BOYER   - FAN
“ Dearest Whitney:  It is so hard to believe that you are gone.  Although You are indeed with the Lord, you are gone too soon.  My thoughts and prayers... Read More » ”
Posted by: Roberta Moyds   - Fan
“ Whitney RIP may god smile on yu go into heaven and sing for the lord. yu are a beautiful person and truley will be missed may god blesse yur family.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Carrline Barney - Williamsport, PA
“ Whitney is now with Jesus in Heaven. She has no pain and perfect peace. ”
Posted by: Carol Kubik   - Friend
“ RIP you are now with the angels and your music will live on ”
Posted by: Korena Helter   - fan
“ Whitney Had many many good deed, you could have posted. Any negative issues she had should never been part of a memory. Then you want to light a... Read More » ”
Posted by: laura - ontario, CA - friend
“ R.I.P Whitney Houston ”
Posted by: Tamara Thomas   - fan
“ Rest in peace Superstar :) ”
Posted by: Loretta    - FAN
“ I HOPE YOU CAN FIND IN DEATH WHAT YOU COULD NOT FIND IN LIFE, TRUE HAPPINESS. YOU CAN WATCH OVER YOUR DAUGHTER AND YOUR FAMILY. AND YOU CAN FINALLY... Read More » ”
Posted by: MARIA GARCIA   - JUST ANOTHER FAN
“ Thank you God, Cissy, Bobbi, and most of all Whitney...for sharing your gift of song, spirit and beauty with the world so that I could admire your... Read More » ”
Posted by: m - so cal, CA
“ Rest in Peace Dear Whitney. Your music shall live on forever! ”
Posted by: Gregory B Smith   - Fan
“ I will always remember you ”
Posted by: Marilyn   - Loyal fan
“ Thank you Whitney for inspiring my gospel music singing career, and for all the great memories of your treasury of musical works. I will never forget... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sandra Hawkins
“ To young to lose. Thank you for all your beauty. May you rest in peace. ”
Posted by: Ann Lawrence   - A Fan
“ R.I.P. Whitney. ”
“ My memories of her will always be the voice not the media lies. RIP. ”
Posted by: Katie mccollum   - a so sad fan
“ ms.whitney houston u r the greatest of them all. and u will be in my heart.iam missing u already u r the greatest love of all.joyce scott from... Read More » ”
Posted by: joy scottce
“ i remember will i was a little kid hearing  ur voice i knew it was going to be a one of a kind ur beautiful voice so much luv coming from it,every... Read More » ”
Posted by: Alicia Smith   - big fan
“ I'm going to miss Whitney Houston. She was a great performer and despite the problems she dealt with through her life, she will be sorely missed. God... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sue   - fan
“ Whitney you will be missed. To her daughter, Bobbie Christina, and her mother Cissy, I want to thank you for sharing Whitney with us. God lent her to... Read More » ”
Posted by: Gloria Hyde   - fan
“ RIP WHITNEY, GONE TOO SOON. ”
Posted by: ROBERT R PEARMAN   - FAN
“ When I heard you sing the first time, your voice gave me cold chills.   I never got to meet You or go to one of your concerts.   You were one of the... Read More » ”
Posted by: Linda   - fan/friend/sister
“ May you find peace in the heaven above within the arms of God and his heavenly angels. Sing loud with rejoicing songs that will beheeeaded with all... Read More » ”
Posted by: Pamela Coates
“ Thank you for sharing you beautiful voice with all of us for so many years, Whitney. May you rest in peace. Let us all remember to hold up your... Read More » ”
Posted by: Linda
“ How sad of her passing.  She was one of the most beautiful ladies, and the purest  voice.  Her acting role in the Bodyguard was very good. ”
Posted by: Judy W - Huntsville , TX
“ May I just say, please. I just have to release this thought from my mind. Though so many others want to make up stories about dear, sweet, beautiful... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sue   - Loving Fan
“ You will be Greatly Missed<3 May you rest now in Peace! ”
Posted by: Kristee Terry   - Fan
“ :'(   I REMEMBER WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL GROWING UP;I ALWAYS LISTEN TO WHITNEY HOUSTON.SHE ENCOURAGE ME IN HER SONGS LIKE IM EVERY WOMAN. I FEEL... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sha'Brice Sims
“ The first time i met you was at the hotel intercontinental in the early 1990's. You were then a flower that was blossoming.thank you for everything... Read More » ”
Posted by: sylvia atkins - new orleans, LA
“ Thank you, I love you, rest well, may God receive you for all eternity and may we see each other on the other side.  XO ”
Posted by: Catherine Jones
“ she was a beautifl person.she brought alot of joy into everyones lives.now she is with the angels.god be with the family at this time.  my heart and... Read More » ”
Posted by: BETTY C.   - fan
“ May you be in peace and never forgotten ”
Posted by: MARTA RODRIGUEZ
“ Gone too soon-loved your music especially  bodyguard soundtrack/my favorite "I will always love you"may you rest in peace . GOD be with your family  ... Read More » ”
Posted by: wanda nall - little rock, AR
“ Dear Whitney's Family, What is there really to say? This is SO very heartbreaking and SO very unexpected by everyone who has loved Whitney. We do... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sue McMorrow   - A Loving Fan
“ YOU SANG THE BEST...AND I LOVED YOU SINCE I WAS A YOUNG GIRL! YOU WILL BE MISSED... SEE YOU IN HEAVEN~ ”
Posted by: Angela Wishes
- FAN
“ May u rest in peace Mrs. Diva, u will be truly miss I love the songs that your beautiful golden voice has grace us with. I know heaven now has a... Read More » ”
Posted by: Roselyn Brand    - a true fan
“ My heart is in pain, I wonder why I couldn't have been in a place to be with you on Saturday, why you were alone. The saddest thing is that you were... Read More » ”
Posted by: ReBecca Ellis
“ God bless you Whitney you had the voice of an angel!! ”
Posted by: Susan
“ I remember when waiting to exhale came out. I loved to sing, I like Whitney grew up singing in the church ], and with my high school choral ensamble.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Georgia Lindsey - Chicago, IL
“ May God have you in his loving arms,you'll always be missed and be in my heart.there never be no other singer like you.may you rest in peace and be... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sonia Flores   - fan
“ Whitney, You Were The Best You Put On Your White Robe And The Lord Took You By The Hand And Said Well Done My Faithful Servant Now Come On Home. You... Read More » ”
Posted by: Rosalind R. Moore   - Big Fan
“ Whitety,we will all miss you very much,my heart is so sad cause i grew up with your songs.i now now your with our hevenly father,like you said you... Read More » ”
Posted by: Christina Hernlund   - fan
“ Thank you for your beautiful voice ”
Posted by: Mary   - Fan
“ I'm sorry, but, one tribute to Whitney just didn't seem like enough!!!! If I am this devastated about her death, I can't even imagine what her Mom... Read More » ”
Posted by: Kristen Rol   - Loving Fan
“ We will miss much may you rest in peace you were an angle.....luv u...... ”
Posted by: dean branco   - fan
“ To Ms. Houston's Family, I am extremely sorry for your loss.  The loss you have experienced at this young age of her life, is uncomprenhendable.  Ms.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Debbie Kappes   - Fan
“ All my childhood memories  have Whitney somewhere in the  Background " her beautiful  voice!! " motivated ,encouraged ,and  Helped me heal when I... Read More » ”
Posted by: Bonnie   - Fan
“ The best voice ever to grace this planet,the best voice that will ever grace this plane. No one will ever compare to what this singer did.. She is a... Read More » ”
Posted by: dean branco - laupahoehoe, HI
“ Whitney may you rest in peace. You will be missed. I love your music, you are so talented. Thanks for sharing that talent with the world. ”
Posted by: Teresa   - fan
“ ..."and when Whitney got tired fighting her demons and flesh, God whispered to her soul and gave her everlasting rest. RIP Whitney." ”
Posted by: Virginia "Ginny" Alder   - Fan
“ In your memory, my dear one, you were more than beautiful, more than spectacular, you were more than words could ever describe.. You were, ... Read More » ”
Posted by: Pamela Foxluger
“ WE WILL NEVER FORGET YOU, FAMILY CONTINUE TO HOLD ON TO GOD'S UNCHANGING HAND! YOUR ALL IN MY PRAYERS ”
Posted by: TAMMY DOUGLAS
“ we will miss u much!!!!!! ”
Posted by: mark   - fan
“ Born & raised n philly .first hearing Whitney sing knew it was a gift & talent from" GOD"Whitney inspired the world to the utmost width what GOD"... Read More » ”
Posted by: Audrey J Green - philadelphia, PA
“ ...and when Whitney got tired fighting her demons and flesh, God whispered to her soul and gave her everlasting rest. RIP Whitney ”
Posted by: Ginny - Kansas City , MO - Fan
“ One of my most favorite movies, and, Soundtracks, of all time, is, The Bodyguard!!!!! She, truly, had the most beautiful voice, ever!!!! I will,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Kristen Rol
“ You will be missed...God Bless! ”
Posted by: Donna L. McDermott   - Friend
“ May the Lord keep each of you close in His arms is my prayer. To the Mother, God is able, To The Daughter, God is able. To the family God is able. ”
Posted by: Pastor Shirley A. Wingate
“ I feel bad about Whitney Houstons passing...she was a very good singer and I watched her sing for years...she will be missed by so many people..We... Read More » ”
Posted by: Kathy Aquila-Willett   - A Fan
“ whitney walk in our lives with that beautiful voice and with all the love that she shared with us thru her music she will forever be in our hearts i... Read More » ”
Posted by: tracy    - fan
“ Whitney you have brought joy to my life with song.  The LORD may have silenced your voice.  But, it's time for you to rest until the sound of the... Read More » ”
Posted by: Arlegia Evans   - No #1 Fan
“ i always love listen to whitney sing she had a voice like no other ,now we no she is sing for god, he gave her a bueatful voice gone never be... Read More » ”
Posted by: louetta davis   - fan
“ Learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all...rest in eternal peace, Whitney...DJW ”
Posted by: David Walach
“ R.I.P. WHITNEY 88 ”
Posted by: Kimberly Burton   - Fan
“ I grew up listing to with Whitney sense I was a kid . I love her ! She was a great legend and will be missed ”
Posted by: Karen ackom   - Fan
“ You was one of the most talented singers i have ever heard.Your music was wonderfulHeavans gain will be our loss. May you rest in peace My prayers go... Read More » ”
Posted by: joan Brooks   - fan
“ My greatest memory of Ms. Houston is the singing of the "Star Spangled Banner" at the Super Bowl.  I was in the Air Force at the time, and she really... Read More » ”
Posted by: Marlene   - fan
“ REST IN PEACE MY SISTER ”
Posted by: Terry Lawson
“ sorry for your loss ”
Posted by: tracy   - fan
“ when i first seen whitney i though she was the prettist woman i ever seen. her voice was like muscic to my ears.not on that i think she was a great... Read More » ”
Posted by: lisa tate - camden, AR - fan
“ Whitney, you were a beautiful person. R.I.P. Whitney ”
Posted by: Lisa
“ Whitney you made me believe in dreams your voice was simply breath taking you are finally free spread your wings and fly high you will be missed by... Read More » ”
Posted by: Nikita Holmes   - A Fan For Life
“ whitney you will be missed......... ”
Posted by: kathy   - fan
“ I always imgained not sing like Ms. Whitney but follwing in her footsteps....she was a remarkable person and there are so many amazing words to... Read More » ”
Posted by: Casara
“ Love you!  I"LL allway love you ”
Posted by: Theodore Thompson    - fan
“ She was a beautiful person, beautiful in many ways, But at least she is not suffering any more with her drug addiction   she is in heaven with God... Read More » ”
Posted by: Maxine Bicanovsky   - friend
“ May God bless you in the heavens as on earth. I will always love you. Rest in peace. ”
Posted by: Melissa    - Sister
“ My deepest condolences to the entire family of Whitney Houston. Whitney made an impact on many lives with her music. Her life was taken way to soon.... Read More » ”
Posted by: jodi weaver
“ My condolence to the family. God Bless You ”
Posted by: Jessie M Edwards
“ It was with deep sadness that I heard the news of Ms. Houston's death. Two of her songs have always been my "go to" songs when things in my life got... Read More » ”
Posted by: Miriam Lynn Wright
“ She was a beautiful person, beautiful in many ways, But at least she is not suffering any more with her drug addiction   she is in heaven with God... Read More » ”
Posted by: maxine   - Fan
“ Sending all prayers which are only answered by GOD I have went thru this myself a few years with the passing of my wife Actually bobby brown aunt and... Read More » ”
Posted by: roosevelt chambers
“ I remember waking up every morning to the alarm clock tuned to the radio station and Whitney singing "You give good love"..She was and is remarkable.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Denise Snowden   - fan
“ I rememher the first time I heard her voice I was only five trying to sing along with her, The 80's was childhood and Whitney was the singer of my... Read More » ”
Posted by: Gerline Lamarre   - Fan
“ RIP  Whitney!     You were the best vocalist ever!!! ”
Posted by: Chris   - Friend
“ Whitney Houston had the ability to take you through every emotion with her beautiful voice and music. As a Christian woman, she sang the praises of... Read More » ”
Posted by: Steve L Mungarro   - fan
“ Whitney,   You were blessed by GOD to share your magnificent voice with us during your time on earth and I am forever thankful!  Now your time has... Read More » ”
Posted by: Karen
“ My Sincere Condolences to the family and close friends.  Thank you for your gift of a beautiful voice. RIP Whitney....will always love you. ”
Posted by: Michael Angel Flores   - Fan
“ I will always....always....love youuuuuuuuuuuuu Whitney. RIP Whitney. My sincere condolences to the Family and close friends. ”
Posted by: Rosa Amelia Perez   - Fan
“ Gone but never forgotten ”
Posted by: Emille J Williams   - fan
“ So sorry ! ”
Posted by: Margaret Lewis
- fan
“ you should have never died so yough but we werent the ones fighting with your beast were you belong and safe now go onand be happy we all loved you ”
Posted by: cynthia   - fan
“ IT WILL BE DIFFICULT,BUT GOD WILL SEE YOU THROUGH THIS TO.IT IS ONLY A TEST OF YOUR FAITH...BE ENCOURAGE BROWN/HOUSTON FAMILY.JESUS LOVES YOU...I... Read More » ”
Posted by: tuttitucker - lynchburg, VA
“ I REMEMBER GROWING UP TO WHITNEY!! EVERY SATURDAY MORNING WHILE WE DID OUR CHORES MAMA PLAYED WHITNEY HOUSTON!! R.I.P. WHITNEY!!! I LOVE YOU AND YOU... Read More » ”
Posted by: CRYSTAL MONTGOMERY   - FRIEND
“ She was abused by a man.  Went to the dark side, and never came back.  I'm so sorry for her loss. ”
Posted by: Dawn
“ Rest in Peace Dear Whitney ”
Posted by: Linda Brill   - Fan
“ In Loving Memory Of miss Houston i Light This Candle For You. God has A Special Angle In You now In Heaven. We Will Miss You But Never Forget You. ”
Posted by: Roxanne Burkett
- Fan
“ Thank you Whitney for what you gave the world, music for all eternity . . Rest in Peace, Beautiful Soul. ”
Posted by: Glenn Heinrich   - Fan
“ I LOVE YOU WHITNEY...MAY YOU REST IN PEACE...MUCH LOVE ”
Posted by: L.NELUM   - fan
“ There will never be another voice so pure. May you rest in peace. May God give your family and friends comfort in their time of such great loss. The... Read More » ”
Posted by: Brenda   - Fan
“ Whitney, You will be remembered as one of the greatest voices of all time. Rest in Peace. My condolences to all the family. ”
Posted by: Denise Edey   - Fan /  Friend
“ R.I.P ”
Posted by: Sal   - Fan
“ Our deepest sympathy to the Whitney's family on the passing of Whitney gone too soon.  R.I.P Whitney. ”
Posted by: Carol Taylor
“ Whitney will be missed by many.The Dove has flew home. R.I.P ”
Posted by: Karen Sherwood   - I'm truly a fan
“ A Lady from the 80's,a Voice of an Angel.I can hear you now singing with the Angel's,because you now are in Heaven.Rest in Peace.I will never forget... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jackie Robertson   - Fan
“ we  will all ways love you. ”
Posted by: virginia   - fan
“ allways look up to u  will turely be miss may god blss your family ”
Posted by: JOY   - FAN
“ Rest In Peace Whitney- sing with praise in Haeven......and watch over your daughter. You were one of a kind and the Queen of Music, ”
Posted by: Joseph Anastasio   - Fan
“ there never was or will never be another beautiful voice Whitney you will never be forgotten ”
Posted by: Vicki DiFatta   - fan
“ Love and will be missed.prayer to the family. God Bless. ”
Posted by: Marcella Walker    - ido
“ We will always love you!!! ”
Posted by: ILETA ROBERSON   - fan
“ Our deepest sympathy to  Whitney's family on the passing of Whitney gone too soon. R.I.P Whitney. ”
Posted by: Joanne Knock   - Fan.
“ She was so wounderful God gave her something very outstanding to share with us i play all of her songs all the time. We love you, but God love you... Read More » ”
Posted by: Steve Flonnory of York, Pa.
“ Our deepest sympathy to the Whitney's family on the passing of Whitney gone too soon. R.I.P Whitney. ”
Posted by: Joanne Knock   - Fan.
“ you will be missed very much we love you witney. ”
Posted by: michelle   - fan
“ R.I.P Whitney Gone, but never will be forgotten. ”
Posted by: Cynthia Chisolm   - Biggest Fan
“ whitney u were the best r&b artist from my generation i have all ur albums now that light has burned out RIP whitney u will be missed and i will pass... Read More » ”
Posted by: kimberly smalls   - fan
“ The world weill deeply miss you.  May God bless you. ”
Posted by: robert   - Fan
“ I remember when i was little my grandmother an my aunt willie b was at a meeting with sissy wirh rhe eastern star so nippy had to watch so she paint... Read More » ”
Posted by: rena graves - pleadantville, NJ
“ I'm going to miss U. RIP ”
Posted by: Danice   - fan
“ RIP IN PEACE WHITNEY HOUSTON!!! ”
Posted by: Nathaniel Ellis
“ I will always remember you.  Thank you for all your beutiful music,now you can sing to our Lord.  May he bless you and keep you. ”
Posted by: Rose de Jesus   - Fan
“ Whitney will be missed but she will live on through her music and her daughter. ”
Posted by: Hattie Irving
- friend
“ MY HEART GOES OUT TO WHITNEY'S FAMILY, I LOVE WHITNEY, ALL MY FRIENDS HAVE BEEN CALLING ME BCASUE THEY KNOW I LOVE WHITNEY HOUSTON AND THE KNOW I WAS... Read More » ”
Posted by: GLADYS EWING   - SELF
“ I have listen to whitney houston for along time her voice just feel so good . l will always love her Rip Miss Houston you are the best you will b... Read More » ”
Posted by: Danielle Sneed - Louisville, KY
“ thoughts and prayers ”
Posted by: Holli Berry
“ You are safe in the arms of Jesus! Your gift of singing made you a legacy that have left to us all! Praying you mom and daughter ”
Posted by: Tammy Cardoza   - Fan
“ R.I.P. Whitney, Your legacy will live onin many of ours lives.Keep the faith and the Lord will see ya thru. ”
Posted by: Sherry Lowe   - Fan
“ My 1st memory of becoming a fan was when she came out with The Greatest Love Of All. I've been a fan since I will always love Whitney she was a real... Read More » ”
Posted by: Lateefah   - Great Fan
“ God bless her daughter!! ”
Posted by: Marvinia Griffin   - fan
“ She has the most beautiful voice anyone have heard. She will be miss truely by her family,friends,and fans. Only God can judge her for whatever she... Read More » ”
Posted by: jouvana wilson   - fan
“ I will alway love you Whitney, may God have mercy on your soul.  Your voice was one in a million.  God bless your family and hold them close at this... Read More » ”
Posted by: S.Matthew   - Fan
“ To the Huston Family, May God comfort you in this time of sorrow. I will always have whitney in my heart for ever. All that matter is Whitney has a... Read More » ”
Posted by: darlene   - fan friend
“ as everyone else in the world im in shock she was a singing angel that was sent to us for song she was a strong woman to endure the things she did... Read More » ”
Posted by: keven shaffer   - a white lady fan
“ I will always listen and love you're. Music! god bless the family!!!! ”
Posted by: sharonmackey - charlotte, NC
“ Loved her so much. As a young girl I adored Whitney Houston. All the neighborhood, family and friends new it. Her beautiful voice, smile and charisma... Read More » ”
Posted by: whitney   - fan
“ Now you are part of the choir of angels in heaven. You will be missed. ”
Posted by: Magda   - A Fan
“ You will be missed.  Still can't believe that you are gone. God knew what was best for you. Praying for your families strength. Rest in peaces. ”
Posted by: Kim   - Fan
“ God Bless you and your family Whitney.  May you rest in peace... ”
Posted by: Mike Murray - Wichita, KS - Fan
“ Took a professional day. After conference. took a tour in Mendhan where Whitney lived. Got out of my car,asked the guard if Whitney was home. He said... Read More » ”
Posted by: Wendy   - fan
“ OUR QUEEN OF LOVE FOREVER ”
Posted by: Orvella Ridout
“ My husband & I both grew up on Whitney's extraordinary music & we watched her inspire & uplift so many people - including us!  We are both spirited... Read More » ”
Posted by: Veronica McCall & Family
“ Your song bougth alot of joy and happiness into my life. And I will always love you ”
Posted by: MARYTINA   - fan
“ I AM A LONG TIME DEVOTED FAN OF MY DEARLY DEPARTED SISTER WE SHARE THE SAME BIRTHDAY ON AUGUST 09 I AM 42 YRS OLD FROM SOUTH CAROLINA MY HEART IS... Read More » ”
Posted by: RHONDA D PEEBLES
“ May the lord blessed with you and will always remember you and your lovely voice. will be missing all over whole and you leaving from whole family,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Daniel Corral   - FAN
“ The world lost a great woman, with your passing.  You will always remind in our hearts and your music will always keep you with us. ”
Posted by: Arleen Castille   - fan
“ I was so shocked when I heard of Whitneys' death.  I think the movie the Bodyguard was so much about HER, whether intended or not.  I really believe... Read More » ”
Posted by: Pat Smith - Louisville, KY - Fan
“ Bobby k & family sorry for your lost she will b missed. ”
Posted by: tasha   - fan
“ RIP Whitney.  Whitney you are now in god hands.Whitney is safe with god.WE ALL LOVE YOU! ”
Posted by: SADIE JACKSON   - fan
“ REST IN PEACE DEAR WHITNEY. WE WILL MISS YOU. STILL CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE GONE. LOVE YOU!!!! ”
Posted by: byrd family   - grieving fan
“ God Bless You and your Family ”
Posted by: Rhonda   - Friend
“ Your rendition of the Star Spangled Banner still lifts my heart and brings tears to my eyes. You will be missed. ”
Posted by: Free Fulton    - a fan
“ I was Whitney fan.Whitney had many fan all her fan and family will miss her.We all love you Whitney. Whitney you will always be remember buy your... Read More » ”
Posted by: SADIE JACKSON   - fan
“ Whitney rest in peace  !!! ”
Posted by: tony novara
“ Thank you Whitney for your contributions to the world. We all have ups and downs. We all have traveled down a wrong path. We love you anyway. Just as... Read More » ”
Posted by: Yvonne Caesar   - Sister-in-Christ
“ R.I.P Whitney My heart goes out to your family,friends and fans that stuck by you though the ups and downs ”
Posted by: Deana L Jackson   - fan
“ will always love you!!!!!!! ”
Posted by: esmeralda. - orange, CA - fan
“ WHITNEY CAME OUT WHEN I WAS JUST A LITTLE GIRL AND I HAVE FOLLOWED HER SINCE. MY HEART GOES OUT TO HER FAMILY.GOD CALLED HER HOME BECAUSE HE WAS... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tracy   - Fan
“ To the greatest of singers.you will be mised. my prayers are with your family, ”
Posted by: barb
- fan
“ WHEN ALL MY STRENGTH WAS GONE I HEARD THAT SONG I LOOK TO YOU AND IT HELPED ME OVERCOME ANY DRUG ADDICTION THAT HAUNTED.....YOU WILL BE MISSED... Read More » ”
Posted by: ANNETTE JACKSON   - #1 FAN
“ Now amongst His divine presence.. Rest Whitney.. May the peace you sought throughout your life here with us finally be yours with Our Heavenly Father... Read More » ”
Posted by: Maritza
“ I                 My Second Mom ”
Posted by: barb   - niece
“ Houston & Brown Family,  May God give you strength, during this difficult time.  May here memories bring warm, laughter and love to your hearts. ... Read More » ”
Posted by: L. Walton
- Augusta, GA
“ She's one of Gods angels gone to be with her father to watch over us.. Bless her daughter and her famliy in this most trying time...she will be... Read More » ”
Posted by: Temika holmes   - A loving fan...
“ R.I.P. Whitney you will truly be missed but I know you are in a better place now!!! ”
Posted by: mary samples
- jesup, GA - fan
“ "ALL AT ONCE" WHITNEY ELIZABETH HOUSTON AKA "NIPPY" YOU WILL FOREVER BE REMEMBERED. I LOVE YOU & TAKE YOUR REST! ”
Posted by: D'Nippy
“ Remember Howard Hewlitt's song "Amen"--- It's time to say goodbye for now.  Bobbi remember your mom is now an angel watching over you. ”
Posted by: elizabetth love-dean
“ YOU WILL FOREVER BE MISSED MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY, WE WILL MISS YOU RIP WHITNEY NOW ALL YOUR TROUBLES ARE GONE THERE IS NO BETTER... Read More » ”
Posted by: ANNETTE JACKSON - Brandon, FL
“ Her family will be in my prayers.....God Bless you Miss Cissy Houston for blessing us with youre daughter and her beautiful voice fall for so many... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tawanna Coleman
“ i love u whitney u have inspired me and u will always be my rolemodel...R.I.P WHITNEY....EVERY BODY PRAY 4 HER DAUGHTER BOBBI KRISTINA AND FAMILY....... Read More » ”
Posted by: angel roberts   - fan
“ The loss of loved ones can be very devastating, even more so when sudden and unexpected. May the peace of God rest on the hearts, spirits and minds... Read More » ”
Posted by: B. Cheshire   - Fan
“ I will truly miss this beautiful sister. You not only inspired us with your wonderful God given talent but you also share a very loving spirit to... Read More » ”
Posted by: messenger   - sister in Christ
“ r,i,p, whitney houston u will be miss by everyone and all your fans and friends i love u whitney. ”
Posted by: antoinettemercauto - quincy, MA
“ A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN INSIDE AND OUT WITH THE VOICE OF AN ANGEL.  WHITNEY YOU WILL NEVER NEVER BE FORGOTTEN.  YOU COULD ALWAYS SEE IN YOUR EYES AND YOUR... Read More » ”
Posted by: Candace Toth - Ocala, FL - fan
“ you will be forever missed. may you rest peacefully in the after life. may you be an angel in heaven, and know that the world loved you. We will... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tracy Granger
“ So Sad ”
Posted by: Brenda
“ As a long time fan of Whit ney Houston for as long as I can remeber I was in shock to hear that she had passed, but the one thing I knw is that she... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tawanna coleman
“ Im wishing her Family peace.I loved her music.. her videos. I hope her family can rest in peace now. She was very young to die.And that her music... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jeanette E   - FRIEND
“ Whitney you will be missed by everyone! God Bless ”
Posted by: Frances Herrera   - fan
“ You were the greatest singer of all time and you will be greatly missed. ”
Posted by: ramona ryan   - fan
“ beautiful voice and wonderful actress will greatly be miss ”
Posted by: vicky james
- fan
“ Prayers to The Houston Family. Whitney will be truly missed. She was without a doubt one of the "Greatest Voices" of all time. Rest In Peace Whitney.... Read More » ”
Posted by: V. McLean   - Fan
“ to the Houston family, may God bless you on this time of need.  Remember God has ask Whitney to be his song bird.  May the Almighty have mercy on all... Read More » ”
Posted by: kenneth dean
“ whitney houston I love you so much and i will miss you so much you will never be forgotten may you always be in my heart until the end of time ”
Posted by: Chasity   - friend
“ i will like 2 send my prayers 2 the family whitney will truley be missed ”
Posted by: lisa robinson   - friend
“ I grow up in newark nj and end it up in maryland but I loved hearing her sing may god bless her and her family and friends thur this  she will be... Read More » ”
Posted by: mrs star abbott
“ i lov ,'i will always love u' ”
Posted by: ebony   - fan
“ I just want to extend my Heartfelt Sympathy to all of Whitney Houstons family.  Gone too soon.  May you rest in the arms of our Lord and Savior,... Read More » ”
Posted by: Ms. Lynn K. Leonard   - Fan
“ I have never met her in person but i have through her music,movies,I fell in Love with her when i heard her first record I am 61 yrs old and she has... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jerelene Coffee
“ My heart goes out to a beautiful woman who inspired so many woman to become who they are today. Whitney will be loved and missed by all who knew her... Read More » ”
Posted by: rhea robinson   - fan
“ Whitney your life ended way to soon.....you are now with our Heavenly Father you will no longer suffer from your drug addiction you are now free from... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tracy King   - Whitney Huston Fan
“ You were blessed long ago with a gift that made us love you, you style your beauty your heart captured us long ago, you reached for the stars and you... Read More » ”
Posted by: Essie  - Danbury, CT
“ Whitney, will be truly miss on this side but now that she gone i know that she is in a much better place... Rest from your labor my Sister. ”
Posted by: Virginia Jackson   - Big Fan
“ you will truly be miss. ”
Posted by: Deana   - Fan
“ Loved ur songs, awesome person, we have lost a great voice. ”
Posted by: wanda santiago   - fan
“ rest in peace Whitney, now you don't have to worry about all the negative things that people did and said to you and about you. Now you are safe in... Read More » ”
Posted by: Brenda Herbert   - fan
“ The greatest vioce I have ever hear, may her soul rest in peace. ”
Posted by: BETTY
“ Yes Jesus Loves You for the Bible tells me so. You were created for His purpose only God knows the pains we carry deep within. Prayers for your... Read More » ”
Posted by: Tanya   - fan
“ I just remember when I first herd her first single I ran out and got it. RIP. ”
Posted by: cynthia - Aurora, CO - fan
“ I will always love you.  Whitney you will always be a DIVA.  People do not know what others are going through and now all your worries are over.  God... Read More » ”
Posted by: Clarice Eversley - Baltimore, MD
“ I'm gonna miss you Whitney.... I fell in love one night listening to your beautiful voice singing, "I will always love you" Your music will live... Read More » ”
Posted by: Henrietta Cryer - Long time Fan
“ although whiney is a few years younger than me, her music has been part of my life for two decades. Whitney was blessed with a voice of gold.  Will... Read More » ”
Posted by: barbara    - fan
“ may you rest in peace whitney houston, and god bless your family with strenght ”
Posted by: vanessa mackey   - idol
“ The world just lost an angel. ”
Posted by: Jean
“ A majestic void now exist, where you once stood. Rest in peace, sweet sweet peace Whitney my friend. Family may the loving arm's of God engulf all.... Read More » ”
Posted by: martina marcus   - fan
“ The first time I heard her beautiful voice was when her song "Saving All My For You" first came out and I have been a fan ever since. Thank you for... Read More » ”
Posted by: Janice A.   - Fan
“ My heart goes out to Bobbie Christina and Sissy Houston. Your mom and your daughter will resonate throughout our lives for many years to come. The... Read More » ”
Posted by: Susan Ginn   - a  huge fan
“ REST IN HEAVEN WHITNEY ”
Posted by: JADE' REED   - FAN
“ Whitney's music was flawless !!! A gift from God. She will truly be missed by her family and friends.   May she rest in peace.   Much Love. ”
Posted by: Lolita   - fan/friend
“ RIP Whitney I will truly remember you in a special way. ”
Posted by: Connie Crawford
- fan
“ NO MATTER WHAT THEY SAY IF THEY HAVEN'T WALKED IN YOUR SHOES OR THE SHOES OF A ADDICT THEN THEY DON'T NO WHAT IT LIKE NO ONE CAN JUDGE YOU. YOU ARE A... Read More » ”
Posted by: DONNA   - fan
“ DEAREST WHITNEY HOUSTON,  GOD HAS CHOSEN ANOTHER ANGEL TO SIT BY HIS SIDE.. REST IN PEACE,  THE WORLD WILL MISS YOU,  WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU.... Read More » ”
Posted by: ilene
- fan
“ I have followed this artist since the start of career. She seemed very giving. God used her as a vessel to touch millions. Her death was tragic as... Read More » ”
Posted by: brenda nelson - Lauderhill, FL
“ MOTHER’S UNITE   To one Mother to Another,  I can't imagine your pain. It seems so insane.  A mother should never have to bury a child, and... Read More » ”
Posted by: Wanda Williams
“ rest in peace whitney you will never be forgotten ”
Posted by: always your fan   - none
“ I am so sorry for the loss of whitney she was a beautiful person and singer. I have always loved her music and singing. She will be missed and... Read More » ”
Posted by: marles gilson   - friend/fan
“ all  i know is that this exceptional lady-whitney houston- gave me the courage n strentgh thru her songs to press on through really tough times. i... Read More » ”
Posted by: tinacarree   - fan
“ To the Houston Family  May God take Whitney with him were in his house there are many mansion.  Her life was short lived however she spreaded her... Read More » ”
Posted by: Jeanette Wilson - New Brunswick, NJ
“ whitney houston u will be missed i love all your music the best song is i will always love you !!!! ”
Posted by: rebecca thompson   - fan
“ Whitney will always be one of a kind,her music will live on for years to come!Thank god for whitney because I listend to her music threw the years of... Read More » ”
Posted by: Lisa dargin   - fan
“ Whitney was magical and her voice is like no other. She will never be replaced or forgotten. Thanks for the music Ms. Houston. ”
Posted by: Yvonne - Mission Viejo, CA - fan
“ "Thank You Whitney" for being a "Huge" part of my life with your music. You were a Woman I never had the honor of meeting personally, but, I listend... Read More » ”
Posted by: Julie Rhodes   - Huge Fan
“ Rip whitney ”
“ I  miss u n love u whitney houston ”
Posted by: patty - cleveland, OH
“ God has chosen another angel for his choir. May you rest in peace................. ”
Posted by: Sharon Walker
“ I share my love with the family may god bless. john. ”
Posted by: john w. bates   - freindi
“ Hello sorry for the lost I hope wish the best for the family . ”
Posted by: nina fern cardwell   - fan
“ Her song made me feel so good about my self, she was a one of a kind. Know one can touch my heart with their songs like Whitney Houston. God Bless... Read More » ”
Posted by: Sharon Jones - BALTIMORE, MD
“ god bless you..heaven has another angel to sing in God's choir. you are in God's hands now r.i.p. ”
Posted by: donald aissa   - fan
“ We love you Whitney ”
Posted by: Juwanna Booker
“ r.i.p whitney you were a great inspritation to many i l am a young women who loves all ya music n will conti nue to listen to it u ar the queen of... Read More » ”
Posted by: donna   - fan
“ Whitney, You will be missed from the entire earths population, and we will miss your songs.. ”
Posted by: Gustav A Smith   - follower
“ Mrs.Houston, you was one of the greatest singer from late 80's until the time GOD call you home.I know u are at peace,and you r in the comfort of... Read More » ”
Posted by: tamara cole   - a truly fan
“ R.I.P WHITNEY WE WILL MISS YOU ALWAYS IN ARE HEARTS YOUR FANS DANIELLE & DANIEL AGUILAR ”
Posted by: Danielle Aguilar   - Fan
“ My sincere heartfelt sympathy for the Houston family. May the Lord strengthen and encourage you as you're going through this time of bereavemet. Be... Read More » ”
Posted by: Patricia   - Fan
“ Whitney, I love you and may you rest in peace. Your music will never Fade. Rest my sister in peace. We all loved you. ”
Posted by: BarbaraSpencer   - Fan
“ I am beside myself and have been since I was told this horrible news on Saturday evening. I remember attending a show of Whitney's while on the "I'm... Read More » ”
Posted by: Stevie Washington
“ SHE WAS THE VERY BEST & WE LOVED HER FOR HER BEAUTY IN HERSELF, HER WONDERFUL VOICE & HER CHRISIANITY. SHE WAS SO VERY SPECIAL & WE WILL MISS HER... Read More » ”
Posted by: RICK, AMY, JASON & MASON   - FANS
“ I WILL ALWAYS MISS YOU... YOU ARE STILL BEING THE BEST VOICE  IN HEAVEN. REST IN PEACE. MY SWEET WHITNEY. ”
Posted by: DAVID.OROZCO
“ A many of your songs have Blessed and lifed my soul. Rest in Peace. A Fan Forever!!!! ”
Posted by: patrice Butler   - self
“ My thoughts and prayers are truely with everyone who share in this great loss.  She is truely one that shared her awesome gift and will be sorely... Read More » ”
Posted by: Helen Sanders - St. Louis, MO
“ Your songs put more romance in my husband and my love for each other.  No one will ever have the beautiful voice you had.  God bless. ”
Posted by: Wauline   - fan/admirer
“ WE ARE SICK OVER WHITNEY'S DEATH WAY TO SOON BUT SHE GAVE US HER ALL, WE LOVED HER & HER TALENT.ARE HEARTS TO OUT TO HER DAUGHTER. WE KNOW SHE WAS... Read More » ”
Posted by: JOHN,JANE ROBITZSCH - MACON, GA
“ my best memories of our beloved and fallen angel was when i went to see her first film the bodyguard how i was so mesmerized by her beauty and the... Read More » ”
Posted by: ERIC PADILLA - FARROCKAWAY, NY
“ Whitney will forever be an inspiration to me through her angel voice from God. I'm honored to know she lives with my 18 yr. old daughter in Heaven.... Read More » ”
Posted by: Peggy Rozell    - Forever A Fan
“ So sorry for your lost.  Prayers for Bobbi Kristina and Cissy. ”
Posted by: Ida
“ My prayers to Houston family and Whitney's death. Whitney will always be a musical icon in my liftime God will accept her in his Kingdom. She is... Read More » ”
Posted by: Kenneth williams - Troy, NY
“ Ur songs touched me so much.they helped me grow into the woman I am today thank u so much for ur music.I will always be a fan of yours.R.I.P. Whitney... Read More » ”
Posted by: stephanie tolver   - true fan
“ I Will Always Love You. Gonna miss that voice. ”
Posted by: Keisha L Robinson   - Fan
“ whitney will be missed .. R.I.P ”
Posted by: rita zampieri
