VIDEO: Reflecting on an icon
Ehrlich said he had been on the phone with Grammy host LL Cool J several times since the news of Houston's death broke Saturday evening.
"He's trying to see what exactly he'll say, but I'm glad he's able to do so," Ehrlich said.
Houston's death came hours before she was scheduled to appear at an annual pre-Grammy party that introduced her to the industry decades ago and was expected to honor the six-time Grammy winner.
At that party, Sean Combs recalled sitting beside her at a BET Awards ceremony.
"She was there for a good time," he said. "She always hit you with that beautiful smile. She gave you that grandma hug that shook your body. … She was not a hater, she was a congratulator. To hear her sing was like listening to magic."
Her family issued a statement: "We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Whitney. This is an unimaginable tragedy and we will miss her terribly. We appreciate the outpouring of love and support from her fans and friends."
Today, at the Newark church where Houston once sang in the junior choir, and her mother, Grammy-award winning gospel singer Cissy Houston , had led the musical program, congregants mourned at a members-only service.
New Hope Baptist Church pastor Joe Carter asked reporters to respect the Houston family's privacy.
"The family shared Whitney with the world, but Whitney was a mother, a daughter, and a sister, and that's the focus we want to keep in front of everyone today. We ask that in this time of grief, you respect their privacy," Carter said.
A few sympathy cards were tied to a fence post at the church, including one addressed "to the greatest songstress ever." Next to it, a small bouquet of fresh flowers fluttered softly in the brisk morning air.
Some of Houston's fans went to the church as a way of dealing with their grief. Among them was Charice Crawford, a 34-year-old Irvington resident who said the singer's music became the soundtrack to her life.
"This is where I needed to be this morning," said Crawford, who does not belong to the church. "I understand why I couldn't attend the service, but being here helps ease the grief of her passing."
In a statement issued late Saturday night, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called the singer "a true New Jersey treasure" who died too soon.
"Her terribly premature death is an awful loss for her family and the incredible New Jersey musical family," he said. "Her soaring talent put her in the pantheon of great New Jersey musical talents like Frank Sinatra , Count Basie and Bruce Springsteen . Our prayers are with her family."
As fans turned to social media to share their grief, Questlove of the Roots, the house band on Jimmy Fallon's TV show, simply recited her accomplishments by the numbers on Twitter: "415 Awards, 2 Emmys, 6 Grammys, 22 American Music Awards, 30 Billboard Awards & sold 300,000,000 Albums."
Singer Mariah Carey called Houston's voice "one of the greatest to ever grace the earth."  TV personality Star Jones tweeted, "God's choir just welcomed home one of the angels." Singer Rihanna's tweet: "No words! Just tears."
Dolly Parton , who wrote what would become Houston's signature song, I Will Always Love You , issued a statement saying: "Mine is only one of the millions of hearts broken over the death of Whitney Houston. I will always be grateful and in awe of the wonderful performance she did on my song."
Radio stations across the country played Houston's music almost non-stop. SiriusXM Radio launched a "Whitney Houston Tribute Channel" devoted to her music Sunday afternoon on channel 48.
The 48-year-old Houston had been making the rounds in the days before the Grammy gala, appearing at rehearsals and offering advice to singers Monica and Brandy. On Thursday, she appeared with fellow singer Kelly Price on stage at a Hollywood club, where she sang the hymn Jesus Loves Me to loud cheers.
With Houston's daughter Bobbi Kristina in the audience, the women shared a long hug and talked about their lives and families throughout the night, Price recalled Saturday. Houston spent hours standing on the side of the stage at the event honoring R&B music, then joined partygoers on the dance floor, she said. "Whitney on Thursday night was one of the girls."
"She was happy," Price said. "She was the Whitney I always knew."
Houston's ex-husband, soul singer Bobby Brown , performed Saturday night as part of the New Edition reunion tour just hours after learning of her death.
"First of all, I want to tell you that I love you all," he told fans at a nearly sold-out 7,500-seat venue in Southaven, Miss. "Second, I would like to say, 'I love you, Whitney.' The hardest thing for me to do is to come on this stage."
He performed about 10 songs over more than hour before he suddenly appeared overcome with emotion as the concert wound down, wiping his face with his vest as the group prepared to sing a ballad. When the song began, he joined in, but his voice cracked. He then waved to the fans and walked offstage. The show ended shortly afterward.
CNN reported that Brown would skip the group's Sunday night performance in Nashville.
Houston and Brown had a tumultuous 15-year marriage that ended in 2007. In 1993, they had their daughter. Ten years later, police responded to a domestic violence call from Houston about Brown. Police found her with a cut lip and bruised cheek.
She was in and out of drug rehabilitation during the mid-2000s, and appeared to hit a low point with her unsteady appearances in the 2005 reality TV show Being Bobby Brown . She filed for legal separation the following year and the couple divorced in 2007.
Houston struggled for years with addiction to cocaine, marijuana and pills, and the years of hard living took a toll on her once-pristine voice.
Despite more than a decade of problems, including her divorce and instances of erratic behavior, Houston was working toward a potential comeback. She had just completed work on a remake of the film Sparkle, a project she'd worked to develop for years.
Yet some speculated that she was under the influence after the Thursday club appearance, when paparazzi snapped photos of Houston leaving and looking disheveled. Price called the rumors "totally untrue."
There was a family feel to the gathering, she said: "Our kids were there."
Price said she and Houston were planning another reunion, and that she was set to appear at the pre-Grammy gala thrown by her longtime mentor, Clive Davis , on Saturday night. The party which went on as planned, Davis explained, because she would have wanted it that way. It took place in the hotel where her body was being examined by coroner's officials.
"I am personally devastated by the loss of someone who has meant so much to me," Davis said. "She was full of life, looking forward for tonight. She loved music and she loved this night that celebrated music."
Officials have released few details about how Houston was found or what killed her. A member of her entourage found the singer and alerted hotel security and paramedics already on site for Davis' gala. They failed to revive the singer.
Coroner's officials have not yet said when an autopsy will occur. Any cause-of-death determination would await results of toxicology tests.
In the hours after Houston's death, fans chose to remember the singer in better times, when her soaring voice introduced a new generation to the Dolly Parton song I Will Love You and propelled the film The Bodyguard into blockbuster status.
Her songs and albums quickly became top-sellers on iTunes, and fans and celebrities alike shared remembrances and accounts of impromptu memorials on the social networking site Twitter. Price said her friend would want to be remembered as God-fearing and a good mother, rather than simply a singer. She said she and Houston often discussed parenting and issues unrelated to their musical careers.
She recalled her last night with Houston, the words they shared before Houston delivered what would be her final performance.
"I never ever imagined I'd be talking about her because she's not here," Price said.
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
USA TODAY is now using Facebook Comments on our stories and blog posts to provide an enhanced user experience. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then "Add" your comment. To report spam or abuse, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find out more, read the FAQ and Conversation Guidelines . 
 
