Biography
Within the length of 27 years, Whitney Houston grew to become an worldwide celebrity within the entertainment industry's of both music and movies, gathering global album sales well over 120 million copies alone, along with a film box office total well over one half billion dollars.  Through her mother, R&B/gospel singer Cissy Houston, and her legendary cousin Dionne Warwick, Whitney was uncovered to music since birth. As part of the brand new Hope Baptist Junior Choir in Newark, NJ, Whitney progressed into a soloist by age 11. Cissy Houston's career assisted provide Whitney with invaluable vocal training. Whitney was singing backup for artists like Chaka Khan and Lou Rawls during her mid-teens, frequently showing up with Cissy in concert and native New You are able to clubs.  While she also started going after work in modeling (occupying the coverage of magazines for example Glamour and 17), her musical ambitions received a lift when she teamed with singer Teddy Pendergrass for … [Read More...]
Facts and Figures
Title: Whitney Elizabeth Houston  August 9, 1963 - Feb 11, 2012  Host to Birth: Newark, Nj  Height: 5' 8"  Brothers and sisters and brothers and sisters: Gary Garland Houston and Michael Houston  Favorite Color: Lavender  Favorite Cereal: Fruity Pebbles  Favorite Chore: Cleaning  Favorite Subject: History  Favorite Actress: Jessica Lange  Favorite Actor: Robert P Niro  Favorite restaurant within their town, Mendham, N.J.: China Gourmet  - Whitney's daughter, Bobbi Kristina, was created on March 4, 1993.  - Whitney was married relating to this summer season 18, 1992 to singer Bobby Brown. She declared divorce in October 2006, along with the divorce was completed April 2007. Whitney was granted custody of the children from the children in the kids of Bobbi Kristina, while Brown was given visitation rights privileges rights privileges.  - Whitney's middle title is her grandmother's title.  - Whitney was named undertaking a personality round the 1960's U.S. … [Read More...]
Early Work
Right before the debut of Whitney Houston's first album in 1985, Whitney is a popular teen fashion model who frequently arrived on the scene in gossip posts including 17, Glamour and Madamoiselle. Whitney also arrived on the scene in guides advertisements for items including Max Factor makeup and Scope mouth wash. She sang jingles for Steak & Ale restaurants additionally to arrived on the scene within the television commercial for Canada Dry ginger root root root ale.  At the beginning of her career, Whitney came out on such television shows as "Silver Spoons," "Gimme A RestInch and "The Merv Griffin Show." Whitney also auditioned to do something as daughter Denise on "The Cosby Show" and was asked for to sign a contract and study with Mr. Cosby. However, the show's casting director mentioned that Whitney backed in the offer because the role may have prevented her from pursuing an entire-time music career.  Whitney Houston's first recorded solos were "Life's An EventInch for … [Read More...]
BUY IT NOW ON AMAZON
Whitney Houston The Greatest Hits, buy it now on Amazon
Recent Discussions
