Wednesday, September 14, 2011 Posted by: Christine
MOVIE NEWS: TYLER PERRY NAMED HIGHEST PAID MAN IN ENTERTAINMENT / WHITNEY HOUSTON TO POSSIBLY STAR IN ‘SPARKLE’ REMAKE
After years of giving us sequels about family and Madea Mable’s run-in with the law and television shows like Meet the Browns & House of Payne, Tyler Perry has been named the highest paid man in the entertainment industry:
Forbes magazine has put out a new report of “The Highest Paid-Men in Entertainment” and Tyler is number one! From May 2010 to May 2011, Tyler reportedly earned $130 million. Tyler spent the year releasing Madea’s Big Happy Family and Why Did I Get Married Too which earned $53.3 million and $60 million respectively. [ Source ]
Perry beat second place holder, movie producer, Jerry Bruckheimer who earned $113 million. Steven Spielberg came in third place making $107 million. Congrats to Mr. Perry!
—————
WHITNEY HOUSTON IN TALKS ABOUT JOINING ‘SPARKLE’ REMAKE CAST
According to reports, singer Whitney Houston may be heading back to the big screen! After rumors of Houston joining fellow singer, Jordin Sparks and Mike Epps in the remake of the 1976 film, Sparkle, it has been confirmed by The Hollywood Reporter that the 48 year-old actress is currently in talks about joining the film’s cast:
Whitney Houston, making her first return to movies since 1996’s The Preacher’s Wife, is in negotiations to star in Sparkle, Sony Pictures remake of the 1976 music-themed drama. American Idol winner Jordin Sparks and actor Mike Epps also are set to star.
The original Sparkle was inspired by the story of the Supremes, and centered on the three Williams sisters, who begin singing in their church choir in Harlem in the late 1950s and become a successful girl group. Their sudden rise unravels their personal lives.
Sparks will play the title character, the talented member of the group while Houston will play her not-so encouraging mother. Epps will be Satin, a stand-up comedian who marries one of the sisters and gets her hooked on drugs. [ Source ]
This version of the music-themed film was written by former Girlfriends producer, Mara Brock Akil, with her husband Salim Akil directing. They both produce & direct BET’s The Game as well. Debra Martin Chase, TD Jakes and Curtis Wallace are said to also be involved with the production of the film.
If Whitney jumps on then this will probably be the second film that she could potentially star in. The sequel to Waiting to Exhale would be the other one! ( SEE PREVIOUS POST )
About Christine
