Tell Us What You Think
5
Welcome, . You are signed in with your Facebook account. Click here to sign out.
Comment by signing in with or creating your Facebook account by clicking below.
Add a comment...
February 28, 2012 - 9:07am Keith Smalls
It's amazes me how some people can praise you for doing well and when the curtains are down we as a so called civilized society seem to want to keep them down.  Whitney Houston was brave to tell the truth about her substance abuse issues.  It took a lot of courage to do so in a society such as ours, even if she wasn't aware of her bravery.  We as a nation are so celebrity driven at times we really don't think of these entertainers as people and some of them do have baggage like the rest of us.  And then we start to throw stones because they are flawed.  Those without sin please cast the first stone.  Someone in the place where I work said she had it all and then went to using drugs.  And I said oh really, how do you know.  One of my favorite songs Whitney recorded was "Didn't We Almost Have It All".  Huh!
February 24, 2012 - 11:02pm Teresa Silverlight
whitney houston had and still has one of the most incredible voices in our lifetimes. Her immense ability to feel and connect with people and music shows an extraordinary sensitivity.  The singers coming up today and on the scene cannot come close to her compassion, her stellar recording voice. The people who failed were her handlers; They were enablers; Someone with her voice for example should own a piece of every song she recorded, as a producer, as a publisher,; it will be interesting to see who else owned part of her catalog. Whoever handled her business was careless, stupid, or greedy and probably owns a part of whitney's catalog. Her handlers did not empower her; They kept her weak and addicted. May she rest in peace; her voice is timeless; everyone should be appreciative for getting to hear her sing, and stop judging her.
February 24, 2012 - 7:44pm Ruththella White
Whitney Houston lived a public life. Her successes and her failures taught us how to and how not to live.  Without darkness there can be no light. If we have not experienced the darkness of sorrow, how can we truly appreciate joy? Whitney had a dark side, as do we all. She didnâ??t try to hide it and was honest about her demons, without blaming others for the choices she made. Was that side exploited by others for their benefit? Yes! Does her addiction warrant the abusive and self-serving rhetoric about her character or negate her contribution to our world? No! We all have the capacity to be addicts. When psychological pain and insecurity become overwhelming there are those who will become addicts. They die in obscurity every day. Yet no one dies in vain and I am absolutely sure that Whitneyâ??s death will save lives. This past week we celebrated the light in Whitney. We were transported by her voice and by the pure joy she radiated when she sang. Her music often lifted us out of the despair of lost love or self-esteem. That is what Whitney brought to the lives of those that mourn her passing. A beautiful light has passed from our world. We loved her with all her faults that is what unconditional love is about.
February 24, 2012 - 1:36pm Beverly Beverley
Shut up you poor jealous cunt, what example have you set for anyone, just poor and stupid. I know you have had perfect behavior your entire life "right"
February 24, 2012 - 12:22pm Karen Stine
that was a gift???? how can you say that??? her bad behavior out weighed every thing else & she made millions for that & young people got a very bad example!!!!!!!
Top Stories
