April 30th, 2012 | 5:47 pm
Bobby Brown Says Whitney Houston Was On Drugs Long Before They Met
by Bené Viera
Sometime bad boy Bobby Brown is hurt by the accusations that he led Whitney Houston down the wayward path of drug use. Brown sat down with Today’s Matt Lauer for his first interview since Whitney’s death, airing in two parts beginning on Wednesday (April 2). For seven years, Brown says he has been clean of any narcotics (good for you, B!), and he hoped his ex-wife of 15 years was on a similar path of sobriety. He tells Lauer that when he saw his Houston a week before she passed, “[She] had this glow about her that was just, you know, incredible. I’m saying to myself, you know, ‘She must be … she must be doing really well,’ because she looked really well,” reports TodayEntertainment . When the 43-year-old R&B singer was asked about how he feels about all the people who blame him for Houston’s addiction, he said, “It makes me feel terrible. But you know, I know differently. I think if anyone ever knew us, if anybody ever spent time around us instead of time lookin’ through the bubble, they would know how we felt about each other. They would know how happy we were together.”
Fortunately for the pair, their wake-up call came after viewing their disastrous short-lived reality show Being Bobby Brown. In Houston’s 2009 interview with Oprah, Houston alluded to only doing the show for her then-husband, so he could have something of his own. Following in the shadows of The Voice was no easy feat. According to Brown, after the couple finally saw the show, they realized how detrimental the drugs were to their relationship. “We looked at the bubble and saw ourselves. We was able to see what other people were saying about us, you know? We was able to see that our drug use had affected our relationship, had affected the love that we felt for each other.”
In the most revealing portion of the interview Brown sets the record straight saying Houston was into drugs long before they ever met. And it seems like he may be inferring that she actually introduced him to drugs. “I didn’t get high [on narcotics] before I met Whitney,” Brown said. “I smoked weed, I drank the beer, but no, I wasn’t the one that got Whitney on drugs at all.” He says drugs were a part of the singer’s life “way before” they got together.
With everyone taking Houston’s death as an opportunity to pontificate on what did or didn’t happen, we’re not sure how any of this will be beneficial to the person affected most, Bobby Kristina. In the same sense we don’t blame Brown for wanting to clear his name. For years, he has been deemed the culprit for all that was wrong with the American girl-next-door pop princess. Maybe after the interview airs people will accept that Houston was a grown woman that made her own decisions, whether good or bad.
[Photo: NBC]
