Nancy Pelosi to seniors group: We will preserve Medicare
While Republicans were getting bashed Tuesday in their home districts for threatening Medicare, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was in full pander bear mode to seniors in her home district Tuesday afternoon. Just heard The Min Leader tell the Aging in America convention here in SF that "many of the core initiatives for America's seniors are in jeopardy." As in: The Republican budget proposal, the Min Leader said, which "ends Medicare as we know it. It makes the wrong choices," she said, "while it gives big tax breaks to big oil." Seniors would have to pay roughly $6,000 a year more if  ...
jarmilka - in poll Nancy Pelosi
Pelosi Says Republicans Were Slow on Jobs
Speaker Nancy Pelosi is firing back at House Republican leaders, saying they were slow to take interest in legislation to create jobs. The Republicans on Wednesday demanded an open forum on the jobs issue, months after House Democrats approved a $154 billion package with not a single Republican vote in favor of it.“In her most recent meeting with Leader Boehner earlier this month, the speaker raised the subject of jobs but did not receive a positive response,” said Brendan Daly, a spokesman for Ms. Pelosi. “The speaker welcomes the change in the Republican leadership and  ...
cici - in poll Nancy Pelosi
Pelosi's monumental abuse of military aircraft privileges
Doug Ross has been on this story and broke some news yesterday about the millions of dollars - that's right, millions - that Speaker Nancy Pelosi has rung up in travel using military aircraft.Now we learn from Doug that it appears Pelosi is using military jets to facilitate the personal travel of her children and grandchildren. No member of congress involved, just the junketing of her kids:Since Nancy Pelosi took over as Speaker in 2006, she's rung up millions in military travel expensesWorse still, she also appears to have requisitioned entire flights for the personal use of her children and  ...
cici - in poll Nancy Pelosi
[TOP 4]
Americans Reject GOP’s Tax Cuts for Wealthy as July 1st Looms for Middle Class
This Congress, House Republicans have made their top priority clear: protecting tax cuts for the wealthiest.  But another poll out today resoundingly shows that the GOP’s top priority is not that of the American people: 26 percent of Americans support … Continue reading →
Speaker Boehner Puts Politics Before Victims of Domestic Violence. Again.
Last month, House Republicans chose to play politics with victims of domestic violence and pass a weakened, GOP version of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) that limits protections for certain classes of individuals instead of a bipartisan, Senate-passed version.  … Continue reading →
House Republican Floor ‘Update’: Keep Running Out Clock on Economy
The clock is ticking.  Without House Republican action before July 1st, construction workers will find themselves without work and the safety of our roads and bridges will hang in the balance.  Not to mention that students will be forced to … Continue reading →
VIDEO: Pass The Transportation Bill. #ThereAreTheJobs
This morning, Speaker Boehner released a video attempting to pin blame on President Obama and Democrats for the Congressional Republicans’ failure to act on job-creation legislation. Speaker Boehner’s video is an attempt to mask the fact that the House GOP … Continue reading →
