December 6, 2011 RSS Feed Print
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi  wants the world to believe she knows something about former House Speaker Newt  Gingrich that could prove damaging to his presidential ambitions.
"One of these days we'll have a  conversation about Newt Gingrich," Pelosi told Talking Points  Memo . "I know a lot about him. I served on the investigative  committee that  investigated him, four of us locked in a room in an undisclosed   location for a year. A thousand pages of his stuff."
It is highly unlikely that she would  have anything new to say. Much  if not all of the information is already public  record. And, as the GOP  frontrunner's campaign was quick to remind people  Monday,
In  1999, after a 3 ½ year investigation, the Internal Revenue Service   (under President Bill Clinton, nonetheless) concluded that Gingrich did  not  violate any tax laws, leading renowned CNN Investigative Reporter  Brooks  Jackson to remark on air "it turns out [Gingrich] was right and  those who  accused him of tax fraud were wrong."
[Read the U.S. News debate on whether Newt Gingrich can beat Barack Obama.]
What Pelosi is doing is a classic case  of misdirection that began after it was revealed on 60 Minutes that she has  some things of her own to answer for. As the San  Francisco Examiner editorialized recently,
Democrat Nancy Pelosi and her  husband cashed  in big time by getting special access to an initial public  offering of  Visa stock even as the House under her leadership refused to move   important credit card industry reforms.
The mere idea that Pelosi and others—Democrats and Republicans  alike—may have realized financial gains through  what in the private  sector is called "insider trading" has set off a firestorm  of  complaints among the American electorate that threatens to take  Congress's approval  rating down to zero.
[Read Brad Bannon on why Americans think politics is corrupt.]
One wonders what she might have to say  that would be new. But, by  attacking Gingrich by disclosing supposedly  heretofore secret  information, Pelosi would certainly change the subject, at  least for a  day or two. Never mind that, as his campaign said in a release,
Politically motivated ethics charges were filed against Newt when he was   Speaker of the House regarding the use of tax exempt funds for a  college course  he taught titled 'Renewing American Civilization.'  83  of the 84 were found to be without merit...the remaining  charge had to do with contradictory documents prepared  by Newt's lawyer  supplied during the course of the investigation. Newt took  responsibility for the error and  agreed to reimburse the committee the  cost of the investigation into that  discrepancy. The agreement  specifically  noted the payment was not a fine.
What Pelosi suggests she may do may  also be an abuse of the  congressional ethics process; Gingrich has certainly  said as much. But  it is undeniably a convenient way to take attention off what  she and  her husband might have done. To be fair, Pelosi denies any wrongdoing   and the idea that members of Congress cannot trade on information they  learn in  the course of their official business is at least a gray area.  It is not, for  the moment at least, explicitly prohibited although  legislation is moving  quickly that would make it illegal, legislation  the San Francisco Democrat now  supports. Nevertheless it is nasty can  of worms that is not going to go away  quickly.
