Obama gives Nancy Pelosi’s brother-in-law $737 million dollar loan for “green energy”
September 29, 2011
By PoliPundit
This is why Obama wants to raise your taxes.
14 Responses to Obama gives Nancy Pelosi’s brother-in-law $737 million dollar loan for “green energy”
Steve on September 30, 2011 at 5:51 am
Crony corruption in liberal laa-laa land …what else is new???
The so-called “green energy” is failing …whate else is new???
Liberal-progressives defending idiocy …what else is new???
Steve on September 30, 2011 at 6:03 am
Say, how is that embarrassing Solyndra
debacle working out for you liberal progressive ideological zealots?  Any way you kooks can polish that turd?
“…a new Congressional report says warnings about Solyndra’s competitive abilities came out before the government awarded the company a $535 million loan guarantee and the company’s subsequent collapse.”
Nope!! …probably not
So not only is your boy 0bama proving that your precious liberal progressive ideology is an absolute failure, but now he is also killing off the American people’s desire to pursue “green energy”.  Seriously — Why do you fools keep supporting this dupe, when all he does is destroy everything you hold precious?
Oh right  …that willful ignorance thingy again.
Tsk tsk tsk…
Reply
MikeyW on September 30, 2011 at 6:16 pm
- “Say, how is that embarrassing Solyndra  debacle working out for you liberal progressive ideological zealots?” – Dunno, did you guys find that $8.5B in cash that your hero Bush lost in Iraq?  No, you didn’t did you?  You embarassed about that?  Wingnut math – you don’t even blink about losing $8.5B, but get all upset over a $500M investment  that didn’t pan out – or maybe it’s just your ODS flaring up?
- “Seriously — Why do you fools keep supporting this dupe, when all he does is destroy everything you hold precious?” – Hehe – and I bet you voted for GWB…twice.
Steve on September 30, 2011 at 7:54 pm
that might have been a good non sequitur…
…especially if the Bush admin gave orders to squander away money…
oh, but wait — he didn’t to that, did he?
But your boy 0bama DID knowingly piss away billions on corrupt deals.
…How’s that 1 TRILLION in liberal porkulus working out again?  Oh right.  It’s not.
You blind hypocrite.  I’ve said it again & again and you just keep proving me right.
…your BDS prevents you from saying one bad thing about 0bama (even when he’s the one responsible for destroying everything you hold dear).  Your BDS idiocy has blinded you beyond any reasonable thought – and you cannot be taken seriously.
Good luck with that, idiot.
MikeyW on October 1, 2011 at 12:15 am
- “…especially if the Bush admin gave orders to squander away money…
oh, but wait — he didn’t to that, did he?” – That’s right – the buck stops…somewhere else!  The Army has pallets with $8B in cash, just lying around everywhere.  You believe that?  You believe the White House didn’t ok the release of $8.5B in cash?  Of course, you do – since it happened before Jan 20, 2009.  After that date, everything is the White House’s fault, right?   Looks like there’s no cure for your case of ODS.
- “But your boy 0bama DID knowingly piss away billions on corrupt deals.” – Of course, he did!  It wouldn’t be ODS if he didn’t right?
- “How’s that 1 TRILLION in liberal porkulus working out again? Oh right. It’s not.” – Actually, it’s working out pretty well – Construction on the 405 where I live is moving right along.  Why don’t you ask Perry, since it helped him create all those jobs and balance his budget last year.  Or Bobby J., as he likes posing beside all those giant plastic checks representing stimulus money going in for projects in his state.  Or TPaw.  All those republican governors ballancing their books off Obama’s stimulus must really gall you, huh?  ODS is a terrible thing.  And half of the stimulus was tax cuts – what did you do with yours?
- “…your BDS prevents you from saying one bad thing about 0bama (even when he’s the one responsible for destroying everything you hold dear).” – ACA, DADT repealed, new START Treaty, OBL dead, a whole mess of Al Queda leaders killed today, $20B in payments to the victims of the BP spill last yr, saved the Stock Market, turned a $26B profit out of TARP, college aid reform, finance reform, Qaddafi gone, geez dude, Obama did all this in two yrs.  OK, so he didn’t kill the Patriot Act, and he tries too hard to work with republicans – so there, I did say something negative about Obama.  But he has accomplished a lot.
- “Your BDS idiocy has blinded you beyond any reasonable thought – and you cannot be taken seriously.” – BDS?  I actually have enough respect for the man that I don’t mangle his last name.  He dropped the ball on a lot of stuff, so it’s funny that you’ll give him a pass, but blame Obama for everything.  Honestly, would you cut Obama any slack if 9/11 happened on his watch?  Would you cut Obama slack if he had let OBL get away at Tora Bora?  Would you let Obama get away with TARP?  Would you let Obama get away with Katrina?  Just listen to you rail away about $500M lost to Solyndra (even though the deal was originally structured by the Bush Administration in 2008), but give Bush a pass for losing $8.5B in cash in Iraq.  You need to seriously check yourself – you have the worst case of ODS and selective memory in history.   Yet all someone has to do is mention that Bush was president, and it’s cries of BDS.  But you’re the only one messing up a president’s name, and using derrogatory language.
Steve on October 1, 2011 at 6:31 am
…blah blah blah blah
You claim you don’t have BDS, yet you compare a military transport “accident”, to your boy 0bama’s WILLFUL choice to flush billions away in known mathematical failures (even when the dept. of energy predicted EXACTLY when Solyndra would go bankrupt).  They said back then that Solyndra would go bankrupt in Sept-2011, yet you fools knowingly pissed away taxpayer money on it anyway.  Guess when it went bankrupt, you silly dupe??
You clowns flush over well over a Trillion down the crapper on knowingly failed stupidity, jack up the debt to almost 15 TRILLION, with willful intent, and you want to compare that to some transport accident in the middle of a war and blame Bush in a pathetic attempt to cover your boy 0bama’s massive failures??
Yes, moron, you’re a hypocrite with BDS that has blinded you to reality.
You’re also NOT a qualified “engineer” if you cannot see the FAILED math of Ethanol, and other mathematical losers, which you idiots keep wasting billions upon.  A qualified engineer would see the math for what it is and keep looking for other green opportunities.  Buy you KOOKS subsidies known failures
You blind hypocrite. I’ve said it again & again and you just keep proving me right.
…your BDS prevents you from saying one bad thing about 0bama (even when he’s the one responsible for destroying everything you hold dear). And we DO slam Bush for his Rino failures on this blog (and you KNOW IT).  You’re just too willfully ignorant to admit it because you NEVER do the same for the inept 0bama, even when he’s screwing the pooch on your insane liberal ideologies
You blind hypocrite. …you simply cannot be taken seriously.
Steve on October 3, 2011 at 10:58 am
::::::::::::::crickets::::::::::::::
