She needs to retire.
BatBoy
Since everything that was done by the Liberals during the past 2 1/2 years did not work….the only thing they could propose now that would work is what the Republicans are proposing…
It is a heck of a position to be in!  But they did it to themselves.
As we told our kids….your actions have consequences !
Emma
Where are the jobs, Speaker Bonehead?
Big Eddie
Former Obama supporter boiled down Obama’s legacy to 4 words :
HE MADE IT WORSE .
“Two years ago I wrote of Clare Booth Luce’s observation that all presidents have a sentence: “He fought to hold the union together and end slavery.” “He brought America through economic collapse and a world war.” You didn’t have to be told it was Lincoln, or FDR. I said that Mr. Obama didn’t understand his sentence. But Republicans now think they know it.
Four words: He made it worse.
Obama inherited financial collapse, deficits and debt. He inherited a broken political culture. These things weren’t his fault. But through his decisions, he made them all worse. ”
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702303745304576361852357390230.html?mod=WSJ_Opinion_BelowLEFTSecond
Barack Must Go
Nothing will change until us ” real ” Americans throw that deadbeat bum Obama out. Not ubtil that time can we expect this country to turn around from a giant wasteland ( ghetto ) know as Obama’s amerika, back to it’s rightful place and standing in the world as the United States of America once more.
Liberal Tormentor
Pelosi seemed somewhat surprised by Schieffer’s agitation
As any Lib would be, when actually asked a tough question by the fawning liberal media.
paul1149
What a joke. This is the woman who promised no more deficit spending – and the most transparent congress in history; the woman who rammed through obamacare, then gave away the single highest number of exemptions to it of any congressman. Why on earth would anyone believe a single thing out of her mouth? Unfortunately, we can’t count on San Francisco doing the right thing.
http://www.snowspot.net Snowspot
Uhh.. maybe she’s confused because
REPUBLICANS ARE RUNNING THE HOUSE…
She’s not even speaker anymore… I can’t even understand what you guys are talking about.
Girth
Emma said:
Where are the jobs, Speaker Bonehead?
Sorry, you really need to educate yourself as you are obviously wrong and will accept anything. This makes you a rube.
LOGICandREASON
Bob Schieffer seems to have run out of the Obama cool aid in his refrigerator; I bet he is now taking the “truth” medication.
RockingChair
Matt Schneider, biased much? Holy hell.
Liberal Tormentor
Why haven’t your drained Little Dickie from the swamp, Nance?
OxyCon
Boehner is trying to clean up the mess he inherited from Nancy Pelotox.
ChiliPeppersFan
W.I.S.C said:
She needs to retire.
absolutely.  she was good, as in getting things through the house, but now she is becoming more of an embarrassment.  the only thing she can do now is be abrasive and attack the other side.
the other side, of course, deserves it because boener did everything but work on creating opportunities for employment..
MrTPar_taY
Watch out, now that Pelosi and the FCC are controlling the airwaves they’ve developed specially tailored broadcasts for each and every one of us. Gotta be right? How else is it that we all woke up one day to hear the Chinese own all of our debt? Did anybody see that coming?
MrTPar_taY
Gotta admit, for an old broad Nancy’s still pretty hot.
http://www.perceptionasreality.blogspot.com/ skoorbekim
Pelosi’s last statement is a lie… she has and is supporting legislation that cuts Medicare…
http://www.perceptionasreality.blogspot.com/ skoorbekim
absolutely. she was good, as in getting things through the house,
the easiest thing is politics is to spend $$$… and that is what she did, spent $$$…
Moderate
Pelosi seemed somewhat surprised by Schieffer’s agitation
As any Lib would be, when actually asked a tough question by the fawning liberal media.
Darn! You beat me to that comment, anyway, I totally agree.
notsofast
US house price fall ‘beats Great Depression slide’
By Stephen Foley
Wednesday, 1 June 2011
Yeah, Nancy, all the bad news is just an “anomaly.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said Sunday that deficit reduction talks have been “civil and constructive,” but she said she would not consider Medicare cuts to reduce spending.
“I could never support any arrangement that reduced benefits for Medicare — absolutely not,” Pelosi said on CBS’ “Face the Nation.”
Yeah, Nancy, that will save Medicare for sure!
Schieffer wasn’t talking about the past, Nancy, he was talking about YOUR hypocrisy.
david r
Alan Greenspan is now calling for Clinton era tax rates to curb the deficit.  When former GOP presidential advisers advocate higher taxes, you know the economy is in real trouble.  Obama spent all his political capital on health care.  Had he fixed the economy first, he would had so much clout that HC would have sailed thru in much better form than what eventually passed.   He still has his great campaign skills though.  Sadly, I don’t think anyone in the current field can beat him.
Moderate
Obama agenda: A failure to sell
“After a suffering a ‘shellacking’ in the midterm elections, President Obama acknowledges what many have seen as his chief weakness – failing to sell the importance of several legislative milestones to the American people,” CBS writes of an interview with 60 Minutes to air Sunday. Obama said: “I think that’s a fair argument. I think that, over the course of two years we were so busy and so focused on getting a bunch of stuff done that, we stopped paying attention to the fact that leadership isn’t just legislation. That it’s a matter of persuading people. And giving them confidence and bringing them together. And setting a tone… Making an argument that people can understand. I think that we haven’t always been successful at that. And I take personal responsibility for that. And it’s something that I’ve got to examine carefully … as I go forward.”
Nancy Pelosi the product that you have the job of selling still stinks and the public is not buying.
ModerateMan
Could you see Schieffer grilling Obama like this?  I’m beginning to think the liberal media has a problem with women in power.  The left’s hatred of Palin and Bachmann seems to be indicative of this.
felixw
It’s simply not true that Democrats in Congress did nothing to the economy.
They took very active steps….to destroy it.
They wasted a trillion dollars on a failed stimulus bill.
They spurred an economic meltdown with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and a host of legislation designed to turn home mortgages into insolvent extensions of the government welfare system.
They added another 3,000 pages of mind-numbing regulation with the Frank-Dodd bill — which does nothing to limit the issuance of mortgages to those who can’t pay them back, but does handcuff financial operations in hundreds of new ways.
They effectively forced new companies to list their shares outside the US with Sarbanes-Oxley.
They added huge new costs and regulations on to businesses via Obamacare.
They have intruded in a host of other industries: transportation, insurance, hospitals, energy, etc. with heavy-handed regulation that has limited businesses ability to hire and expand.
They have pushed the US Treasury toward insolvency with unprecedented levels of deficit spending.
And they have made more than $100 trillion in promises to retirees that aren’t funded and now represent off-the-books liabilities equivalent to $1 million per taxpayer.  That’s right – one million dollars per taxpayer.
So be fair, Bob: it’s simply not true that Congress did nothing.  That would have been too much to hope for.
NeoKong
Wow….that was a lot of lying.
Yeah right…Democrats are all about working together, reducing the deficit creating jobs.
Just my Opinion
Gotta admit, for an old broad Nancy’s still pretty hot.
NO, NO, NO, !!!
I normally agree with everything you say MrTPar, but this time I am going to
respectifully recommend an EYE exam asap….
This old gal could be a Regular on The View!
Or have her own show on MSNBC!
WHOA   ;-o
