Nancy Pelosi History
Nancy Pelosi History
The San Francisco democrat represents California's 8th District (the bluest spot on the U.S. map and a citizenry which takes a 'Blame America First' response  and stands in contrast to mainstream America).
Nancy Pelosi wasted no time promoting her ego. Immediately following the commencement ceremony as the new speaker of the house, the California Congresswoman declared herself "the most powerful woman in America" according to a report from the Washington Times. A related article in the Times, went on to describe how Pelosi was quite full of herself at an event titled a "women's tea." "All right, let's hear it for the power," she screamed as the jubilant applause   continued.
During the 2006 midterm elections which brought Pelosi and the democratic party to power, her most significant campaign promise was to achieve several slated objectives "during the first 100 hours." Two years later those objectives remain idle and unfulfilled. Similarly in 2006, Pelosi promised to pressure OPEC and deliver lower gas prices to Americans. More than two years later, gasoline prices are at an all time high and continue to rise unabated.
On January 5, 2007, Pelosi vehemently opposed President Bush's plan to increase the troop levels in Iraq. Believing herself to be a superior military strategist then the leaders of the United States armed forces making the troop surge request, she joined with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and condemned the plan, citing that the plan would "endanger more Americans and stretch our military to the breaking point." As predicted by non-partisan military strategists, Pelosi's call for fear and vilification of President Bush was proved extremely wrong. On February 14, 2008, the one year troop surge anniversary, the surge was proven extremely militarily successful as measured by dramatic reductions in U.S. deaths, Iraqi civilian deaths, IED attacks, suicide bomber attacks, total volume of attacks and bringing increased calm to Iraq. Even more important, one week before the surge anniversary, the Iraqi government achieved two of the most long-standing political hurdles and reconciliations facing their new democratic government - the allocation of oil revenues to the provinces and the provinces ability to hold local elections for territorial governance. Unfortunately, rather than acknowledge and build upon the prior year's military and political advances, Pelosi appears compelled to maintain her investment in the defeat America strategy. Pelosi has positioned herself to win if America loses in Iraq, and unfortunately, believes that if America wins in Iraq, she loses.
Later in 2007, Pelosi demonstrated her new found power by with a personal Mideast tour to Israel and Syria. Despite White House and State Department interests that the United States speak consistently and with one voice on such global and important issues as middle east peace, Pelosi unilaterally made the trip. Event though  Syria backs terrorist groups Hamas and Hezbollah, permits Iraqi Sunni insurgents to regroup in its territory, is destabilizing Lebanon's government and was recently implicated in the 2005 assassination of former Lebanese Premier Rafik Hariri, Pelosi chose to put media headlines ahead of good judgment. At a press conference after her meeting with Syrian President Bashar Assad, Pelosi told the crowd of reporters that she had delivered a message from Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to Syrian President Assad saying that Olmert was ready to negotiate for peace. Olmert's office later disputed that claim, indicating he had not made that statement to Pelosi, and provided a clarification statement saying that "although Israel is interested in peace with Syria, that country continues to be part of the axis of evil and a force that encourages terror in the entire Middle East." The Israeli Prime Minister's Office later said that, "Pelosi took part of the things that were said in the meeting, and used what suited her." Pelosi's attempt to earn foreign policy headlines worked, although not with intended result.
On February 14, 2008, Pelosi personally squashed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by not permitting a vote on the House floor. The Act had previously passed the Senate and would have passed the House had a vote been permitted. The President aptly pointed out that al-qaida, terrorists and enemies of freedom continue to exist, the threat is as real today as it was on 9-11 and our intelligence staff need every tool they can use to protect the American people. However, the President's plea was to no avail. Pelosi actually held a news conference which boasted her pride in defeating the President's initiative (and unfortunately placing American's and America's interests at greater risk).
After years of alleging that the Republicans compromise their voting records and ethics based upon donations and perks from lobbyists, ABC News uncovered the speaker's own " Pelosi 100 ", an elite group of donors which include some of the wealthiest lobbyists and political action committee members who according to documents obtained by ABC News "contribute and raise $100,000 or more each in personal funds." for Pelosi and her colleagues. During the August 2008 democratic convention, the Pelosi 100 attempted to quietly run an elaborate VIP program that rewarded wealthy contributors with luxury perks, back stage access to the Denver convention and insider access to key elected officials, all part of what Democratic Chairman Howard Dean called the "business plan."
In October 2008, The Washington Times discovered that as House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi paid her husband 's real estate and investment company nearly $100,000 from her political action committee, a practice that she voted to ban in 2007 and a behavior that she and her democratic party condemned as part of the "culture of corruption" directed toward Republicans. At the same time Pelosi claimed to support a bill that would have banned members of Congress from putting spouses on their campaign staffs, Pelosi was routing money from her "PAC to the Future" to Financial Leasing Services, which is owned by her husband, Paul F. Pelosi.
Nancy Pelosi has proven herself to be self absorbed, power hungry and a San Francisco liberal out of touch with mainstream America. Multi-millionaire Nancy Pelosi is simply another fake populist. She and her click of opulent leftist Democrats are simply infants terribles engaged in a childish duel for power with their Republican counterparts. 
Nancy Pelosi
Nancy Pelosi assumed became the 60th Speaker of the House of Representatives on January 4, 2007. She became both the first woman and Californian to be Speaker of the house. Since being elected Speaker, the approval rating of the divided Congress has dropped to a historic low of less than 20% .
Pelosi was born into great wealth on March 26, 1940 in Baltimore, Maryland. She resides with her husband, Paul Pelosi, in San Francisco, California.
Pelosi is one of the richest members of Congress. Her net worth is over $25 million and includes both a large portfolio of San Francisco Bay Area real estate and stock investments in corporations.
 
