obama
The week started with the Drudge Report headline “Mosque Mess  Monday”. It was to get more messy as the week progressed, especially for  the fragmenting Democrats.
The previous Friday, Barack Obama had openly declared, at the White  House iftar, that it was a constitutional right to be able to build a  mosque. Naturally, this greatly pleased the mostly Muslim dinner guests.  When challenged on his statement the following day, during a family  visit to Florida, Obama explained that he had not been commenting on the wisdom of the decision to place a mosque there. Wisdom was far  from the minds of the perpetrators of this odious scheme. It’s a shame  that Obama did not use some of the vitriol that he has in abundance for  those that seek to serve and support the American people and way of  life.
Make no mistake, the choice of the former Burlington building is no  sheer coincidence. The name ‘Cordoba’ itself should ring alarm bells.  Why would they purposely choose a site that will cost $100 million to  develop, which, by all accounts, is money they do not yet have?
Harry Reid
On Monday, Harry Reid stated his belief that the mosque should be  built elsewhere. I never thought I’d say it, but well said, Harry. It  wouldn’t have anything to do with your slipping election prospects, by  any chance?
On Tuesday, it was announced that New York State Governor David  Paterson planned to meet with the project developers with the intention  of offering them alternative state-owned land for the building. This was  rapidly followed by a statement from lead developer Sharif El-Gamal,  who insisted that the subject was not up for debate. More proof, as if  any was needed, of their determination to build in this particular part  of Manhattan.
Nancy Pelosi
The most ridiculous item of the week came on Wednesday, with Nancy  Pelosi’s call for an investigation into who is funding the mosque  opposition. Funding? It doesn’t take funding to voice your opinion on  plans which are an affront to the memory of the victims, the grief of  the surviving families and the sacrifices of the rescue services on, and  after, 9-11. I get the distinct feeling that, as this affair rolls on,  some unpleasant realities will come to light. Every Trojan horse  eventually reveals its contents.
The end of the week saw some more bad news on the economy. New claims  for unemployment benefits rose to 500,000, the highest since November  2009. The number of people on emergency benefits also increased by  260,105 to 4.75 million. Sounds like more change for the worse, and very  little hope.
Finally, on the subject of statistics, a Time/CNN poll revealed that  24% of Americans believe that Barack Obama is Muslim. Surprisingly,  given the political leanings of the pollsters, it was found that 75% of  those surveyed hold a favorable impression of the Jewish faith, just  above Catholicism and Protestantism. The Muslim cult came last at 44%.  With Obama’s current Presidential approval index at minus eighteen  points, could it be time for a change of faith?
(Editor Dee is in for Skip today)
