February 4th, 2009 at 12:37 pm
It is amazing that she is 2 heartbeats away from being president.
Given what is in “Obama Spending Bill 2009″, I want to know how that saves my job or anyone elses job?
All the job they are “Creating” are government jobs not private sector jobs.
Further, it is amazing how many people are buying whatever they are saying. They are not questioning any of the so called facts they are giving.
Here is a fact for you libs. Our economy is a private endeavour and should not be messed with by the government. Remember they are the ones that gave us Social Security and spent the money. Medicare and spent the money. Amtrack, welfare, trade with China, and the list goes on and on.
They are hoping for a depression so they can stay in power like FDR did. We need some conservatives with  a large set of stones and a spine to stand up and tell us the truth.
I wish someone would run against Queen Nancy and win big and send her dumb butt back home for good.
2
Says:
February 4th, 2009 at 12:51 pm
Somebody sent this email to me today and then I heard what Nancy Obama said and I thought I would share with my fellow conservatives. You liberals can read it but you won’t understand it so you may just want to not read it. Safe your time for Oprah.
A new fable version of “The Little Red Hen.”
This may be the version your grandchildren hear one day!
Little Red Hen called all of her Democrat neighbors
together and said, ‘If we plant this wheat, we shall
have bread to eat. Who will help me plant it?’
‘Not I,’ said the cow.
‘Not I,’ said the duck.
‘Not I,’ said the pig.
‘Not I,’ said the goose.
‘Then I will do it by myself,’ said the little red hen, and so she did.
The wheat grew very tall and ripened into golden
grain. ‘Who will help me reap my wheat?’ asked
the Little Red Hen.
‘Not I,’ said the duck… above my pay grade.
‘Out of my classification,’ said the pig.
‘I’d lose my seniority,’ said the cow.
‘I’d lose my unemployment compensation,’ said
the goose.
‘Then I will do it by myself,’ said Little Red Hen,
and so she did.
At last it came time to bake the bread. ‘Who will
help me bake the bread?’ asked Little Red Hen.
‘That would be overtime for me,’ said the cow.
‘I’d lose my welfare benefits,’ said the duck.
‘I’m a dropout and never learned how,’ said the pig.
‘If I’m to be the only helper, that’s discrimination,’ said the goose.
‘Then I will do it by myself,’ said Little Red Hen.
She baked five loaves and held them up for all
of her neighbors to see. They wanted some and,
in fact, demanded a share.
But the Little Red Hen said, ‘No, I shall eat all
five loaves.’
‘Excess profits!’ cried the cow.
(Nancy Pelosi)
‘Capitalist leech!’ screamed the duck.
(Barbara Boxer)
‘I demand equal rights!’ yelled the goose.
(Jesse Jackson)
The pig just grunted in disdain.
(Ted Kennedy)
And they all painted ‘Unfair!’ picket signs and
marched around and around the little red hen,
shouting obscenities.
Then the farmer (Obama) came. He said to the
little red hen, ‘You must not be so greedy.  We
have to ‘Share the Wealth.’
‘But I earned the bread,’ said Little Red Hen.
‘Exactly,’ said Barack the farmer. ‘That is what
makes our free enterprise system so wonderful.
‘Anyone in the barnyard can earn as much as
he wants. But under our modern government
regulations, the productive workers must divide
the fruits of their labor with those who are lazy
and idle.
‘Like I told Joe the Plumber. We have to ‘Share
The Wealth.’ Your wealth, that is.’
And they all lived happily ever after, including
the little red hen, who smiled and clucked, ‘I am
grateful, for now I truly understand.’
But her neighbors became quite disappointed in
her. She never again baked bread because she
joined the ‘party’ and got her bread free.
And all the Democrats smiled. ‘Fairness’ had
been established.
Individual initiative had died, but nobody noticed;
perhaps no one cared…so long as there was free
bread that ‘the rich’ were paying for.
EPILOGUE
Bill Clinton is getting $12 million for his memoirs.
Hillary got $8 million for hers. That’s $20 million
for the memories from two people who, for eight
years, repeatedly testified, under oath, that they
couldn’t remember anything.
>> IS THIS A GREAT BARNYARD OR WHAT?
3
Says:
February 4th, 2009 at 1:14 pm
Hah she’s an idiot what do you want me to tell you. She has no brains no ability no idea what do you expect. And if I might add who was the dumb ass that put her in charge anyway.
4
