Doug Mills/ The New York Times
Updated: Aug. 2, 2011
In January 2007, Nancy Pelosi became the first woman to be speaker of the House. She ceded that post to Representative John A. Boehner , an Ohio Republican, with the Republican victories in the 2010 midterm elections.
Despite the steep losses for her party that cost it control of the House, Ms. Pelosi was elected as House minority leader just over two weeks later. She defeated Representative Heath Shuler of North Carolina in an internal party vote, 150 to 43. Mr. Shuler acknowledged before the vote that he had no chance to win, but he wanted to give disgruntled Democrats a chance to register their opposition to Ms. Pelosi’s leadership anyway.
Before that vote, House Democrats defeated a motion to delay the leadership election by a vote of 129 to 68. The 68 votes in favor of a delay showed the fractures in the caucus over Ms. Pelosi continuing as the party’s leader.
There is no filibuster in the House, meaning that a unified majority can get its way. That makes the minority leader a relatively powerless position — except when the Speaker needs votes from the minority to offset defections from his own party.
During most of the rancorous fighting over the 2011 budget and the federal debt ceiling, Ms. Pelosi was on the sidelines, as President Obama sought to strike a "grand bargain'' with Republicans that would include changes to some of the programs liberal Democrats hold most dear, including Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.
But the final deal worked out by Mr. Obama, Senate majority leader Harry Reid and Republican leaders — a deal that needed the support of some of Ms. Pelosi's members to become law — left Medicaid and Social Security out entirely, and limited potential cuts in Medicare. Even so, Ms. Pelosi declined to endorse the deal, which relies solely on spending cuts to reduce the deficit, when it was presented on July 31.
On Aug. 1, the House approved the agreement , and the Senate passed the plan the following day.  
As speaker, Ms. Pelosi was notably resolute and a lightning rod for Republican criticism. She kept the often fractious Democratic majority together enough to pass a string of sweeping bills. Some of them became law, most notably the health care bill, financial regulatory reform and the stimulus package, but many of them foundered or were watered down in the Senate, like the cap-and-trade energy bill adopted by the House in 2009 at significant political cost. 
Read More...
The passage of health care reform in March 2010 was seen as largely her doing; the pivotal vote came on a Sunday night after a week of strenuous arm-twisting by Ms. Pelosi, as she made deals with centrist Democrats and kept wavering party members in line. 
In the process Ms. Pelosi became almost as large a target for Republicans as President Obama. Dozens of candidates were tarred, often successfully, as "Pelosi Democrats.''
She was re-elected easily to her San Francisco seat in the 2010 elections.
Background
A congresswoman since 1987, she has been part of the Democratic Party leadership since 2001 when she became minority whip. In 2002, she became minority leader. In both cases, she was the first woman to hold the post.
Ms. Pelosi was born on March 26, 1940. Her father, Thomas D'Alesandro, was a New Dealer who served in the House for 10 years and was mayor of Baltimore for 12 years after that. (Later her brother, Thomas Jr., also was the city's mayor).
Ms. Pelosi married her husband, Paul, a millionaire real estate investor, in 1963. They moved to Mr. Pelosi's hometown, San Francisco, and had five children. From early in her married life, she began holding political fund-raisers, events for which she cooked the food and her children served it.
She rose quickly in the party, becoming chairwoman of the California Democratic Party. In 1987 she ran for the congressional seat that had long been held by Representative Phillip Burton California and then by his wife, Sala, who won an election to complete his term. In fact, Ms. Burton, who had become ill with cancer, summoned her politically-powerful family to her deathbed to suggest that Ms. Pelosi become a candidate. Voters in her district (originally the 5th and now the 8th, which includes 80 percent of San Francisco) have re-elected her by wide margins ever since.
Taking Charge of the House
As speaker, with a solid majority in the House, Ms. Pelosi took a leading role in shaping the Congressional agenda since the Democrats regained control in the 2006 elections. Her ability to pass bills, however, was tempered by defections among moderate Democrats on issues like Iraq and the Bush administration's wiretapping program. More often, bills passed by the House had to be watered down to win passage in the Senate, to the chagrin of Ms. Pelosi's more liberal supporters.
In January 2007, when Democrats took charge of both Houses of Congress for the first time in a dozen years, Ms. Pelosi laid out an ambitious agenda for her first 100 hours in power. Saying she wanted to "drain the swamp of Washington," she vowed to create a new rules package that would include pay-as-you-go budgeting, immediately adopt the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission, increase the minimum wage to $7.25 and broaden the types of stem cell research allowed with federal money.
She succeeded in pushing through many of her party's priorities, occasionally using what she calls her "mother of five" voice to get the job done. At the same time she alienated Republicans who said they were not allowed to offer their alternatives.
From there on, the year was increasingly frustrating, as Republicans — often those in the Senate, but sometimes those in the House — thwarted Ms. Pelosi's efforts to force a change in Iraq policy, expand a federal program for child health care and increase domestic spending.
In early 2008, Ms. Pelosi and Republican leaders put aside their enmity long enough to pass a stimulus package for the faltering economy in record time.
The ascension of a fellow Democrat, Barack Obama, to the White House, meant that Ms. Pelosi was no longer as dominant in shaping her party's agenda. But she remained the Democrat most able to deliver on legislation.
