Government Gone Wild
Comment by Jim Campbell, Citizen Reporter
Barack Hussein Obama can not and must not be compared with any United States President.  In fact the word president should not be associated with his name.  Obama is an evil Marxist leading the party he hijacked toward the end of America as we know it.  He will be stopped.   Why you ask?  Listen to the lies of Obama’s main pit bull Nancy the broom flyer Pelosi.
Please take a moment to check out an article I wrote while writing for the National Examiner: “Let’s discuss the “failed economic policies” of President George W. Bush”    Who you going to believe Nancy or me:
That’s my story and I’m sticking to it, I’m J.C. and I approve this message.
JFK vs. Barack Obama
A couple of days ago marked the birthday of John F. Kennedy. Happy belated Birthday Mr. President. Unfortunately, with the current crop of Democratic Party “leaders” not so happy for people of this nation.
As part of a project that I have been working on I needed to go back and look at some old video footage of John F. Kennedy’s speeches in an effort to gauge his political ideology. In order to show contrast, most people on the right love to compare Obama with Reagan. In my opinion, this is the wrong thing to do. We need to compare Obama with JFK to see that the Democratic Party, and this country, has been hijacked by the left.
Check out some of the quotes from JFK and you tell me if you notice any changes in rhetoric:
“I don’t believe in big government”—Kennedy-Nixon Presidential Debate, 1960
“I believe in the balanced budget”—Kennedy-Nixon Presidential Debate, 1960
Would you ever hear those words come out of the mouth of Obama? Pelosi? Biden? Wasserman-Schultz?
The left continually tell us that today’s Republican Party would never elect Ronald Reagan in a primary. But, would today’s Democratic Party elect John F. Kennedy today as their nominee? Judging by what I have seen and heard from the mouth of JFK himself the answer would be “NO”. The Democratic Party of yesteryear hardly resembles the party of today. They were much more mainstream back then. (More Below)
