July 9, 2010 at 8:34 pm
@ Billie & Jim Walsh
If the extensions had not been proposed I would have been in the same situation I am in now.  I have not received 99 weeks-I have received 26 weeks. I was just about to move to Tier 1 when the benefits were denied. I would have already been on Tier 1 if I had not done work (which I reported) since I lost my job. It was consulting but that was all that was available.
So no, I have not been out of work for two years and I am not wasting my time sitting at home. I work at job hunting and caring for my mother during all waking hours. Please don't assume everybody who is asking for extensions has been unemployed for two years and has been financially irresponsible. And please remember that we paid taxes, medicare, social security AND unemployment insurance-in my case much more that I will ever take out. And yes, I did have savings that are now gone. I do not have family to fall back on. I am the one people have needed to lean on. I realize that everyone is not in the same situation that I am in but Many Are in equally perilous situations.
It is a crisis in our country and will hurt everyone if it is not addressed. Homes will be lost, utilities unpaid, cars will be repossessed, food will not be bought, TAXES will NOT be paid (yes, unemployment is taxed) welfare and food stamps will be needed (which costs more to administer, but helps less-and taxpayers pay for it), etc etc etc.  Further damaging our economy and making it even more difficult to get a job. And yes, people will die as a result-here in America. I am not trying to be melodramatic-it is a very harsh truth.
Please keep in mind that the US has extended unemployment benefits in times of high unemployment since I was born 50 years ago-without ever asking for offsets to pay for it.
I have never needed to ask for unemployment before, luckily. BUT, when some of the same Republicans who passed the extensions when Bush was President have now said "no" I find that to be hypocritical. Before you jump in and say the economy was better then-think about it. It was headed this way then. Instead of heeding the warning signs, they gave tax incentives to continue sending jobs overseas, gave tax breaks and incentives to banks, gas & oil companies, auto makers and funded some outrageous projects. They also voted to spend trillions on a war that many Americans are not supportive of.
I am an independent, originally was a Republican for the record. I have not said that republicans are solely responsible for not passing the unemployment extension-but facts are facts. They voted "no". " Yes, if…" does not count. The democrats said "no" to the proposal that the republicans offered because of the tax loopholes that encourage businesses to ship jobs overseas. Democrats want to end the loopholes- republicans want to keep them. Closing those loopholes is critical to helping create jobs HERE. A bad political game that will backfire on them at election time.
Neither party should put politics before the people they represent but they have- and some have acknowledged that it was political-McConnell being the most vocal of the lot. He is not even ashamed of it! He should be.
For a Republican to vote "No" when Obama is in office and "yes" when Bush was in office tells you a lot about their character-or lack of it. The rules apply to Democrats, too if they do the same thing. Correct me if I am wrong, but Nelson is the only Democratic senator who voted "no" and he will probably not be re-elected.
I believe there are a few Republican senators who would like to vote "yes" but are too afraid of the repercussions from their own party. Imagine the actual positive image they would create in the minds of most Americans by having the guts to vote "yes"-putting people before politics. If they truly believe saying "no" is right then I respect their right to their belief.  But that is not what is happening in many cases.
We only need one more person who will end up a hero in the minds of most. Maybe it will start a trend of actually representing the American people among politicians.
That would be a refreshing change.
We need politicians who show integrity. They will be re-elected.
There is no more Hop
says:
July 11, 2010 at 2:01 pm
This is awful ! I get all the extensions but don't qualify for FED ED because my base period I only worked 17 weeks instead of the required 20 BECAUSE I was laid off of that job after 17 weeks ! Prior to that job I had also been out of work due to this freaking reccession ! Prior to that and for years I always worked full time !
Now Im going to lose everything because our ecomony is under water and we are called lazy ! Im 48 I dont even get replies to resumes ! WTF are we suppose to do ???
