Ed Morrissey of Hot Air suggests that there are two problems with this claim.
"This new story has a couple of problems. Pelosi has already acknowledged that she knew about the EITs and their application at the time Jane Harman wrote her letter objecting to them, which she declined to sign. Pelosi never personally objected to the EITs until the techniques got exposed in 2005.
"More to the point, people who attended the same and similar briefings in that period have already acknowledged publicly that the CIA told them explicitly of their use. Some briefings included videotapes of the interrogations, which have been destroyed and created their own scandal on Capitol Hill and Langley. And if the CIA really had lied to her in the briefings, why didn't Pelosi start out with that explanation? In fact, why didn't she mention that in 2005 when both the EITs and the briefings were made public? Coming four years later, this explanation lacks any kind of credibility."
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has two problems. First, the CIA is saying that its records show that Nancy Pelosi was at the September, 2002 briefing in question and all of the Enhanced Interrogation Techniques (EITs) being used at the time were discussed. People would be forgiven for concluding, after all of the tortured and changed explanations, that it is Nancy Pelosi who is lying and not the CIA.
House Democrats had hoped to use the Enhanced Interrogation Technique (which they call torture) issue as a means to torment former Bush administration officials. That plan has been derailed by Nancy Pelosi's continuing problems over what did she know about waterboarding and when did she know it. One can hardly drag some poor Bush era lawyer before a Congressional Committee for approving waterboarding when apparently Nancy Pelosi knew and approved of it when it was going on.
Karl Rove, President Bush's old political advisor, was even more caustic in the Wall Street Journal. "--when political winds shifted, Mrs. Pelosi seems to have decided to use enhanced interrogation as an issue to attack Republicans. It is disgraceful that Democrats who discovered their outrage years after the fact are now braying for disbarment of the government lawyers who justified EITs and the prosecution of Bush administration officials who authorized them. Mrs. Pelosi is hip-deep in dangerous waters, and they are rapidly rising."
That leads us to Nancy Pelosi's second problem. As with every high public officials, Nancy Pelosi has her share of enemies. Unfortunately for her, these include House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, who would very much like to be Speaker himself, and President Barack Obama, who considers Nancy Pelosi to imperious for her own good.
The question may be not if but when Nancy Pelosi will have to step down for the good of the country, the House, and the Democratic Party.
