i Help us expand this topic.
Submit Contribution
Videos
Nancy Pelosi, née Nancy Patricia D’Alesandro    (born March 26, 1940, Baltimore, Md., U.S.), American politician who was the first woman to serve as speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives (2007–11). She then became the House minority leader (2011– ).
D’Alesandro—whose father, Thomas D’Alesandro, Jr., was a politician and New Deal Democrat—studied political science at Trinity College in Washington, D.C., graduating with a bachelor’s degree in 1962. The following year she married Paul Pelosi, and the couple moved to New York. Five children and six years later, the family settled in San Francisco, where Pelosi worked as a volunteer Democratic organizer. Earning a reputation as a highly effective fund-raiser, she rose through the ranks, serving on the Democratic National Committee and as chair of both the California Democratic Party (1981–83) and the host committee for the 1984 Democratic National Convention in San Francisco. Along the way, Pelosi befriended longtime U.S. Rep. Phil Burton. Burton died in 1983 and was succeeded by his wife, Sala, who, shortly before her death in 1987, urged Pelosi to run for the seat. She narrowly won a special election and was reelected in 1988 to a full term. Pelosi easily won subsequent elections in her overwhelmingly Democratic district.
In 2002 Pelosi was elected minority whip and—using what she referred to as her “mother of five” voice—began pushing for unity among the diverse factions within her party by embracing conservatives and moderates. Still, Pelosi continued to vote consistently in favour of such liberal causes as gun control and abortion rights, opposed welfare reform, and cast a vote against the Iraq War . Her criticism of Pres. George W. Bush could be harsh; she once characterized him as an “incompetent leader.” Her critics in turn claimed that her “left coast,” left-wing politics put her out of touch with most of the country.
Following the midterm elections in November 2006, the Democrats gained a majority in the House of Representatives. On Jan. 4, 2007, Pelosi was elected speaker of the House of the 110th Congress. After Democrat Barack Obama assumed the presidency in 2009, Pelosi was a vocal supporter of many of his policies, helping to shepherd through his $787 billion stimulus package in February 2009 and playing an instrumental role in the more-than-yearlong effort to secure health care reform, which ultimately passed in March 2010. The historic bill extended health care to some 30 million previously uninsured Americans and prohibited insurers from denying coverage to those with preexisting conditions.
Pelosi’s popularity declined, however, as the economy continued to struggle and as opposition to legislation she had championed—notably health care reform and the stimulus package—increased. In the lead-up to the 2010 midterm elections, she became a target of Republican attacks and a rallying point for Tea Partiers , who were keen to turn the elections into a referendum on the Democratic agenda. The Democrats fared poorly in the November elections and lost control of the House. Despite calls for new party leadership, Pelosi was elected to serve as minority leader in the next Congress.
