Nancy Pelosi
in Relationships
Secretive and inclined to brooding silences, it is difficult for others to really know her inner core, for Nancy Pelosi only trusts and opens herself to a select few.  Allowing herself to be vulnerable and to relinquish control in relationships is not easy for Pelosi.
Nancy has intense, passionate loves and hates and is a jealously loyal and protective friend - or a fearsome foe.  Nancy Pelosi has a nasty habit of holding onto past hurts, resentments and guilt - and to keep such feelings to herself.  It is important for Nancy Pelosi to learn to forgive and let go, as well as to express her feelings openly and directly, rather than hiding or repressing them.
She is not content with superficial appearances and is always probing beneath the surface of things for hidden motives.  Nancy Pelosi has a great deal of emotional depth.
She is emotionally expressive and often dramatizes her feelings, acting them out or blowing them out of proportion.  Nancy Pelosi cannot hide her instinctive emotional reactions to people or situations, and she does not make any pretenses about her personal sympathies or antipathies.
Nancy Pelosi has a childlike openness and playfulness which is very appealing to others, but which sometimes gets her into trouble, as Nancy takes risks on impulse or whim.
She needs love, affection, nurturing and enjoys being pampered - all of which is fine, as long as Nancy Pelosi is willing to give as well as receive the attention and "babying".  Nancy has a rather childish dependency on loved ones, which can make her cling to them, or be very uncomfortable with any conflict that could conceivably lead to separation.  Creating a loving family is certainly a challenge for Nancy - one that can be enormously satisfying if she can achieve it, and a source of great sadness if she cannot.
She is prone to be overly indulgent, overly permissive, overly generous, and disinclined to budget or diet or set reasonable limits for herself or others.  Subconsciously Nancy Pelosi feels entitled to bounty, and sees no reason to be deprived.  At her worst Pelosi can be greedy but insatiable, and addicted to "the good life".  However, if other factors in her chart indicate a capacity for discipline and prudence, there is a positive side to Nancy's emotional indulgence - Pelosi tends to be quite charitable and tolerant, freely giving and willing to embrace others despite their shortcomings.
Her childhood and early home life was in many ways unsettling, and the nurturing Pelosi received was erratic and unreliable at best.  Nancy Pelosi has had to move a lot, or Pelosi's family may have been blatantly different from other people so that Nancy was often deemed an outsider or a "weirdo".  As an adult, Nancy Pelosi may long for "normalcy" while at the same time she balks at any routine, structure, formality or restrictions.
Nancy Pelosi often becomes nervous or shaky when emotionally stressed.  Developing a regular rhythm and a steady, consistent (if not traditional) way of life would be beneficial to Pelosi, both emotionally and physically.
In love relationships, Nancy Pelosi is steadfast and loyal, especially if she has a warm, demonstrative partner.  She is very sensual in nature and craves plenty of touching and physical affection.  Nancy enjoys being pampered with a good meal, a loving massage or other sensual delights.  She is a wonderful lover who is very attentive to the comfort and enjoyment of her loved one.  Nancy Pelosi responds intensely to beauty and physical appearance, and the physical attractiveness of her partner is very important to her.
Pelosi is a very sociable, congenial person and she wilts very quickly without relationships with good friends and people to share good times with.  Nancy Pelosi thoroughly enjoys working with others on group projects or community activities.  She is quite happy when she is a part of a club, support group, or team of some sort.
Nancy Pelosi is extremely amorous and it is difficult for her to go without romantic relationships for very long.  When she is attracted to someone, Nancy Pelosi pursues her very ardently and sometimes comes on too strong.  Being engaged in creative or artistic work can also satisfy her very strong desire for love and beauty.
She is excitable, spontaneous, and easily aroused emotionally and sexually.  Nancy Pelosi falls in love very quickly and has little self-restraint or concern for propriety when her feelings have been stirred.  However, it may be difficult for Nancy to sustain relationships after the first rush of excitement wanes, especially if Pelosi's partner is basically a conservative person who does not like to change or experiment.  Nontraditional relationships appeal to Nancy Pelosi, and personal freedom is or paramount importance to her.
Sensitive and compassionate, Pelosi tends to be the "giver" in any relationship.  Nancy has high ideals and a refined attitude towards love relationships, seeking to relate in ways that go beyond egotistical and selfish needs.  Nancy is attracted to people with artistic or mystical inclinations.
Astrological factors in this Astro Profile section:
Moon in Scorpio
