Obama And Pelosi putting government workers first    
Where a man's purse is, there his heart will be also. -- If you would know where the heart of the Obama party is today, consider. In the dog days of August, with temperatures in D.C. rising above 100, Nancy Pelosi called the House back to Washington to enact legislation that could not wait until September... [See Obama Watch ]
Ted Nugent -- Human Events -- August 8, 2010  
Instead of "draining the swamp" of corruption as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi promised Americans in 2006, under her tenure the congressional swamp has grown more putrid, more corrupt, and more out-of-touch with ordinary Americans...
American Patrol Report Feature -- Updated! -- May 12, 2010    
 
...House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., is telling Catholic bishops who want her to pass immigration reform [aka amnesty ] that they must speak out in favor of the reform in their churches...
Fox News  -- May 10, 2010     
  
Pelosi urges Catholic Church to play 'major role' in pushing amnesty    
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Thursday urged Catholic leaders to "instruct" their parishioners to support immigration reforms [aka amnesty ], saying clerics should "play a very major role" in supporting Democratic policies. -- "The cardinals, the archbishops, the bishops that come to me and say, 'We want you to pass immigration reform,' and I said.... [ Related Video ]
American Patrol Report Feature -- May 8, 2010   
Pelosi Sacrificing Kids on the Altar of Globalism    
...American Border Patrol has proven that interdiction of drugs at the border would be a simple matter of completing the border fence. -- Nancy Pelosi has established beyond the shadow of a doubt that she is more interested in an open border than the health and welfare of American kids...
Roll Call -- Washington -- April 22, 2010      
Pelosi: House would "welcome" amnesty scheme this year    
Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said the House would "welcome" an immigration reform bill [read: amnesty ] from the Senate this year and believes she could get enough votes to pass such an overhaul. -- "When the Senate is ready with an immigration bill, we don't want anybody holding up for any reason," she told reporters Thursday at her weekly press conference.
Phyllis Schlafly -- Eagle Forum -- March 26, 2010     
Obamacare versus freedom    
Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi spent the weekend telling Democrats to hurry up and get the job done, i.e., end the legislative agony by passing Obamacare (even though polls show that a solid majority of the American people oppose it). Obama argued, "This is why I got into politics."
Devvy Kidd -- Rense.com -- March 24, 2010     
Fox Poll: 79% say U.S. economy could collapse    
I wonder if they are still so enamored with their Messiah? -- Remember seeing the women fainting at Obama speeches? The tears? The hankies? Oh, we love you, Obama! -- How they cheered the Komerade Pelosi when the Democrats took "power" in January 2007! Women's pride! Yeah!...
Washington Examiner -- March 17, 2010     
Pelosi: 'Once we kick through this door,' more "reform" will follow    
If you have any doubt that the Democratic leadership of the House views passing the current health care reform bill as the beginning, not the end, of the process of creating a national government health care system, just note what Speaker Nancy Pelosi told a group of bloggers on Monday...
Christopher G. Adamo -- GOPUSA.com -- March 4, 2010     
Pelosi backwards On 'Tea Parties' and GOP    
...In a February 28 interview on ABC, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D.-CA) engaged in the sort of doublespeak that has earned her the anger and nearly universal distrust of the American people. It hardly seems believable that, only a mere three years ago, Pelosi was a virtual unknown among common citizens...
La Opinion -- Los Angeles -- January 14, 2010    Translated from Spanish by Google     
Pelosi tells pro-Mexico rag she'll work on an amnesty    
Washington -- "These situations are always open to reevaluation, you study a strategy," said Speaker of the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, in an interview with La Opinion, when asked to reconsider the possibility of moving the reform first immigration legislation that directs the body, considering the delay in the Senate... [See Amnesty Watch ]
CBS News -- January 12, 2010    
All expenses paid for 20 congressmen in Copenhagen    
Few would argue with the U.S. having a presence at the Copenhagen Climate Summit. But wait until you hear what we found about how many in Congress got all-expense paid trips to Denmark on your dime. -- CBS investigative correspondent Sharyl Attkisson reports that cameras spotted House Speaker Nancy Pelosi at the summit...
Cato Institute -- November 23, 2009     
Arrogant Pelosi eyeballing global tax on financial transactions    
Imagine if the government got to pick your pocket every time you engaged in a financial transaction? That nightmare scenario is a distinct possibility now that senior Democrats have joined with European politicians and urged that such a tax be applied on a worldwide [basis]...
The Hill -- Washington -- November 8, 2009    
House health bill passes 220-215; 39 Dems and one GOP defect    
The House passed its $1 trillion healthcare overhaul late Saturday with only two votes to spare, becoming the first chamber to vote on such a significant expansion of healthcare since Congress passed Medicare in 1965. -- The 220-215 vote late Saturday was a victory for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and President Barack Obama ...
Eric Cantor, Republican Whip -- October 29, 2009    
    
In a stunning development, Speaker Pelosi denies public access to health care public plan announcement. [ Related video from the NRCC ]
Numbers USA -- October 29, 2009     
Health care bill sent to floor with no legal presence verification included    
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) has unveiled the final version of the House's health care reform bill without a citizenship verification mechanism. Floor debate on the bill is expected to begin next week. -- The bill would expand current Medicaid coverage to include incomes up to 150 percent of the federal poverty level...
Rob Natelson -- Tenth Amendment Center -- September 18, 2009     
Pelosi's misleading statement on the constitutionality of government health care    
Speaker Nancy Pelosi has issued a press release in which she purports to rebut those of us who have expressed doubts about the constitutionality of some health care reform plans. -- Pelosi (or her ghostwriter) claims: "The 10th amendment to the U.S. Constitution states that the powers not delegated to..."
US Newswire -- September 17, 2009     
Pelosi remarks at ethnic soiree    
..."With their determination to build a better future and their commitment to faith, family, and community, all are making America more American. This is the essence of our history. To honor the character of America, we must pass comprehensive immigration reform [read: amnesty]....
Associated Press -- September 17, 2009        
Obama praises Sotomayor, panders away at ethnic soiree    
...'The American people did not send us to Washington to ignore problems just because they're tough,' said Obama , whose campaign slogan of 'Yes, We Can' borrowed from Cesar Chavez's 'Si, Se Puede.' -- Echoing that pledge, Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told a cheering crowd that immigration overhaul and improvements in education would come...   
Real Clear Politics -- September 17, 2009  
     
Pelosi chokes up warning of political "violence"    
"I have concerns about some of the language that is being used because I saw... I saw this myself in the late '70s in San Francisco," Pelosi said, choking up and with tears forming in her eyes. "This kind of rhetoric is just, is really frightening and it created a climate in which..."
Charlotte (NC) Observer -- September 6, 2009    
Town hall crowd vents wide-ranging anger at Rep. Spratt    
A hostile crowd greeted U.S. Rep. John Spratt in his home county Thursday night, filling a 700-seat hall to voice anger over far more than health-care reform. -- Many in the Rock Hill audience lashed out at illegal immigration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and a federal government they say no longer deserves the trust of Americans...
Freedom's Lighthouse -- August 14, 2009     
    
New video nails Nancy Pelsoi on hypocrisy    
Here is video via Naked Emperor News showing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in 2006 telling anti-war protesters that she is a fan of "disruptors." The video shows her favorable attitude toward protesters favoring liberal causes and contrasts that with her statements against those now protesting against ObamaCare legislation.
The Last Crusade -- August 11, 2009     
Elitist snob Pelosi promises health care for all (illegals included) by Halloween    
"Let me assure you," House Speaker Nancy Pelosi assured her constituents this weekend. "There will be a health care reform bill passed." -- Mrs. Pelosi said that she is devoting all of her time during the August recess to drumming up support for the planned $3.5 trillion overhaul of the country’s health care system...
Frank Salvato -- Family Security Matter -- May 19, 2009   
Nancy Pelosi: Damaged beyond repair    
Well, well, well...it would seem that Nancy Pelosi has outed herself as a liar...a disingenuous, political opportunist, hell-bent on making sure that her ideology is placed above the importance of honesty and good government. It is stunning that the White House and the Democrat leadership haven't counseled her to limit her media liability...
Ron Ewart -- Federal Observer -- April 4, 2009   
Is it treason, high crimes and misdemeanors?    
Do their crimes rise to the level of treason, high crimes and misdemeanors? Do we dare utter the "I" word? Does the future hold ….. gasp ….. impeachment for Barack Obama , Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid for the unconscionable, treasonous actions each of them has taken in the last few months...
James L. Lambert -- One News Now -- March 30, 2009  
Last week Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (D-San Francisco) described the law-enforcement activities of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) as "un-American." Which triggers the question -- since when is enforcing federal law by a federal agency "un-American"?
Roger Aronoff -- Right Side News -- Kennedaw, Georgia -- March 26, 2009    
Pelosi's latest move to regulate the news    
...While clearly there are serious issues engulfing the newspaper industry, in San Francisco and elsewhere, the problem isn't one of anti-trust violations. Pelosi has made her feelings known. She would like a return to the Fairness Doctrine . This is a nose under the tent....
Federation for American Immigration Reform -- March 25, 2009   
On Saturday, March 7, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) spoke to a group of legal and illegal aliens, criticizing law enforcement operations conducted by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) as "un-American."
Debra Saunders -- National Ledger -- March 24, 2009   
At a recent San Francisco event, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi denounced the Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrests of illegal [ aliens ]. "Taking parents from their children … that's un-American ," Pelosi said. Fox News aired videotape of Pelosi's "un-American" remark last week...
WorldNetDaily.com -- March 21, 2009         
Rohrabacher: Dems not 'watching out for American people'    
U.S. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., says the Democratic Party is watching out for illegal aliens, not American citizens, after House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, a Democrat, condemned immigration raids as "un-American ." -- The comments from Pelosi criticizing actions by the ICE agency, which is following laws established by Congress...
Drinking with Bob -- March 21, 2009  
       
Pelosi is a liar and a thief    
Nancy Pelosi! Nancy Pelosi! This piece of trash is in the news again. Supposedly, some watchdog group intercepted e-mails from Nancy Pelosi asking for military planes to fly her and her family back and forth across the country every freaking weekend. -- Sometimes she would reserve these planes, get them all fueled up and not even use them...
Augusta (Georgia) Chronicle Editorial -- March 20, 2009       
A needless witch hunt    
The America most of us knew as children has been turned on its head. -- Today, we even have a speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives [loony lady Nancy Pelosi] -- third in line to the presidency -- who says enforcing immigration laws is "un-American," and that illegal [ aliens ] are "very patriotic." [ See video ] -- Meanwhile, a true patriot -- Maricopa County, Ariz., Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- is actually being investigated by Washington...
Minot (North Dakota) Daily News Editorial -- March 20, 2009        
Speaker of whose house?    
We're not even sure what to make of statements made by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi recently to a gathering of illegal and legal immigrants . But we know the comments are troubling, to say the least. Very troubling. -- Pelosi told the group that enforcement of existing immigration laws... [Related CAPS Action Alert ]
Fox News -- March 20, 2009  
                         
Tancredo chats with Cavuto about screwball Pelosi's disgusting behavior    
Tom Tancredo talks about the Pelosi speech to illegal aliens in a San Francisco church on March 14, 2009, part of the Nancy Pelosi - Luis Gutierrez "excellent adventure" accross the US, promoting amnesty. Thanks to ' StephenLone Wolf ' for uploading the video to YouTube. [Related CAPS Action Alert ] [ Related video ]
Californians for Population Stabilization -- March 19, 2009    
Ratcheting up her open borders rhetoric a notch, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told a rally in San Francisco that enforcement of immigration laws was "un-American." She also referred to illegal aliens [ criminals ] as "very, very patriotic."...
U. S. Rep. Steve King -- March 18, 2009          
Congressman King comments on loony Pelosi's outrageous remarks    
Congressman Steve King, the highest ranking Republican on the House Immigration Subcommittee, today made the following statement in response to comments House Speaker Nancy Pelosi recently made before a group of legal and illegal [ aliens ]. Pelosi said that enforcement of current immigration law is "un-American."
Fox News -- March 18, 2009                          
Pelosi tells invaders that jobsite raids are 'un-American'    
..."I was embarrassed by what she [Namcy Pelosi] said," said Rick Oltman , with Californians for Population Stabilization , an anti-illegal [immigration] group. "Exhorting illegal aliens for taking responsibility for our country's future.... In fact, sitting there in the audience.... I really resented that comment."
Brenda Walker -- VDare.com --  March 14, 2009   
Treason Lobby Triumphant: Pelosi hops on board Gutierrez's "Amnesty Express"    
St Anthony's Catholic Church in San Francisco's Mission district rang with chants of "Si se puede" Saturday evening, as Rep. Luis Gutierrez's Magical Amnesty Tour rolled through town, featuring illegal alien sob stories in an open bid to undermine American law and sovereignty...
San Francisco Chronicle -- March 8, 2009   
Pelosi calls for amnesty... again    
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi joined hundreds of families Saturday evening at a church in San Francisco's Mission District demanding an end to the immigration raids and deportations that separate parents from children across the United States. -- Pelosi, who has said securing U.S. borders is a top priority, used the forum to call for a comprehensive immigration program ...
CNSNews.com -- March 6, 2009   
Pelosi backs Senate amendment to regulate talk radio    
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi told CNSNews.com on Thursday that she supports an amendment to a Senate bill that would force the FCC to "take actions to encourage and promote diversity in communication media ownership and to ensure that broadcast station licenses are used in the public interest." [See Free Speech Watch ] 
