Home > Archives (Aug 4, 2008) > Is Nancy Pelosi Really This Stupid?
Is Nancy Pelosi Really This Stupid?
August 04, 2008
BEGIN TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: Yesterday on Stephanopoulos' Sunday show, the guest was Nancy Pelosi. Now, we have three bites here. The first bite is a montage -- it's comical -- a montage of questions that Stephanopoulos asked Pelosi because he knows, Stephanopoulos knows this issue is killing Democrats. And you'll hear here, he begs Pelosi to allow a vote. Question after question after question. But he never got the answer he wanted.
STEPHANOPOULOS: Why won't you permit a straight up-or-down vote? Members of your own caucus say we must have a vote. Why not give a straight up-or-down vote for drilling? Why not let it -- let it be debated out and have the vote? So what exactly are you trying to say? Why not allow votes? Why can't they have a vote? Just to be clear, you're saying you will not allow a single up-or-down vote, not going to permit a vote? Why not allow a vote on the drilling? Let me move on to another issue.
RUSH: That's how many times he asked the question of Nancy Pelosi yesterday on his own Sunday morning show. Now, here are a couple of bites of Pelosi herself. I don't know if you saw this, but this may have been her worst performance on a show like this, out of her league, eyes were just bug-eyed -- it was the strangest thing. She knows that she's guilty here. She knows she's got big problems, but she's hanging tough. And I'll tell you over on Meet the Press with Tom Brokaw, John Kerry was nonsensical as well, and poor old Brokaw, he was so upset at the McCain ads that are being run against Obama. CBS had a cow. The only reason they're having cows over those ads because those ads are effective, they work. Exactly right. Okay, here. Stephanopoulos says, "If you feel that you have the better arguments, why not give a straight up-or-down vote for drilling?"
PELOSI: What you saw in the Congress this week was the war dance of the handmaidens of the oil companies. That's what you saw on the Republican side of the aisle. We have a planet to save. We have an economy to grow. And we can do that if we keep our -- our balance in all of this and not just say, but for drilling in unprotected -- in these protected areas offshore, we would have lower gas prices.
RUSH: We have a planet to save. These people are so full of themselves. They are going to die of anal poisoning unless they do something quick. Did you save the planet by leaving town, Ms. Pelosi? You save the planet by shutting down the Congress? You save the planet and you have an economy to grow? What do you know about growing an economy? Every thing that you are oriented towards here is going to do great damage to the economy. In a sane political world these people would be the biggest jokes. None of what they say makes any sense. It's either wrong or flat-out lies. Here's one more, Stephanopoulos says, "Okay, why not allow votes on all that? When you came in as speaker you promised in your commitment book a New Direction for America -- let me show our viewers -- you said bills would generally come to the floor under procedure that allows open full fair debate consisting of a full amendment process that grants the minority the right to offer its alternatives. If they want to offer a drilling proposal, why can't they have their vote?"
PELOSI: They -- they'll have to use their imagination as to how they can get a vote and they may get a vote. You never say never to anything. You know, you have to -- people have their parliamentary options available to them. But from my standpoint, my flagship issue as speaker of the House and of this 110th Congress has been to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and to save -- reverse global warming. I am not giving the gavel -- I'm not giving the gavel away to a tactic that will do neither of those things, that supports the oil -- Big Oil at the cost, at the expense of -- of the consumer.
RUSH: Folks, do you realize what she just said here? May I translate this for you? Aside from the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, they'll have to use their imagination parliamentary to get a vote, aside from all that, "My flagship issue as speaker has been to reduce our dependence on foreign oil." What are the House Republicans wanting to vote on, Madam Speaker? Drilling domestic oil. And then she says, "Reducing our dependence on foreign oil and reversing global warming." So we have idiots, genuine leftist, socialist idiots. She knows this is the stuff her audience wants to hear. I go back and forth as to whether she's really this dumb or not. Every time I hear her speak I get closer and closer to concluding that she is this dumb, not just trying to speak the words and thoughts that her critics want to hear.
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH: Do you think TIME Magazine would ever do a cover store on Nancy Pelosi where the headline is: "Is Nancy Pelosi Good for America?" as they did with me? Do you think they'll ever do a headline, cover story in TIME Magazine referring to her as a Grinch who stole Christmas? Do you think they would ever do stories about how she's stubborn and obstinate and blocking progress, as they do when Republicans stand in the way of what Democrats want?
END TRANSCRIPT
