Politics
Ethics
Concerns over ethics in Congress played a big part in the Democratic recapture of the House of Representatives and Pelosi's ascension to the Speaker-ship after several members of Congress were investigated, indicted or convicted for legal wrongdoing in 2006.  In early 2007, Speaker Pelosi established a Special Task Force on Ethics Enforcement to explore the problem.  Twenty freshmen House Democrats have asked for legislation to establish an independent ethics commission within the legislative branch to investigate future ethical lapses by fellow members. [6] Speaker Pelosi and others in the majority have resisted such a reform. [7]
Pelosi, capitalizing on the public’s distaste for the earmarking process, pledged reform during the elections last fall.  Members of Congress regularly abuse the appropriations process by earmarking public monies to fund pet projects of special interests and donors often in their own congressional districts or states.  Earmarks are an area of the legislative process particularly susceptible to corruption.  In May 2007 Pelosi inserted a $25 million earmark into the Water Resources Development Act for a project that involves renovating ports near four separate commercial real estate properties near property owned by her husband, Paul Pelosi, and is likely to significantly boost the value of the property he owns. [8] The properties earn combined rental income of more than $3 million. [9] .
Members of Pelosi's own Congressional Democratic Caucus have warned failure to deliver on their campaign promises to clean up Congress would be damaging in the 2008 election. [10]
Pelosi's now famous comment- the 'culture of corruption' is only meant to be used against Republicans. In another example of her hypocrisy, Democrat Charles Rangel is under investigation for ethics violations. Nancy says "she has no intention of forcing Rangel out." [11] So, her other famous comment "drain the swamp of corruption" is just as meaningless.
Iraq war failure
Another major setback for Pelosi in her early months as Speaker was the rejection by her own caucus, and the Congress as a whole, for her plan to end the War in Iraq and bring the troops home.  Pelosi had promised during the run up to the midterm elections to stop funding for the war and force the President to withdraw troops fighting abroad in the War on terror .  In a stunning rebuke to her leadership, and the anti-war movement, the House voted overwhelmingly 280-142 to continue building Iraqi democracy and counter the threat posed by Islamic extremists outside of U.S. territory rather than the cut and run strategy proposed by liberal anti-war activists.  Only the radical fringe voted against funding the troops. [12] In exchange Pelosi won a raise in the minimum wage , a controversial maneuver that increases the incentive for young people to drop out of school, with devastating effects upon the most vulnerable in our society, minorities in particular -- African-Americans and Hispanics. [13]
One review stated,
“
Hamilton and Madison knew what they were doing when they gave the bulk of the war powers to the President, and it's hard to imagine a more telling vindication of their wisdom...Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Harry Reid claim to oppose the war and want it to end, yet they refused to use their power of the purse to end it. Instead, they tried every legislative gimmick imaginable to hamstring President Bush's war strategy without actually having to take responsibility for cutting off funds. [14]
”
Energy Independence
Pelosi is opposed to expanding domestic drilling, though a recent Fox News poll showed more than 75% of Americans support drilling. This includes 85% of Republicans, 71% of Democrats and 68% of Independents favor drilling. [15] The poll additionally found the American public split on whether the domestic drilling would have any effect on gas prices.  By contrast, a CNN poll released July 31st found "just over half say that the Bush administration and the war in Iraq are major causes of high fuel prices." [16] Pelosi wants oil companies to drill on the lands already leased and is refusing to allow a vote on additional domestic drilling. She did take a vote to close the House of Representatives early for a five-week recess without addressing energy issues. [17] Pelosi wants to tap into the Strategic Oil Reserves. "America's greatest strategic reserves lie beneath taxpayer-owned lands - including ANWR's northern coastal plain and the outer continental shelf - that are currently off limits to energy production,” said Daniel Kish, senior vice president of the Institute for Energy Research, an oil industry-supported think tank. [18] Nancy Pelosi often blames oil companies and capitalist speculators for the oil price increases. Her call for renewable energy and new technologies hasn't had an impact on lowering oil prices. "A New Direction", the Democrats' Six for '06 campaign promises includes energy independence. She has completely failed to produce anything that would contribute to energy independence. "For 25 years, Democrats have blocked more American-made oil and gas. That's why we're in the predicament we're in, voters want Congress "to vote on more American made oil and gas. We want to do that. She, Harry Reid , Barack Obama are standing in the way." "She's got time to go out and promote her new book tour and her new book, but she doesn't have time to schedule a vote on the floor of the House and let the American people have their will expressed?" said Minority Leader John Boehner, R-OH.
Pelosi is a supporter of increasing taxes and regulation on energy production because she is a believer in global warming . She was scheduled to speak at a March 2, 2009 global warming protest, but did not make it because her plane was delayed due to a snowstorm. [19]
Health Care
Pelosi's major achievement has been the passage on Nov. 7, 2009, of the "Affordable Health Care for America Act" H.R. 3962 , costing $1.1 trillion. It just barely passed 215-210, as 39 Democrats deserted her leadership. Pelosi is a strong supporter of abortion but to get the 215 votes she had to give in to Catholic leaders nationally and abortion opponents in her own caucus and allow them to impose tight restrictions of the Stupak Amendment that bar any insurance plan that is purchased with government subsidies from covering abortions.  As a result numerous liberals denounced the bill even as they voted for it. [20] The bill is now in the Senate, where its fate is uncertain.
Boy Scouts
Nancy Pelosi tried to pass legislation making it illegal for Boy Scouts to use public facilities like schools. This move was brought on by her disapproval of the Boy Scouts not allowing homosexuals to lead the children.
Criticism
Accusation against CIA
Pelosi has been caught lying about her knowledge of CIA interrogations. She claims she was never briefed by the Bush Administration . In fact, her and three others were briefed. The Washington Post reported the following: "In September 2002, four members of Congress [that included Pelosi] met in secret for a first look at a unique CIA program designed to wring vital information from reticent terrorism suspects in U.S. custody," and "Among the techniques described, said two officials present, was waterboarding..." [21]
After doing nothing to improve the intelligence of the CIA, after admonishing the CIA for lying, and providing no evidence weeks after her allegation, Pelosi then said she has confidence in the intelligence community. [22]
Trip to China
Pelosi leaves the U.S. at a time when she is under verbal attack at home for her CIA comments. Her travel to China makes no mention of Chinese human right's but raised awareness for Global warming as a human rights cause. Less than a year ago, she was calling for America and for George W. Bush to boycott the Chinese Olympics for Tibet human rights abuses.
Trip to Syria
Pelosi traveled to Damascus, Syria in April 2007 to meet with Syrian Ba'athist leader Bashar Assad . Pelosi indicated at a press conference that she had carried a message from the government of Israel.  "Our message was President Bush’s message," Pelosi told The Associated Press in Portugal . [23] Pelosi told reporters the meeting "enabled us to communicate a message from Prime Minister Olmert".
The Israeli Prime Minister's office stated Olmert told Pelosi that Israel continued to regard Syria as "part of the axis of evil and a party encouraging terrorism in the entire Middle East." The Jerusalem Post reported sources at the Prime Minister's Office said, "Pelosi took part of the things that were said in the meeting, and used what suited her." [24]
The trip was praised by terrorists as "brave". Members of the Islamic Jihad have said Pelosi aligns to their views about terror much better than Bush and Dr. Condoleezza Rice. [25] Khaled Al-Batch, spokesman for Islamic Jihad , which along with Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades has taken responsibility for every suicide bombing in Israel for the past two years, expressed hope Pelosi and the Democratic Party will pressure Bush to create dialogue with Syria and Middle East "resistance movements" and prompt an American withdrawal from Iraq.
In the lead editorial of Thursday, April 5th, The Washington Post commented on "The Pratfall in Damascus": [26]
HOUSE SPEAKER Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) offered an excellent demonstration yesterday of why members of Congress should not attempt to supplant the secretary of state when traveling abroad. After a meeting with Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad in Damascus, Ms. Pelosi announced that she had delivered a message from Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that "Israel was ready to engage in peace talks" with Syria. What's more, she added, Mr. Assad was ready to "resume the peace process" as well. Having announced this seeming diplomatic breakthrough, Ms. Pelosi suggested that her Kissingerian shuttle diplomacy was just getting started. "We expressed our interest in using our good offices in promoting peace between Israel and Syria," she said.
Only one problem: The Israeli prime minister entrusted Ms. Pelosi with no such message. "What was communicated to the U.S. House Speaker does not contain any change in the policies of Israel," said a statement quickly issued by the prime minister's office. In fact, Mr. Olmert told Ms. Pelosi that "a number of Senate and House members who recently visited Damascus received the impression that despite the declarations of Bashar Assad, there is no change in the position of his country regarding a possible peace process with Israel." In other words, Ms. Pelosi not only misrepresented Israel's position but was virtually alone in failing to discern that Mr. Assad's words were mere propaganda. ...
Never mind that that statement is ludicrous: As any diplomat with knowledge of the region could have told Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Assad is a corrupt thug whose overriding priority at the moment is not peace with Israel but heading off U.N. charges that he orchestrated the murder of former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq al-Hariri. The really striking development here is the attempt by a Democratic congressional leader to substitute her own foreign policy for that of a sitting Republican president. Two weeks ago Ms. Pelosi rammed legislation through the House of Representatives that would strip Mr. Bush of his authority as commander in chief to manage troop movements in Iraq. Now she is attempting to introduce a new Middle East policy that directly conflicts with that of the president. We have found much to criticize in Mr. Bush's military strategy and regional diplomacy. But Ms. Pelosi's attempt to establish a shadow presidency is not only counterproductive, it is foolish.
Pelosi was roundly criticized from all quarters for making the trip.  The New York Post said, "the sad reality is that Pelosi is sending Assad the same message she and her Democratic colleagues in Congress have sent the terrorist insurgency in Iraq: Just wait until President Bush leaves office and a Democratic administration will hand you what you want on a platter [27] the Philadelphia Enquirer ran an editorial declaring Pelosi "was nuts" to visit Assad. [28]
Gay rights and abortion
Student Lila Rose has recently exposed several instances of illegal behavior by Planned Parenthood . [29] However, Pelosi still wanted $200 million for Planned Parenthood as part of the economic stimulus bill. [30] When asked to explain why this money would promote economic stimulus, Pelosi was never able to give a sensible answer and Planned Parenthood funding was dropped from the bill. [31]
Commenting on her erroneous understanding of the Catholic Church beliefs regarding conception, Nancy quips “And what I know is, over the centuries, the doctors of the church have not been able to make that definition. And St. Augustine said at three months. We don’t know.” [32] Archbishop Donald Wuerl rebuked her saying "From the beginning, the Catholic Church has respected the dignity of all human life from the moment of conception to natural death"
In the 2001 San Francisco Lesbian , Gay, Bisexual , Transgender Pride Parade Pelosi marched along with long time CPUSA [33] member and gay rights pioneer Harry Hay . [34] [35] A gay activist group calling itself the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), eulogized Hay as "the first to realize that the dream of equality for our community could be attained through visibility and activism". [36] An outspoken advocate of the North American Man-Boy Love Association NAMBLA , Hay regularly addressed NAMBLA conferences.  NAMBLA carries published material by Hay on its website dating back to 1984.  The ACLU defended NAMBLA against a $200 million lawsuit by parents of a 10 year old murder victim who claimed their sons’ killer was motivated by published material on NAMBLA’s website. [37] [38] Pelosi has taken $10,000 in campaign contributions from the Human Rights Campaign. [39]
Pelosi has made special rights for homosexuals a priority in the 109th Congress. [40] Several so-called Hate Crimes bills , or gay rights advocacy measures, have been introduced into the House which, according to Michael Marcavage of Repent America, could allow a homosexual to "claim emotional damage from hearing Scripture that describes his lifestyle as an abomination. [The homosexual] can press charges against the pastor or broadcaster who merely reads the Bible in public. The 'hater' can be fined thousands of dollars and even imprisoned". [41] On National Prayer Day 2007 Pelosi scheduled a vote on an alleged "Hate Crimes Bill".
Every year, the Folsom Street Fair takes place in her San Francisco district. The participants are from the gay and lesbian community. They are barely dressed and publicly expose themselves in depraved sex acts. In addition, crucifixes made into sex toys are sold on the street during the fair. [42] In 2007, the Fair mocked the 'Last Supper' image of Christians, with homosexuals in leather posing as Christ and the Apostles. Not a word of condemnation from Pelosi on the sacrilegious display.
Marc Sheppard of American Thinker has asked how can,
"one of the most outspoken advocates for unrestricted abortion in Congress -- with a perfect 100% rating from the radical pro-abortion group NARAL , -- maintain a straight face when declaring a concern for children? How can you vote NO to making it a crime to harm a fetus during another crime (Lacy and Conner’s Law - H.R.1997) and pretend to care about infants? How does anyone who voted against restricting interstate transport of minors for the purpose of abortion (H.R 748) or outlawing the barbaric infanticide which is partial birth abortion (H.R 3660) seriously proclaim that anything she does is “about children”. [43]
In defense of children in the mother's womb and the sanctity of Jesus in the host, a priest at the Saint's Peter and Paul Church in Nancy Pelosi's home district, Fr. John Malloy wrote a letter regarding her abortion stance and church services. The letter makes mention of her 100% rating with NARAL and her support for partial birth abortion. The last line says "...Nancy, do not receive the Eucharist when you attend Mass." [44]
Treatment of non-union workers
According to opensecrets.org, nearly half of Pelosi's assets are tied up in a Napa County, California vineyard called Zinfandel Lane.  Capitolnews.com has reported Pelosi only employs non-union laborers and does not provide health coverage for her workers.  In addition, it is believed illegal aliens have been exploited by Pelosi on the work farm, as well as a general question surrounding paying a basic livable wage for many of societies most vulnerable. [45]
CordeValle Golf Club and Resort
Nancy Pelosi has one of her largest investments in a private golf development partnership called Lions Gate Limited. The Santa Clara County Planning Committee approved a plan for them to build a 275-acre golf course 30 minutes south of San Jose, but only under strict conditions. They agreed to allow 60% public usage of the course and to abide by strict environmental rules, since a number of endangered species were present in the area. The club opened in 2000 and did very well, making $250,000 for each member and $400,000 for corporations. [46]
But then the Planning Commission took at look to see if the guidelines had been followed. First of all, only about a dozen non-members had been actually able to play on the course, a far cry from 60%. CordeValle had also set up obvious anti-public rules, such as requiring people to call seventy-two hours in advance and pay close to $300 for 18 holes. Upon investigation, the Commission learned that nonmembers would be told that the club was "full" and turned away even when the club was relatively empty. There were a series of public hearings on the matter and it was concluded that Lion's Gate was in clear violation of the agreement they had made [47] .
During the hearings, it was learned that Lion's Gate had also ignored many of the environmental regulations they were responsible for. The ponds that they needed to make in order to preserve two species of lizard and turtle were not built. And only one mandatory annual environmental report had been submitted in seven years [48] . In 2004, a county report complained that improperly abandoned wells and  urban pollutants from the resort were causing water quality degradation in the area. [49]
In 2003, the Pelosis and the development partnership finally hired some lobbyists and put a few government employees on the pay role. This caused the commission to cave and give up their fraud investigation as long as the course agreed to host a charity golf tournament for children. [50]
Bible Quoting
NBC correspondent Tom Brokaw, asked Pelosi when life begins. She replies "As an ardent, practicing Catholic , this is an issue that I have studied for a long time and what I know is, over the centuries, the doctors of the church have not been able to make that definition. And St. Augustine said at three months. We don’t know.” [51]
On Earth Day in 2008, Pelosi stated the following:  "The Bible tells us in the Old Testament, 'To minister to the needs of God's creation is an act of worship.  To ignore those needs is to dishonor the God who made us.'"  Pelosi has used the quote many times, often attributing it to Isaiah.  The verse is non-existent. [52]
Not necessarily a quote from the Bible however, she claims to know where good things come from. Barack Obama is "a leader God has blessed us with at this time." [53]
Iraq Statements
December 16, 1998, Pelosi's public comment " Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process."
Pelosi voted for Operation Iraqi Freedom , authorizing President Bush to invade Iraq.
By June 2005, Minority leader Pelosi had long since changed her position on Iraq and opposed the war along with fellow Democrats. She remarked of the liberation of 25 million Iraqis as a "grotesque mistake".
2008 Election Comments
On October 28, Nancy says "Elect us, hold us accountable, and make a judgment and then go from there. But I do tell you that if the Democrats win, and have substantial majorities, the Congress of the United States will be more bipartisan." Commenting on Pelosi Republican Mike Pence said, “As it’s been said before, I have an open mind but not an empty mind.” [54]
Memoir
Know Your Power: A Message to America's Daughters. She writes "If women can learn from me, it will make the honor of being Speaker of the House even greater." Currently, the majority rating is one star on Amazon.com and is doing poorly in sales, ranked at 1620 for a non-fiction memoir. [55]
See also
