Posted Jun 14, 2010, 7:50 am
Josh Israel & Aaron Mehta Center for Public Integrity
Who has funded the ascent of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi? A prominent trial lawyer, his graphic-designer wife, an IBM heiress turned healing-touch practitioner, a land developer, and a savings and loan magnate comprise the top five individual donors throughout Pelosi's career, while eight labor unions, the National Association of Realtors, and JPMorgan Chase lead all political action committee contributors to the California Democrat.
The rankings emerged from the Center for Public Integrity's examination of CQ MoneyLine data on Pelosi's contribution records for both campaign accounts and leadership PACs, stretching back to her initial federal race in 1987. The Center's probe of Pelosi's finances marks the fourth in a series of pieces on top donors to congressional leaders.
When Pelosi won a June 1987 special election to represent California's Fifth (now Eighth) Congressional District, her campaign cost about $1 million. The daughter and sister of former Baltimore mayors only narrowly won her primary (35 percent to 31 percent) but easily won the general election with roughly 63 percent of the vote. In 11 elections since, her San Francisco-based district re-elected her with at least 70 percent every time. With little electoral opposition, Pelosi didn't ramp up her fundraising again until 1999, when she began a campaign for Congressional leadership and established PAC to the Future, a leadership political action committee. It distributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to her Democratic colleagues, and they elected her Democratic whip in 2001, minority leader in 2002, and the first female speaker of the House in 2007.
Pelosi's strong financing backing from labor unions corresponds closely with her fiercely pro-labor voting record. The AFL-CIO's scorecards indicate 100 percent support from Pelosi for their legislative priorities in 2008 and 2009, and (as of the end of 2008) a 95 percent lifetime score for the speaker.
Dating back to the dawn of her House career, Pelosi "seemed likely to develop a prominent role in Congress, and it made sense for unions to demonstrate early and continuing support," said Congressional expert Thomas E. Mann of the Brookings Institution. And it paid off — one labor union leader told the Center, "Anything that's benefited working families, she's supported." Congressional scholar David Karol of the University of California, Berkeley, also noted that Pelosi was mentored by lawmakers with close ties to labor, including her predecessors in the seat, Phil and Sala Burton.
Not surprisingly, labor ties have not always endeared her to the business community. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce gives Pelosi just a 26 percent lifetime score. And Patrick Semmens, spokesman for National Right to Work (which fights against "compulsory unionism"), told the Center that "Congresswoman Pelosi has repeatedly put union boss power grabs ahead of the rights of individual employees and the well-being of the economy. Those giveaways are worth billions to Big Labor, so it's hardly surprising to see that union officials are her most reliable contributors."
Of the nearly $20 million Pelosi has raised for her committees since 1987, more than $10.4 million came from individuals and more than $8.8 million came from other political committees. In all, the top ten institutional supporters kicked in at least $1.2 million of Pelosi's funds, nearly 14 percent of her all-time PAC total. The top five individuals alone contributed more than $240,000 to Pelosi's committees, about 2.3 percent of her overall individual total.
Jennifer Crider, political director for Pelosi, explained the contributions by noting: "Many Americans have supported Speaker Pelosi's leadership, share her vision for the country, and her focus on the issues most important to Americans: the education of our children, the health of their families, and the security of our communities."
Concerned about keeping quality reporting alive in Tucson?
A metro area of nearly 1 million deserves a vital & sustainable source of news that's independent and locally run.
Support TucsonSentinel.com with a contribution today !
Correction 6/16/10:  An earlier version of this story erroneously listed the Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees (BMWE), an affiliate of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, as the largest career PAC contributor to Pelosi. The error occurred as a result of FEC filings by a Teamsters PAC that listed the BMWE as the PAC’s affiliated committee. Those contributions should have been attributed generally to the Teamsters, making them the largest career contributor. A spokesman for the Teamsters confirmed to the Center that the Teamsters and
Reprinted by permission of The Center for Public Integrity .
- 30 -
