Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi is claiming she knows something about Republican…
Pelosi on a President Gingrich: 'That will never happen,' I know ‘something’  
ALIYAH SHAHID
Wednesday, January 25, 2012
It's looking like all-out war between Nancy Pelosi and Newt Gingrich.
The California Congresswoman is ripping the Republican presidential candidate, arguing there is no way he'll assume office — cryptically adding she knows "something" that will prevent him from getting the GOP nomination.
"Let me just say this. That will never happen," she told CNN Tuesday night when asked about the possibility of a President Gingrich. "He's not going to be President of the United States... Let me just make my prediction and stand by it, it isn't going to happen."
When asked why she was so sure, the Democrat oddly said, "There is something I know. The Republicans, if they choose to nominate him that's their prerogative. I don't even think that's going to happen."
Gingrich hit back at Pelosi on Wednesday morning, arguing she lives in a "San Francisco environment of strange fantasies," when asked about her claim.
"I have no idea what's in Nancy Pelosi's head. If she knows something, spit it out. Tell us what it is. I have no idea what she's talking about," he told NBC's "Today."
It was just in 2008 that the two now-former House Speakers filmed a friendly ad together, sitting side-by-side on a couch urging U.S. leaders to take immediate action on climate change.
Last month, Pelosi repeated her ominous claim that she has secret information, telling Talking Points Memo that she had "major dirt" on Gingrich that could dash his White House dreams. She said she would unveil thousands of pages stemming from an ethics committee investigation "when the time's right."
Pelosi's latest statements come as polls show Gingrich and rival Mitt Romney neck-and-neck in Florida, just days ahead of the state's critical primary.
According to a Quinnipiac University survey released Wednesday, Romney accrued 36% support among likely Sunshine State GOP voters, compared to 34% for Gingrich. They are essentially tied as the results fall into the margin of error of plus or minus 5.3 points.
FEATURED ARTICLES
