How much does Nancy Pelosi make?
$35.5 Million
Tweet
Nancy Pelosi is an American politician, with the net worth of $35.5 million. Nancy Pelosi earned her net worth as a U.S. Representative from California’s 8th District and the current House Minority Leader. She was elected to the position of Speaker of the House in 2007, a post she held until 2011. This position made her the highest-ranking female politician in US history. Pelosi was born in Baltimore, Maryland on March 6th, 1940. From 2002 to 2003, she served as the House Minority Whip, and was House Minority Leader from 2003 to 2007. Pelosi is a member of the Democratic Party. She was elected as the Democratic Leader, by House Democrats, on November 17, 2010, making her the Minority Leader in the Republican-controlled House for the 112th Congress.
How much does a Senator make?
Pelosi is of Italian-American descent. Her father, Thomas D’Alesandro Jr., was a Democratic U.S. Congressman from Maryland, and a Mayor of Baltimore. Pelosi’s brother, Thomas D’Alesandro III., also a Democrat, was mayor of Baltimore from 1967 to 1971. He declined to run for a second term. She graduated from Trinity College in Washington DC, with a B.A. in political science. She married American businessman Paul Pelosi, who was the owner of the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League, in 1963. They have five children and eight grandchildren. The Pelosi’s currently reside in the Pacific Heights neighborhood of San Francisco. Nancy is very active in the Italian-American community, serving as a board member of the National Organization of Italian American Woman, as well as, serving for 13 years as a board member of the National Italian American Foundation (NIAF). The NIAF gave her a Special Achievement Award for Public Advocacy in 2007 and she continues to be involved in the foundation today. In addition to her political interests, Nancy and her husband also owned a large portfolio of San Francisco Bay Area real estate, as well as, a vineyard in St. Helena, California, which is valued between $5 million and $25 million.
Nancy Pelosi Net Worth
