By: FayPax
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) called House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) "mind-numbingly stupid" for suggesting that Republicans are attacking Attorney General Eric Holder in order to advance an agenda of voter suppression. “I’m telling you, this is connected,” Pelosi said during a news conference. “...
4 days ago
By: agb100
John Stewart of The Daily Show Explained FAST & FURIOUS in two sentences. Fast & Furious cannot be understood by Democrats and liberals even if an 1800 page trilogy were written to explain it. That is because they don't understand American English.    No matter what, so they assert, Fast & Furious is about racism. The ...
5 days ago
By: itobin53
House Republicans are going after Attorney General Eric Holder over documents surrounding a Mexican drug war program called "Fast and Furious." But Democrats say  it’s nothing more than a witch hunt to create anti-Obama sentiment five months before the 2012 elections.   House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the GOP ...
6 days ago
By: atomicsink
The heavily blue California congressional district 8 which has not elected a Republican since 1951 is currently represented by Nancy Pelosi.  She is so confident in the security of the seat that she sends most of her campaign funds to other Democrats.  As in 2010, Republican John Dennis is challenging her to represent the district. &...
22 days ago
By: northsunm32
  Mitt Romney's Bain Capital is a firm that Democrats love to hate. There is a bit of irony in this because the figures for contributions show that actually Bain capital prefers Democrats to Republicans!  Doug Henwood of the Left Business Observer in an article points out that 72 per cent of contributions have gone to ...
about 1 month ago
By: arusha-shah
When Hannity questioned Williams about the fact that President Obama and Nancy Pelosi have both praised the Occupy movement, despite the violence at times associated with it, Williams said, “I don’t think they’re praising what you think they’re praising, Sean.” Williams argued any of the violence associated ...
about 1 month ago
Jim Matheson becomes first Democrat to back placing Eric Holder in ...
Washington : DC : USA | 1 day ago
The Terry family, the public and Congress deserve answers," said Matheson, according to The Salt Lake Tribine. "Sadly, it seems that it will take holding the attorney general in contempt to ...
Fast and Furious - the Witch Hunt
Mexico City : Mexico | 6 days ago
Bush was president, federal law enforcement officials came up with a spectacularly dumb idea: Allow powerful firearms purchased in the United States to walk across the Mexico border, where authorities ...
Commerce secretary resigns for health reasons
Commerce : CA : USA | 7 days ago
Commerce Secretary John Bryson has resigned, telling President Obama he's doing so for health reasons, according to a statement obtained by CNN. Bryson was under investigation for possible felony hit-...
CCRKBA says Obama administration ‘Trying to Hide Blood on Hands'
Bellevue : WA : USA | 7 days ago
WA President Obama's claim of executive privilege to prevent Congressional access to documents relating to Operation Fast and Furious smacks of monumental hypocrisy and looks like an attempt to cover ...
Nancy Pelosi News Stories
Some Dems keep Obama far away
News Source: Politico                      | about 4 hours ago
The glare of the White House race is forcing vulnerable Democrats to choose between their president and their political future. As many as two dozen Democrats may vote Thursday to hold Barack Obama's attorney general in contempt of Congress.
Holder faces House contempt vote on gun probe
News Source: Reuters                      | about 9 hours ago
Attorney General Eric Holder delivers remarks to the Boys and Girls Club of America in Washington June 26, 2012...Attorney General Eric Holder faces a contempt vote by the House of Representatives on Thursday in a dispute involving a botched gun-
Contempt vote on Holder still on
News Source: CNN                      | about 16 hours ago
49 PM EDT, Wed June 27, 2012 Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. House will proceed with a vote Thursday on holding Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for withholding documents involving the failed Fast and Furious weapons crackdown ,
