Limbaugh Reacts to Supreme Court Ruling: The IRS Has Just Become Obama’s Domestic Army
Over the weekend, Hawaii experienced an invasion of powerful, Democratic politicians seeking over-the-top Christmas vacation experiences.
First came President Obama’s extravagant getaway — a Hawaiian escapade that at least one estimate claims will amount to $4,113,038 (the family’s beach-front home rental is said to cost up to $3,500 per day). Now, there’s House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and her allegedly lavish holiday getaway.
Nancy Pelosi
The former Speaker of the House apparently spent her Christmas at the Four Seasons Resort Hualalai at Historic Ka’upulehu in Kona (on the Island of Hawaii). According to the Hawaii Reporter, the powerful politician spent the past two Christmases staying in a suite at the resort that costs $10,000-per-night. It is, of course, important to note that Pelosi paid for this herself (there’s no indication at all that government funds were used).
In case you’re wondering just how one-percenty this high-end resort can get, here’s a description  that highlights all of the glories one can expect upon checking in:
“Gloriously revitalised, this natural tropical paradise offers more than ever to explore – with a newly expanded Spa, beachfront dining, fashion boutiques and new Deluxe Suites, in addition to Jack Nicklaus signature golf. Set on the Big Island’s exclusive Kona-Kohala Coast, this showpiece resort captures the essence of Hawaiian design, culture and tradition.”
The Hawaii Reporter has more about Pelosi’s past Christmas trips and political allies in Hawaii:
Pelosi has her share of allies in Hawaii, including Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie, who she defended during his successful campaign for governor in 2010. When Democratic Gubernatorial Candidate Mufi Hannemann claimed during the primary that Abercrombie was not effective in Congress, Pelosi issued a statement calling Abercrombie “outstanding, effective and courageous.”
Pelosi has been escorted by local police during her last two holiday visits to Hawaii Island at a cost of $34,000 to local taxpayers.
We’ll leave you with a few pictures from the resort, to give you an idea about what the surroundings look like:
hawaii-pelosi
