Who Sucks?
Name: R.P.
Complaint: UPDATE: Nancy Pelosi, in a teary-eyed press conference on September 17, 2009, announced her fears that the current political climate will turn violent with the implication that it is the Republicans she fears. Then she remarked about the killing of Harvey Milk and George Moscone on November 27, 1978 in San Francisco. What Nancy Pelosi conveniently and deliberately did not include in her teary-eyed speech was the fact that the man who killed Moscone and Milk, Dan White, was a REGISTERED DEMOCRAT! So far, every major news media outlet has also conveniently and deliberately left out that same tidbit of information.
Her speech: “I have concerns about some of the language that is being used because I saw — I saw this myself in the late ’70s in San Francisco, this kind of — of rhetoric was very frightening and it gave — it created a climate in which we — violence took place,” Pelosi said.
“And so I wish that we would all, again, curb our enthusiasm in some of the statements that are made, understanding that — that some of the people — the ears it is falling on are not as balanced as the person making the statement might assume,” she said.
“But, again, our country is great because people can say what they think and they believe, but I also think that they have to take responsibility for any incitement that they may cause.”
Nancy Pelosi, a liberal Democrat from California and the current Democrat Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, sucks. Who elected this woman? I hope they are happy with their decision.
Besides lying to the entire country regarding her and her fellow Democrats first 100 days controlling Congress, Nancy Pelosi has been nothing short of a disgrace to both her country and her office.
Giving a disgustingly partisan speech by the House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, a Democrat, during a September 29, 2008 debate of the current Wall Street crisis, she blamed George Bush for the crisis, claiming "reckless economic policies", "fiscal irresponsibility" and an "anything goes economic policy" for the crisis.
John Boehner, the Republican minority leader, said after the failed vote that "I do believe we could have got there today, had it not been for this partisan speech the Speaker gave. The Speaker had to give a partisan voice that poisoned our conference."
Nancy Pelosi should resign her position immediately. All she does is cause dissension and place blame for everything on George Bush. In her world, every time the Democrats fail it is the fault of George Bush. Her reign as the House Speaker has been an absolute disaster. She has led the current 110th Congress to the absolute lowest point in United States history.
A few quotes from the Nancy Pelosi speech of Septmber 29, 2008:
"[W]hen was the last time someone asked you for $700bn? It is a number that is staggering, but tells us only the costs of the Bush administration's failed economic policies — policies built on budgetary recklessness, on an anything-goes mentality, with no regulation, no supervision, and no discipline in the system."
"Democrats believe in the free market, which can and does create jobs, wealth, and capital, but left to its own devices it has created chaos."
"Democrats insisted that legislation responding to this crisis must protect the American people and Main Street from the meltdown on Wall Street. The American people did not decide to dangerously weaken our regulatory and oversight policies. They did not make unwise and risky financial deals. They did not jeopardise the economic security of the nation. And they must not pay the cost of this emergency recovery and stabilisation bill."
"Today we will act to avert this crisis, but informed by our experience of the past eight years with the failed economic leadership … We choose a different path. In the new year, with a new Congress and a new president, we will break free with a failed past and take America in a new direction to a better future."
Nancy Pelosi apparently has absolutely no idea how to close that venomous hole she calls her mouth. Liberal Democrats become more hateful, and spiteful, by the day, and Nancy Pelosi is the decided leader of the pack. I'm surprised whe doesn't just join Code Pink . If anyone has ever wondered why the 110th Congress is the biggest loser do-nothing Congress in the history of the United States Congress it is simply because Nancy Pelosi chooses to spew rhetoric at every opportunity. I guess she thinks it makes her look good to ultra-liberal groups like MoveOn.Org , but the end result is a divided House. I wouldn't vote for anything she just insulted me about, especially when she's not being truthful in the first place. She is clearly trying to lay the blame for the current financial crisis on the Republican party, when it has ALWAYS been Democrats who have formulated and pushed legislation requiring lenders to loan money to people who cannot afford to pay it back.
Beginning with the 95th United States Congress and signed into law by former President Jimmy Carter in 1977 the Community Reinvestment Act was a result of liberal Democrat pressure for affordable housing, despite considerable opposition from the mainstream banking community. The bill encouraged mortgage lending through two government sponsored enterprises, the Federal National Mortgage Association, commonly known as Fannie Mae, which enables mortgage companies, savings and loans, commercial banks, credit unions, and state and local housing finance agencies to lend to home buyers, and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, commonly known as Freddie Mac, which buys mortgages on the secondary market and sells them as mortgage-backed securities on the open market. The act also required the Federal Reserve System to implement the Community Reinvestment Act through ensuring banks and savings and loans met their liberal lending obligations by giving loans to people who would not normally qualify for a loan.
Nancy Pelosi didn't mention that it was a Democrat Congress and a Democrat President who created Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, both institutions which are directly responsible for the current market meltdown, or that since 1977 Democrats have PREVENTED each and every Republican attempt to regulate either agency. She was essentially trying to blame George Bush for a mess that belongs SOLELY to the Democrat party.
Research the the Community Reinvestment Act and liberal political organizations such as ACORN . Don't take my word for it, find out for yourself.
Nancy Pelosi has essentially destroyed Congress' ability to operate in any way, after making many pie-in-the-sky promises at election time.
For example, on April 19, 2006 (then) minority leader Nancy Pelosi, D-CA, issued a press release stating: “Democrats have a plan to lower gas prices…join Democrats who are working to lower gas prices now.” Democrats have been in power for more than two years now, and gas prices have gone up, not down. All under the direction of Nancy Pelosi and a Democrat led Congress.
Another example would be when Speaker-Elect Nancy Pelosi, D-CA, attended a press conference on May 9, 2007 stating: “We’ll make this Fourth of July energy independence day..." In reality, House members departed for the Fourth of July  without passing energy independence legislation of any kind.
Speaker-Elect Nancy Pelosi, D-CA, issued a press release on November 16, 2006 stating: “This leadership team will create the most honest, most open, and most ethical Congress in history”. Almost two years later her leadership has garnered the 110th Congress the lowest public satisfaction ratings in the history of the United States House of Representatives.
Most people should remember that, as one of Nancy Pelosi's first acts as Speaker of the House, she went to visit Syria against the wishes of the White House. As a Democrat, she felt it was her job to display to the world her anti-Bush stance and her party's willingness to make deals with terrorist states.
She traveled to Syria and made promises on behalf of Israel which she was not authorized to make. Israel, understandably, became upset over her univited intrusion into their affairs. Syria also became upset. The result of Nancy Pelosi's grand foreign relations trip to Syria was that she left the situation worse than it was before her intervention.
In addition to leading her Congress to such dismal public satisfaction ratings, Nancy Pelosi's new book, Know Your Power: A Message to America's Daughters, is currently ranked an extremely low No. 14,391, down considerably from its debut at No. 869 on Amazon.com. I guess America's daughters don't much care for Nancy Pelosi's message.
Nancy Pelosi is nothing more than a typical Democrat. That is to say that she is a disgraceful liar who has and will continue to say anything to get elected and further continue to underperform and undermine the very nation she has sworn to serve and protect.
Nancy Pelosi Sucks
