Nancy Pelosi: ‘Step Aside’ Say Growing Number of Democrats
By Stacy
After a thorough shellacking in the mid-term elections, some Democrats that remain in the House are looking for new leadership outside of Nancy Pelosi. ‘Step aside’ is the call from these dissenters, but the former Majority Leader has already announced her intent to lead the minority. Get the full story, and see photos and video below!
Rep. Heath Shuler (D-NC 11th District), a former pro football quarterback, doesn’t have enough votes to topple the speaker, but says he will challenger her if she does not concede her position. Shuler was one of a minority of Democrats who voted against the healthcare bill.
Rep. Shuler protested that the “entire House was pushed farther and farther away from moderate viewpoints” and was “too far left” on key legislation, and that’s the reason he’s asking that Nancy Pelosi step aside.
“There’s a growing number of people in the caucus saying, ‘Why’s she running for minority leader in the first place?’ We just got thumped in this election in a major way, and to act like we can just go back and do the same thing over again. It just seems like a very obvious situation when change is called for,” said Rep. Jim Matheson of Utah.
As the numbers stand now, even if the speaker doesn’t have the full support of the Democrats, there is no other candidate that would be able to pool enough votes to overthrow her leadership. Rep. George Miller of California, who still supports her, says the calls for her removal are exaggerated.
“There has always been in the caucus and there always will be in the caucus people who want to distance themselves from the leadership. That’s not new. I think that’s a very small percentage.”
While her leadership of the party in Congress has assisted in achieving some monumental milestones , it has at the same time contributed to alienating moderate Democratic support. In fact, there are even Democratic candidates calling for her removal because she is hurting their chances at re-election! What do you think should be the next move for Nancy Pelosi? Step aside? Or keep her position ? What would be better for the Democratic Party? Let me know your thoughts in the comment section after you check out the pictures and video below!
Carrie Devorah
