« What does Newt Gingrich owe two donors for keeping his prez dream alive, Chapter II | Main | Democratic leaders sue, say controller had no power to withold pay »
Nancy Pelosi predicts Newt Gingrich will never be president
On CNN tonight, House minority leader Nancy Pelosi, D-San Francisco, made what most political observers say is a pretty safe prediction: the Newt will never sit in the Oval Office.
When pondering Pelosi’s cryptic line, “There’s something I know,” recall that Pelosi sat on the House Ethics Committee when it reprimanded Gingrich in a 7-1 vote, which included a 3-1 vote by the committee’s Republicans. Pelosi pointed out this history way back in December , providing a link to the Ethics Commitee report, while Mitt Romney is just taking it up now.
Gingrich was the only House Speaker ever reprimanded by the committee and was fined $300,000. That would buy a lot at Tiffany’s.
Here’s the interview with CNN’s John King:
“KING: Because of your history with Speaker Gingrich, what goes through your mind when you think about the possibility, which is more real today than it was a week or a month ago, that he would be the Republican nominee and that you could come back here next January or next February with a President Gingrich?
PELOSI:  Let me just say this.  That will never happen.
KING:  Why?
PELOSI:  He’s not going to be president of the United States.  This is — that’s not going to happen.  Let me just make my prediction and stand by it.  It isn’t going to happen.
KING:  Why are you so sure?
PELOSI:  There’s something I know.  The Republicans, if they choose to nominate him, that’s the prerogative.  I don’t even think that’s going to happen.”
King played the now ridiculous-looking ad of Pelosi and Gingrich happily endorsing a battle against climate change. Gingrich, also on the program, tried to explain, saying he was against cap-and-trade all along. “I think that particular ad was a mistake,” he said, calling it one of the dumbest things he’s ever done. (Fact Check?)
In case you missed it, here’s Nancy and Newt, immemorial.
Pelosi said Gingrich’s attempt to explain the ad by saying it was a mistake to sit with her was “vintage Gingrich.” She said, “It’s just like him to project it on everyone else….It’s not that he was on the couch with me. It’s that he was on the couch,” talking about climate change, something he now runs from.
