Nancy Pelosi: Illegal Alien Employer?
By Joe Guzzardi on October 13, 2006 at 1:00am
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is much in the news as the 2006 elections enter     the home stretch.
But not as much as she     should be, given her vulnerability on illegal immigration.
Pelosi, the always smirking     super-liberal from California's 8th Congressional     District is one of the desperate Republicans' most valuable assets.
"Vote Republican," GOP candidates from coast to coast urge, "Or we may get Pelosi as Speaker ."
Even more frightening,     candidates do not hesitate to point out, Pelosi would stand just second in line , behind the Vice President , to succeed to the White House.
And to the patriotic immigration reform community , few names raise     hackles as quickly or as high as Pelosi's.
VDARE.COM contributor Don     Collins recently pointed out (despite being a Democrat, like me) that Pelosi     ranks dead last in Congressional immigration voting. Hence     Pelosi's combined F-/F grade at Americans for Better Immigration for both her career and her     most recent immigration votes.
More grating is that Pelosi     has consistently flaunted her open-borders bias even when the smarter course would be for     her to remain silent…or at least subdued.
Even her peers consider     Pelosi a blabbermouth, according to a recent Time magazine article, " Anyone     Knows Not To Mess With Me." [     By Perry Bacon Jr, September     4, 2006]
Who can forget that in 2003     Pelosi went to bat for Mexico, illegal immigrants and Wal-Mart     all in one statement? In response to alien round-ups at the retail giant, she said that the "terrorizing raids" would end when workers in all     sectors of the economy were legalized.
The kicker: Pelosi     delivered her remarks from Mexico. She was there sucking up to President Vicente     Fox, along with a team of like-minded Congressional colleagues     Representatives: David Hobson (R-OH); Ciro Rodriguez (D-TX), Chairman of the Congressional     Hispanic Caucus; Sam Farr (D-CA); Hilda Solis (D-CA); and Linda Sanchez (D-CA)!
But the complete Pelosi     story is even uglier.
Pelosi sits near the top of     the list of wealthy Congressmen . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Pelosi and her husband have     amassed a fortune approaching $55 million—much of it from real     estate development and Napa Valley vineyard ownership. (Take a     few moments to peruse the C.R.P. list to find out how much money     your local representatives have in the bank.)
And it is a near certainty     that part of her and her husband's wealth is derived from     illegal immigrant labor. Their vineyards use non-union labor to pick grapes and sell those grapes to non-union wineries. Read the various Internet blogs on the     subject—including our friends the Lone Wacko and Flopping Aces .
Take it from someone who     just this morning walked though a Lodi, CA. vineyard with his dogs —illegal aliens work in those fields.
Under normal political     circumstances—that it, a true Republican in the White House     against a thorn-in-the side Democrat—the best way to get rid of     Pelosi would be to influence constituents to vote her out of     office by backing her Republican challenger.
Pelosi is, after all, up     for re-election in November. She is opposed by three-time     chairman of the San Francisco Republican Party and solid     anti-illegal immigration candidate, Mike DeNunzio.
DeNunzio on illegal immigration/ Pelosi :
"We can end illegal immigration with secure borders and fair     rules for citizenship, including a strict guest worker program.     Nancy Pelosi supports ' sanctuary     cities' like San Francisco that flout the law and create a magnet for illegals. We should honor those immigrants who played by the rules and contributed to our nation, not reward those who broke the law. "
DeNunzio is in every other way a natural candidate for the White House     to support. He backs Bush on things I don't: the Iraq War,     national defense, tax cuts, homeland defense, private social     security accounts, energy and health care. 
If Bush weren't such a RINO he could turn the Pelosis' hiring of illegal immigrants     for her personal gain over to his hatchet man Karl Rove to do some serious dirt-digging and mud-slinging.
Rove could lead a non-stop campaign similar to the one currently waged     against ex-Congressman Mark Foley to expose Pelosi as a criminal     who exploits illegal aliens for personal gain.
Things for Pelosi would quickly turn white-hot…if only Bush would come     to his senses about immigration.
Since the Eighth District is solidly Democratic—in 2004 Pelosi won     against a token opponent with 84 percent of the vote—even heavy     financial backing from the Republican Party might not be enough     put DeNunzio over the top. ( Spending     to date for 2006: Pelosi $1.2 million, DeNunzio, $71,000)
But, since, according to the Federal Election Commission website , Republican committees have raised $104 million more     than Democrats, it could easily send DeNunzio say $1 million to     bring him on cash par with Pelosi.
So—yesterday I spoke to DeNunzio to ask him what assistance the RNC had given him.
DeNunzio told me that he had traveled to Washington, D. C. to meet with     party leaders—and that he specifically requested that the party     did not give him any money, since he felt that it would be more     advantageous to help "competitive races" in the effort to "prevent Pelosi from becoming Speaker."
I guess this self-sacrifice is understandable, at least from the point     of view of a party chairman. The GOP is a tight corner.     Incumbent Pelosi is vulnerable…but on the one issue that Bush refuses to address intelligently .
By default then, Bush is stuck with Pelosi as House Minority leader—and     that's if he gets lucky in November.
Joe Guzzardi [ e-mail him] is the Editor of VDARE.COM Letters to the Editor.     In addition, he is an English teacher at the Lodi Adult School and has     been writing     a weekly newspaper column since 1988. This column is exclusive     to     VDARE.COM.
