Boehner compares federal government to a ‘cocaine addict’ [VIDEO]
June 22nd, 2012
Addressing the House Republicans’ stance on increasing taxes, House Speaker John Boehner compared raising additional revenues for the government to supplying a drug addict with more cocaine.  (more)
Milton Wolf: Holder is Contempt-able!
June 22nd, 2012
Nancy Pelosi says that she could have had Karl Rove arrested when ever she wanted, while Eric Holder runs guns to Mexico. Milton Wolf examines the latest developments in ongoing Fast and Furious scandal.  (more)
Pelosi: Republicans ‘going after’ Holder are part of a ‘scheme to suppress the vote’ [VIDEO]
June 21st, 2012
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that House Republicans attempting to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress are part of a “nationwide scheme to suppress the vote.”  (more)
Rove responds to Pelosi’s threats: She ‘sounds like a mad Red Queen’
June 21st, 2012
Karl Rove, the former senior adviser to President George W. Bush, said Thursday that House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi sounded “like a mad Red Queen” when she claimed she could have “arrested” him “on any given day” when she was the House speaker.  (more)
Pelosi rips Holder contempt charges: ‘I could have arrested Karl Rove on any given day’
June 20th, 2012
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi attacked House Republicans for pursuing contempt of Congress charges against Attorney General Eric Holder on Wednesday.  (more)
Pelosi to McCain: ‘Really sad’ to say security leaks were ‘politically motivated’ by White House [VIDEO]
June 7th, 2012
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi fired back at Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain for claiming that the “highest levels” of the Obama administration leaked sensitive national security information regarding a potential cyber attack on Iran.  (more)
Pelosi nostalgic for George W. Bush [VIDEO]
June 6th, 2012
WASHINGTON — During a Wednesday talk at an event honoring her 25 years of service in the House of Representatives, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi highlighted some of her favorite and most memorable moments, largely concentrating on achievements made with George W. Bush and making no mention of anything she was proud of or accomplished with President Barack Obama.  (more)
Nancy Pelosi: ‘This is a government of the plutocracy’ [VIDEO]
June 6th, 2012
WASHINGTON — On Wednesday, the day after the Republican Gov. Scott Walker defeated a union-driven recall challenge in Wisconsin, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said that the current United States government is a “plutocracy.”  (more)
Pelosi gives Senate Democrats who pay women less a pass, scolds companies
May 31st, 2012
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Thursday condemned companies that pay women less than men, but was unwilling to condemn Senate Democrats who pay their female staffers less than male staffers, saying that the Senate is “another world.”  (more)
Pelosi parts from Obama on Bush tax rates, urges extension for those making under $1M
May 24th, 2012
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi just pulled her caucus well to the right of President Obama, as she dramatically broadened the scope of her proposal for extending the Bush-era tax cuts.  (more)
San Francisco to rename street in honor of Nancy Pelosi
May 21st, 2012
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi will receive a special recognition Monday afternoon: a San Francisco street named in her honor.  (more)
Boehner: Obama wanting debt limit hike with no cuts ‘almost took my breath away’ [VIDEO]
May 18th, 2012
President Obama “almost” took House Speaker John Boehner’s “breath away” by announcing his support for a debt limit increase with no spending cuts in a meeting with congressional leaders.  (more)
Pelosi to Boehner: ‘Immature,’ ‘Irresponsible’ to cut spending more than debt limit increase [VIDEO]
May 17th, 2012
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi labeled House Speaker John Boehner’s position on the debt limit “immature” and “irresponsible.”  (more)
Pelosi: ‘Our agenda on women’ has been ‘strong’ [VIDEO]
May 16th, 2012
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi did not see the CBS/New York Times poll showing former Gov. Mitt Romney ’s lead over President Obama among women voters but said the Democratic party’s “agenda on women” has been “a strong one.”  (more)
Pelosi avoids Fast and Furious, fails to vote with Democrats demanding accountability
May 11th, 2012
House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi of California is openly choosing to neither defend nor criticize Attorney General Eric Holder’s failure to comply with a congressional subpoena into Operation Fast and Furious .  (more)
