7.1 Articles
Early life and career
Pelosi was born in Baltimore, Maryland. The youngest of six children, she was involved with politics from an early age. Her father, Thomas D'Alesandro, Jr. , was a U.S. Congressman from Maryland and a Mayor of Baltimore . Her brother, Thomas D'Alesandro III , also a Democrat, was mayor of Baltimore from 1967 to 1971, when he declined to run for a second term. Pelosi graduated from Institute of Notre Dame , a Catholic all-girls high school in Baltimore, and from Trinity College (now Trinity Washington University ) in Washington, D.C. in 1962. Pelosi interned for Senator Daniel Brewster (D-Maryland) alongside future House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer . [2] She met Paul Frank Pelosi (b. April 15, 1940 in San Francisco, California ) [3] while she was attending Trinity College. [4] They married in a Catholic church on September 7, 1963. After the couple married they moved to New York, and then to San Francisco in 1969, where his brother, Ronald Pelosi was a member of the City and County of San Francisco 's Board of Supervisors . [5] After moving to San Francisco, Pelosi worked her way up in Democratic politics. She was elected as party chairwoman for Northern California on January 30, 1977.  She later joined forces with one of the leaders of the California Democratic Party, 5th District Congressman Phillip Burton . In 1987, after her youngest child became a high school senior, she decided to run for political office. Pelosi is a board member of the National Organization of Italian American Women . [6] Pelosi lives in the Pacific Heights neighborhood of San Francisco.
Family
Pelosi has five children: Nancy Corinne, Christine , Jacqueline, Paul , and Alexandra , as well as seven grandchildren. Alexandra, a journalist, covered the Republican presidential campaigns in 2000 and made a film about the experience, Journeys with George . In 2007, Christine published a book, Campaign Boot Camp: Basic Training for Future Leaders. [7] Her husband Paul is also the owner of the San Francisco Rockfish .
Financial status
The Pelosi family has a net worth of nearly $19 million as of 2007, largely from investments. In addition to their large portfolio of jointly owned San Francisco Bay Area real estate, the couple also owns a vineyard in St. Helena, California , valued at $5 million to $25 million. Pelosi's husband also owns stock, including $5 million in Apple Computer . Pelosi continues to be among the richest members of Congress. [8]
Congressional career
Phillip Burton died in 1983 and was succeeded by his wife, Sala . In late 1986, Sala became ill with cancer and decided not to run for reelection in 1988. She picked Pelosi as her designated successor, guaranteeing her the support of the Burtons' contacts. [9] Sala died on February 1, 1987, just a month after being sworn in for a second full term. Pelosi won the special election to succeed her, narrowly defeating San Francisco Supervisor Harry Britt on April 7, 1987, then easily defeating Republican candidate Harriet Ross on June 2, 1987; Pelosi took office a week later. [10] [11] She has the distinction of contributing the most among members of Congress to other congressional campaigns because she is in a safe district and does not need the campaign funds. [12] Pelosi represents one of the most pro-Democratic Party districts in the country. Democrats have held the seat since 1949, and Republicans , who currently make up only 13 percent of registered voters in the district, have not made a serious bid for the seat since the early 1960s. Pelosi has kept this tradition going. Since her initial victory in 1987, she has been re-elected 11 times, receiving at least 75% of the vote. She has not participated in candidates' debates since her 1987 race against Harriet Ross. [13] In the House, she served on the Appropriations and Intelligence Committees, and was the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee until her election as Minority Leader. [14]
Democratic Party leadership
In 2001, Pelosi was elected the House Minority Whip , second-in-command to Minority Leader Dick Gephardt of Missouri . She was the first woman in U.S. history to hold that position. Since then, she has campaigned for candidates in 30 states and in 90 Congressional districts, making her a vital factor for the Democratic Party.[  ] In 2002, after Gephardt resigned as minority leader to seek the Democratic nomination in the 2004 presidential election , Pelosi was elected to replace him, becoming the first woman to lead a minority and major party in the House. [15]
Defeating Social Security privatization
Shortly after winning re-election, President George W. Bush claimed a mandate for an ambitious second-term agenda that would include the privatization of Social Security . [16] Pelosi strongly opposed the privatization of Social Security, and as minority leader imposed intense party discipline on her caucus, leading them to near-unanimous opposition of Bush's proposal. [17] With a unified Democratic Party pushing against the President's plan, Social Security privatization was defeated. [18]
Blocking of impeachment proceedings against Bush
In the wake of George W. Bush's reelection in 2004, several leading House Democrats believed that Democrats should pursue impeachment proceedings against the president . They asserted that Bush had misled Congress about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , and had violated the civil liberties of Americans by authorizing wiretaps without a warrant . In May 2006, with an eye on the upcoming Congressional elections—which offered the possibility of Democrats taking back control of the House for the first time since 1994—Pelosi told colleagues that, while the Democrats would conduct vigorous oversight of Bush administration policy, an impeachment investigation was "off the table". (A week earlier, she had told the Washington Post that, although Democrats would not set out to impeach the president, "you never know where" investigations might lead.) [19] After becoming Speaker of the House in January 2007, Pelosi held firm against impeachment, notwithstanding strong support for that course of action among constituents in her home district. In the November 2008 election, Pelosi withstood a challenge for her seat by antiwar activist Cindy Sheehan , who ran as an independent primarily because of Pelosi's refusal to pursue impeachment. [20]
Speaker of the House
Democratic nomination and election as Speaker
On November 16, 2006, Pelosi was unanimously chosen as the Democratic candidate for Speaker, effectively making her Speaker-elect. While the Speaker is elected by the full House membership, in modern practice the election is a formality, since the Speaker always comes from the majority party. Pelosi supported her longtime friend, John Murtha of Pennsylvania , for the position of House Majority Leader , the second-ranking post in the House Democratic caucus. His competitor was House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer of Maryland , who had been Pelosi's second-in-command since 2003. [21] Pelosi and Hoyer had a somewhat frosty relationship dating back to 2001, when they ran against each other for minority whip. However, Hoyer was elected as House Majority Leader over Murtha by a margin of 149-86 within the caucus. [22] On January 3, Pelosi defeated Republican John Boehner of Ohio with 233 votes compared to his 202 votes in the election for Speaker of the House. [23] She was nominated by Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , the incoming chairman of the House Democratic Caucus, and sworn in by her longtime friend, John Dingell of Michigan , as the longest-serving member of the House traditionally does.
Pelosi (right) with Vice President Dick Cheney behind President George W. Bush at the 2007 State of the Union Address making history as the first woman to sit behind the podium at such an address. President Bush acknowledged this by beginning his speech with the words, "Tonight, I have a high privilege and distinct honor of my own — as the first President to begin the State of the Union message with these words: Madam Speaker". [24]
With her election, Pelosi became the first woman, the first Californian and the first Italian-American to hold the Speakership. She is also the second Speaker from a state west of the Rocky Mountains . The first was Washington 's Tom Foley , the last Democrat to hold the post before Pelosi. In her speech to Congress she stated:
"I accept this gavel in the spirit of partnership, not partisanship, and look forward to working with you on behalf of the American people. In this House, we may belong to different parties, but we serve one country." [25]
During her speech, she discussed the historical importance of being the first female to hold the Speaker's position:
"This is a historic moment — for the Congress, and for the women of this country. It is a moment for which we have waited more than 200 years. Never losing faith, we waited through the many years of struggle to achieve our rights. But women weren't just waiting; women were working. Never losing faith, we worked to redeem the promise of America, that all men and women are created equal. For our daughters and granddaughters, today, we have broken the marble ceiling . For our daughters and our granddaughters, the sky is the limit, anything is possible for them". [25]
She also spoke on Iraq as the major issue facing the 110th Congress while incorporating some Democratic Party beliefs:
"The election of 2006 was a call to change — not merely to change the control of Congress, but for a new direction for our country. Nowhere were the American people more clear about the need for a new direction than in Iraq. The American people rejected an open-ended obligation to a war without end." [25]
As Speaker, Pelosi is still the leader of the House. However, by tradition, she does not normally participate in debate (though she has the right to do so), and almost never votes on the floor. She is also not a member of any House committees. Pelosi was re-elected Speaker in 2009.
The "Hundred Hours"
Main article: 100-Hour Plan
Prior to the U.S. 2006 midterm elections , Pelosi announced a plan for action: If elected, she and the newly-empowered Democratic caucus would push through most of its program during the first hundred hours of the 110th Congress' term. [26] Later she said this referred to business hours rather than clock time, and began on the Tuesday (January 9, 2007) after the swearing-in ceremony on January 4.[  ] The origin for the name "first hundred hours" is a play on words derived from former Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's promise for quick action on the part of government (to combat the Great Depression ) during his "first hundred days" in office. Newt Gingrich , the former Speaker of the House, had a similar 100-day agenda to implement the Contract with America .
Opposition to Iraq War troop surge of 2007
Main article: Iraq War troop surge of 2007
On January 5, 2007 reacting to suggestions from President Bush's confidantes that he would increase troop levels in Iraq (which he announced in a speech a few days later) Pelosi joined with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to condemn the plan. They sent Bush a letter saying, "[T]here is no purely military solution in Iraq. There is only a political solution. Adding more combat troops will only endanger more Americans and stretch our military to the breaking point for no strategic gain. ... Rather than deploy additional forces to Iraq, we believe the way forward is to begin the phased redeployment of our forces in the next four to six months, while shifting the principal mission of our forces there from combat to training, logistics, force protection and counter-terror." [27]
2008 Democratic National Convention
Pelosi was named Permanent Chair of the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado . [28]
Foreign policy
2007 trip to Israel and Syria
Pelosi was one of seven American lawmakers to participate in a 2007 Mideast tour — with Keith Ellison (D-MN), Henry Waxman (D-CA), Tom Lantos (D-CA), Louise Slaughter (D-NY), Nick Rahall (D-WV), and David Hobson (R-OH) — that included stops in Israel , Syria , [29] the Palestinian territories , Lebanon , and Saudi Arabia . Three Republican congressmen — Frank Wolf , Joe Pitts and Robert Aderholt — met with Syrian President Bashar Assad earlier. Pelosi had the opportunity to address the Israeli Knesset where she expressed concern "that the new (Hamas-Fatah) Palestinian government , some of the people in the government, continue to remain committed to the existence of Israel". An Israeli spokeswoman said Pelosi would convey "that Israel is willing to talk if they (Syria) would openly take steps to stop supporting terrorism" in order to be "a partner for negotiations". The delegation talked "extensively" with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert about a relaunched 2002 Saudi peace plan with Israel, which Olmert welcomed as a "new way of thinking, the willingness to recognize Israel as an established fact and to debate the conditions of the future solution", but expressed reservations over the plan and invited Arab leaders to discuss them. The delegation met with the families of the three kidnapped Israeli soldiers during the visit and Pelosi said she planned to raise the issue when she met with Assad. At a press conference after her meeting with Assad, Pelosi said that she had conveyed a message from Olmert to Syrian President Assad saying that Olmert was ready to negotiate for peace. Olmert's office later clarified what he had actually told Pelosi, saying that "although Israel is interested in peace with Syria, that country continues to be part of the axis of evil and a force that encourages terror in the entire Middle East". [30] Sources at the Israeli Prime Minister's Office at the time said that, "Pelosi took part of the things that were said in the meeting, and used what suited her". [31] The Bush Administration disapproved of Syria's backing of Hamas and Hezbollah and says Syria is destabilizing Lebanon 's government as well as fueling Iraq's violence by allowing Sunni insurgents to operate from its territory. Syrian officials have been implicated in the 2005 assassination of former Lebanese premier Rafik Hariri in Beirut , and the U.S. subsequently withdrew its ambassador. Pelosi still holds out hope for a peaceful solution, stating that "the road to Damascus is a road to peace. All they need are a few Starbucks on the way". [32] Later, in Saudi Arabia , Pelosi met with King Abdullah . Pelosi visited the Shura Council, the kingdom's unelected advisory council, and raised the issue of Saudi Arabia's lack of female politicians with Saudi officials. [33]
People's Republic of China
On March 21, 2008, Pelosi criticized the People's Republic of China for its handling of the unrest in Tibet and called on "freedom-loving people" worldwide to denounce China. [34] She was quoted as saying, "The situation in Tibet is a challenge to the conscience of the world", while addressing a crowd of thousands of Tibetans in Dharamsala, India. [34] She however did not call for a boycott of the 2008 Summer Olympics that were held in Beijing . [35] On October 24, 2008, Pelosi commended the European Parliament for its "bold decision" to award the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to Chinese dissident and human rights activist Hu Jia . Pelosi's statement read, "I call on the Chinese government to immediately and unconditionally release Hu Jia from prison and to respect the fundamental freedoms of all the people in China." [36]
Colombia
Pelosi publicly scolded Colombian President Álvaro Uribe during Uribe's May 2007 state trip to America. Pelosi met with Uribe and later released a statement that she and other members of Congress had "expressed growing concerns about the serious allegations" of links between Paramilitary groups and Colombian government officials. [37] Pelosi also came out against the Colombian free trade agreement. [38]
Cuba
Pelosi voted in favor of keeping the travel restrictions on American citizens to Cuba, until the President has certified that Cuba has released all political prisoners , and extradited all individuals sought by the U.S. on charges of air piracy, drug trafficking and murder. [39]
Iran
In a February 15, 2007 interview, Pelosi noted that Bush consistently said he supports a diplomatic resolution to differences with Iran "and I take him at his word". At the same time, she said, "I do believe that Congress should assert itself, though, and make it very clear that there is no previous authority for the president, any president, to go into Iran". [40] [41] On January 12, 2007, Congressman Walter B. Jones of North Carolina introduced a resolution [42] requiring that—absent a national emergency created by an attack, or a demonstrably imminent attack, by Iran upon the United States or its armed forces—the President must consult with Congress and receive specific authorization prior to initiating any use of military force against Iran. [43] This resolution was removed from a military spending bill for the war in Iraq by Pelosi on March 13, 2007. [44]
Armenian Genocide / Turkey
In mid-October 2007, after the House Foreign Affairs Committee passed a resolution to label the 1915 killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks as genocide, Pelosi pledged to bring the measure to a vote. [45] The draft resolution prompted warnings from President Bush and fierce criticism from Turkey, with Turkey's prime minister saying that approval of the resolution would endanger U.S.-Turkey relations. [46] After House support eroded, the measure's sponsors dropped their call for a vote, and in late October Pelosi agreed to set the matter aside. [47]
Use of government aircraft
In March 2009, the New York Post wrote that the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch obtained emails sent by Pelosi's staff which requested that the United States Air Force (USAF) provide specific aircraft - a Boeing 757 - for Pelosi to use for taxpayer-funded travel. [48] [49] [50] Pelosi responded that the policy was initiated by President Bush due to post- 9/11 security concerns (Pelosi is second in line for presidential succession ) and was initially provided for the previous Speaker, Dennis Hastert . The Sergeant at Arms requested, for security reasons, that the plane provided be capable of non-stop flight, requiring a larger aircraft. The Pentagon said "no one has rendered judgment" that Pelosi's use of aircraft "is excessive." [51]
Political positions and voting record
This section may contain wording that    without imparting verifiable information. Please remove or replace such wording, unless you can cite    that support the characterization.
Pelosi is regarded as a liberal . She consistently receives high ratings from liberal lobbying groups such as Americans for Democratic Action and People for the American Way , [52] and she has a lifetime rating of 3 from the right-leaning American Conservative Union . [53] During the 2004 and 2006 election cycles, Republicans frequently used the prospect of a " San Francisco liberal " or "Bay Area liberal" becoming Speaker to address Ms. Pelosi.[  ] She was a founding member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , but left in 2003 after being elected Minority Leader. Among Pelosi's Democratic colleagues, she is considered to be far less liberal than portrayed.[  ] Her longtime friend, Jim McDermott of Washington, told Newsweek that he and other left-leaning Democratic congressmen sometimes wish that "she would tilt a little more our way from time to time". During the 2006 campaign, corporate consultants suggested that the Democrats portray themselves as a party that governed for all.[citation needed] As Speaker, Pelosi has tried to focus more on economic than social issues. [54] In San Francisco, Pelosi is seen as being a moderate and sometimes[  ] even a conservative rather than a liberal, which has led to some conflicts with her constituents,[  ] particularly with anti-war activists. [55] [56] Nonetheless, she has never faced a serious challenger in the Democratic primary or from the Green Party , which is competitive in local elections. On September 2, 2008, she visited Hiroshima , Japan , for a G8 summit meeting of lower house speakers and offered flowers in Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park for the victims of the 1945 atomic bombing . While many world leaders have visited Hiroshima over the years, she is the highest-ever sitting U.S. official to pay her respects. [57]
Abortion
Pelosi voted against the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003 and earlier attempts at similar bans. [58] She voted in favor of the 1998 Abortion Funding Amendment, which would have allowed the use of district funds to promote abortion-related activities, but would have prohibited the use of federal funds. [58] She has also voted in favor of using federal funds to perform abortions in overseas military facilities, against parental notification when a minor is transported across state lines for an abortion, and in favor of providing funding for organizations working overseas that promote or perform abortions and abortion-related activities. [58] In February 2009, Pelosi met with her bishop, Archbishop George Niederauer of San Francisco, and with Pope Benedict XVI to discuss her position on abortion. [59] [60] The Catholic News Service reported that the Pope rebuked Pelosi for her position. [61]
Bailouts
Pelosi favors the federal bailout of the banks and the auto industry. [62] [63]
Budget, taxes, and monetary policy
Pelosi voted against the 1995 Balanced Budget Proposed Constitutional Amendment , which was passed by the House by a 300-132 vote, but in the Senate fell two votes short of the 2/3 supermajority required (with 65 out of 100 Senators voting in favor). [64]
Civil liberties
The ACLU 's Congressional Scorecard has given Pelosi a lifetime rating of 93% for her voting record on civil liberties. [65] In 2001, she voted in favor of the USA Patriot Act but voted against reauthorization of certain provisions in 2005. [66] She voted against a Constitutional amendment banning flag-burning [67] and against a Congressional resolution supporting the display of the Ten Commandments in courtrooms. [68]
Contraception
In a January 25, 2009 interview with George Stephanopoulos for ABC News , Pelosi said, "Well, the family planning services reduce cost. They reduce cost. The states are in terrible fiscal budget crises now and part of what we do for children's health, education and some of those elements are to help the states meet their financial needs. One of those - one of the initiatives you mentioned, the contraception, will reduce costs to the states and to the federal government." [69]
Education
Pelosi voted for the No Child Left Behind Act , which instituted testing to track students' progress and authorized an increase in overall education spending. [70]
Environment and energy
President George W. Bush and Pelosi honor 300 Tuskegee Airmen at the Capitol building, March 2007
Pelosi has supported the development of new technologies to reduce U.S. dependence upon foreign oil and ameliorate the adverse environmental effects of burning fossil fuels. [71] Pelosi has widely supported conservation programs and energy research appropriations. She has also voted to remove an amendment that would allow for oil and gas exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . [72] Pelosi has blocked efforts to revive offshore oil drilling in protected areas, reasoning that offshore drilling could lead to an increase in dependence on fossil fuels. [73]
Health care
Speaker Pelosi has voted to increase Medicare and Medicaid benefits. [74]
Immigration
Pelosi voted against the Secure Fence Act of 2006 . [75]
Iraq War
In 2002, Pelosi opposed the Iraq Resolution authorizing President Bush to use military force against Iraq, [76] while stating that Iraq, like "other countries of concern", had WMD's. [77] In explaining her opposition to the resolution, Pelosi noted that Central Intelligence Agency Director George Tenet had told Congress that the likelihood of Iraq's Saddam Hussein launching an attack on the U.S. using weapons of mass destruction was low. "This is about the Constitution", Pelosi said. "It is about this Congress asserting its right to declare war when we are fully aware what the challenges are to us. It is about respecting the United Nations and a multilateral approach, which is safer for our troops." Despite Pelosi's opposition, Congress still passed a resolution authorizing President Bush to use the Armed Forces of the United States against Iraq. [78]
Israel
Pelosi reaffirms that "America and Israel share an unbreakable bond: in peace and war; and in prosperity and in hardship". [79] Pelosi emphasized that "a strong relationship between the United States and Israel has long been supported by both Democrats and Republicans. America's commitment to the safety and security of the State of Israel is unwavering,...[h]owever, the war in Iraq has made both America and Israel less safe." Pelosi's voting record shows consistent support for Israel. Prior to 2006 elections in the Palestinian Authority, she voted for a Congressional initiative disapproving of participation in the elections by Hamas and other organizations defined as terrorist by the legislation. She agrees with the current U.S. stance in support of land-for-peace. She has applauded Israeli "hopeful signs" of offering land, while criticizing Palestinian "threats" of not demonstrating peace in turn. She states, "If the Palestinians agree to coordinate with Israel on the evacuation, establish the rule of law, and demonstrate a capacity to govern, the world may be convinced that finally there is a real partner for peace". [79] During the 2006 Lebanon War , Pelosi voted in favor of Resolution 921 on the count that "the seizure of Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah terrorists was an unprovoked attack and Israel has the right, and indeed the obligation, to respond". She argues that organizations and political bodies in the Mideast like Hamas and Hezbollah "have a greater interest in maintaining a state of hostility with Israel than in improving the lives of the people they claim to represent". Pelosi asserts that civilians on both sides of the border "have been put at risk by the aggression of Hamas and Hezbollah" in part for their use of "civilians as shields by concealing weapons in civilian areas". [80] In September 2008, Pelosi hosted a reception in Washington with Israeli Knesset speaker Dalia Itzik , along with 20 members of Congress where they toasted the "strong friendship" between Israel and the United States. During the ceremony, Pelosi held up the replica dog tags of the three Israeli soldiers captured by Hezbollah and Hamas in 2006 and stated that she keeps them as a "symbol of the sacrifices made, sacrifices far too great by the people of the state of Israel". [81] [82]
Kuwait and the Gulf War
Pelosi opposed U.S. intervention to liberate Kuwait during the 1991 Gulf War. [83] [84]
Marriage and Sexual Orientation
Pelosi received a 100% rating from the Human Rights Campaign for the 107th , 108th , and 109th sessions of Congress , indicating that she voted in agreement with HRC's slate of pro-gay legislative issues. [85] In 1996 she voted against the Defense of Marriage Act , [86] and in 2004 and 2006, she voted against the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment , which would amend the United States Constitution to define marriage federally as being between one man and one woman, thereby overriding states' individual rights to legalize gay marriage . [87] [88] When the Supreme Court of California overturned the state's ban on same-sex marriage , Pelosi released a statement welcoming the "historic decision." She voiced her opposition to Proposition 8 , the successful ballot initiative , which defined marriage in California as a union between one man and one woman. [89]
Lobbyist guidelines and ethics issues
Pelosi introduced the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act to Congress.[  ]
Marijuana legalization
Pelosi supports reform in marijuana laws. [90] She also supports use of medical marijuana. [91]
Military draft
Pelosi and House Minority Whip (now Majority Leader) Steny Hoyer meeting with President George W. Bush on November 9, 2006
In regard to Representative Charles Rangel's (D-NY) plan to introduce legislation that would reinstate the draft, Pelosi stated that she did not support such legislation. [92]
Minimum wage
As Speaker of the House, she also spearheaded the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 as part of the 100-Hour Plan . The Act raises the minimum wage in the United States and the territories of the Northern Marianas Islands and American Samoa . American Samoa was initially absent from the act, but as part of HR 2206 it was included. One Republican congressman who voted against the initial bill accused Pelosi of unethically benefiting Del Monte Foods (headquartered in her district) by the exclusion of the territory, where Del Monte's StarKist Tuna brand is a major employer. [93] Pelosi co-sponsored legislation that omitted American Samoa from a raise in the minimum wage as early as 1999, prior to Del Monte's acquisition of StarKist Tuna in 2002. [94] As of the 2002, 2004, and 2006 election cycles, Del Monte has not contributed to Democratic candidates. [95]
Syria
Pelosi supports the Syria Accountability Act and Iran Freedom and Support Act . In a speech at the AIPAC 2005 annual conference, Pelosi said that "for too long, leaders from both parties haven't done enough" to put pressure on Russia and China who are providing Iran with technological information on nuclear issues and missiles. "If evidence of participation by other nations in Iran's nuclear program is discovered, I will insist that the Administration use, rather than ignore, the evidence in determining how the U.S. deals with that nation or nations on other issues." [96]
Waterboarding and CIA controversy
Pelosi officially opposes the interrogation technique of waterboarding . [97] According to the CIA, while Pelosi was the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , she was told about enhanced interrogation techniques , including waterboarding authorized for a captured terrorist, Abu Zubaydah. [98] [99] [100] in one hour-long briefing in 2002. After the briefing, Pelosi said she "was assured by lawyers with the CIA and the Department of Justice that the methods were legal." [101] Two unnamed former Bush Administration officials say that the briefing was detailed and graphic, and at the time she didn't raise substantial objections [102] . One unnamed U.S. official present during the early briefings said, "In fairness, the environment was different then because we were closer to September 11 and people were still in a panic. But there was no objecting, no hand-wringing. The attitude was, 'We don't care what you do to those guys as long as you get the information you need to protect the American people.' " However, several top Democratic lawmakers in the House signed a letter on 26 June, 2009 alleging that CIA Director Leon Panetta had asserted that the CIA misled Congress for a "number of years" spanning back to 2001, casting more clouds on the controversy. [103] Neither letter, lawmakers or the CIA provided details and the murky circumstances surrounding the allegations make it hard to assess the claims and counterclaims of both sides. [104] Officials in Congress say her ability to challenge the practices was hampered by strict rules of secrecy that prohibited her from being able to take notes or consult legal experts or members of her own staffs. [105] In an April 2009 press conference, Pelosi stated, "In that or any other briefing…we were not, and I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation techniques were used. What they did tell us is that they had some legislative counsel -- the Office of Legislative Counsel opinions that they could be used, but not that they would. And they further -- further, the point was that if and when they would be used, they would brief Congress at that time" [106] [107] Pelosi's office stated that she later protested the technique and that she concurred with objections raised by Democratic colleague Jane Harman in a letter to the C.I.A. in early 2003. [97]
Welfare reform
Pelosi opposed the welfare reform proposed by then-President Bush as well as reforms proposed and passed under President Clinton. [108] [109]
On President Bush
In mid-July 2008, two days after President George W. Bush stated that Congress was ineffective and said, "This is not a record to be proud of, and I think the American people deserve better", [110] Pelosi responded by calling the president "a total failure, losing all credibility with the American people on the war, on the economy, on energy, you name the subject" and that Congress had been "sweeping up after his mess over and over and over again". [110]
Electoral history
Main article: Electoral history of Nancy Pelosi
Pelosi's only close race so far has been the special election to succeed Sala Burton's seat after her death in February 1987. In the special election's Democratic primary, Pelosi narrowly defeated San Francisco Supervisor Harry Britt , considered the more "progressive" candidate, with 36 percent of the vote to his 32 percent. [9] [111] In the runoff against Republican candidate Harriet Ross, Pelosi received more than a 2 to 1 majority of cast votes in a turnout that comprised about 24% of eligible voters. [112] Since then, Pelosi has enjoyed overwhelming support in her political career, collecting 76 and 77 percent of the vote in California's 5th congressional district for the 1988 and 1990 Race for U.S. House of Representatives. In 1992, after the redistricting from the 1990 Census , Pelosi ran in California's 8th congressional district , which now covered the San Francisco area. She has continued to post landslide victories since, dropping beneath 80 percent of the vote only twice. [113]
Footnotes
This article's citation style may be unclear. The references used may be made clearer with a different or consistent style of   ,   , or   .
(September 2008)
^ http://www.whorunsgov.com/Profiles/Nancy_Pelosi
^
Jonathan Weisman and Lois Romano (November 16, 2006). " Pelosi Splits Democrats With Push For Murtha ". Washington Post. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/11/15/AR2006111501521.html . Retrieved on 2006-11-16.
 
^ Date of birth found on the California Birth Index 1905-1995, under Pelosi, Paul Frank, on April 15, 1940 in San Francisco.
