Post a comment
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, last month, suggested that five hundred million people in the United States are losing their jobs every month in order to sell her stimulus bill. Remarkable, considering that there are only three hundred three million Americans.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi clearly meant that five hundred thousand Americans are losing their jobs every month and not five hundred million. But considering Ms. Pelosi's tendency to exaggerate, one might be forgiven for wondering.
The five hundred million unemployed American gaffe might go without much mention, but it comes against a backdrop of a growing sense of irritation inside the House Democratic caucus, especially the moderate Blue Dogs, with the way Speaker Nancy Pelosi is running the House. If Rep. Jim Cooper is to be believed, that irritation is being stoked by none other than President Barack Obama.
Since there is not a lot of daylight between Barack Obama's and Nancy Pelosi's politics, the question arises as to why Obama is doing this. The answer comes from how the House version of the stimulus package was written and passed. Nancy Pelosi and a few selected members of the Democratic House leadership, including Chairman of the Appropriations Committee David Obey, wrote the bill without outside input and then rammed it through without a single Republican vote.
According to Hotair's Ed Morrissey :
"The joke Cooper references says that people should treat a particular group of people - I've heard reporters and management among them - like mushrooms: feed them BS and keep them in the dark. Cooper accuses Pelosi and his party's leadership of doing just that in this interview. At one point, he says that Pelosi and her clique "live in fear" that their members will actually start reading the bills Pelosi & Co shove down their throats."
That would be bad enough. But then, as the stimulus bill has been wending its way through the Senate, more and more embarrassing provisions, pork barrel spending, transfer payments, and other things that are not, strictly speaking, simulative, have come to light. Public support for the stimulus package has plummeted, as has Barack Obama's job approval numbers, albeit the latter from god-like to just pretty good.
Barack Obama might be forgiven if he has come to the conclusion that if further embarrassments are to be avoided and more of his agenda can get done, Nancy Pelosi will have to go as Speaker. It is ironic that while Republican lawmakers are praising Barack Obama's "bi-partisanship", Obama's main problem in Congress is the Democratic Speaker, more apt to pursue her own agenda than to be a team player. If Nancy Pelosi does fall, there will be far more people than just Barack Obama who will appreciate it, and in a true bi-partisan manner.
Sources: Pelosi's 500-Million-Person Slip , Clemente Lisi, New York Post, February 4th, 2009
Published by Mark Whittington
Mark R. Whittington is a writer residing in Houston, Texas. He is the author of The Last Moonwalker, Children of Apollo, Dark Sanction, and Nocturne. He has written numerous articles, some for the Washington...   View profile
