Goldwater was slightly to the right of Rand Paul…
http://www.perceptionasreality.blogspot.com/ skoorbekim
acceptable terms for retarded in today’s world.
classy///
Barack Must Go
The same liberal chimps that have no problem with the Kenyan president’s attempt to impose a Northern European / banana republic hybrid form of government on America, destroying our representive republic democracy in the process, while simultaneously extolling the virtues of and championing muslim extremism & sharia law are vehemently opposed to ” real Americans, namely the Tea Party movement from stopping both Obama and his buddies in the islamic world from destoying America.Even using president Ronald Reagan’s name in vain, in the process.
Barack Must Go
The words “republican’ and “tea party’ are acceptable terms for retarded in today’s world.
Only in morally bankrupt liberal circles.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Bill-Adkins/1585417987 Bill Adkins
skoorbekim said:
Reagan backed Goldwater…Goldwater was slightly to the right of Rand Paul…
Oh, make no mistake – Goldwater would have  nothing to do with today’s GOP either.  Rand Paul isn’t ‘right’ or ‘left’ — he’s insane.
http://www.perceptionasreality.blogspot.com/ skoorbekim
Oh, make no mistake – Goldwater would have nothing to do with today’s GOP either. Rand Paul isn’t ‘right’ or ‘left’ — he’s insane.
Educate yourself about Barry Goldwater and get back to me…
And yes, Goldwater would have nothing to do with the Liberal wing of the GOP (they had those back in ’64 also)…
http://www.facebook.com/people/Bill-Adkins/1585417987 Bill Adkins
skoorbekim said:
Educate yourself about Barry Goldwater and get back to me…And yes, Goldwater would have nothing to do with the Liberal wing of the GOP (they had those back in ‘64 also)…
Sonny, I was there — my father backed Goldwater in ’64.  I say again, Goldwater nor Reagan would have nothing to do with the whackjobs of the Tea Party or Rand Paul.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Bill-Adkins/1585417987 Bill Adkins
Bill Adkins said:
Sonny, I was there — my father backed Goldwater in ‘64. I say again, Goldwater nor Reagan would have nothing to do with the whackjobs of the Tea Party or Rand Paul.
Damn! A double negative – ” I say again, Goldwater nor Reagan would have ANYthing to do with the whackjobs of the Tea Party or Rand Paul.”
lonestar77
“Take it back”?  That’s obviously hate-filled and racist.  There’s a not so subtle code in there.  Amy I right, Chris Matthews & Mediaite?
http://www.perceptionasreality.blogspot.com/ skoorbekim
Sonny, I was there — my father backed Goldwater in ‘64. I say again, Goldwater nor Reagan would have nothing to do with the whackjobs of the Tea Party or Rand Paul.
Read Goldawater, either Conscience of a Conservative or the biography by Jack Casserly…
they might change your view of political life…
Barack Must Go
The ” real ” American citizens: ‘ To The Creatures Who Inhabit The Black Lagoon, Please, I’m Beggin Ya, Take Back Your Auntie Nan ‘
newzmaker
Pelosi is such a clueless and  pitiful creature. The moment Obama allowed Pelosi and Reid, to define his presidency with a leftwing agenda,  Independents began slowly pulling away their support.  Independents, as usual, will decide the  next presidential race, and Obama has no chance of re-election, with the repulsive leftwing agenda of Pelosi/Reid.  If Obama has any intelligent advisors,  they will insist that Obama distance himself, totally, from Pelosi, Reid, and the other radical leftwingers. Moderate  Dems are the ones which must take their party back, from the leftwing extremists. Trump would be my  personal choice for president in 2012, and he just may win, especially if Obama keeps those old white deadweights,  Pelosi and Reid, on his team. Pelosi and Reid have to be thrown under the bus or it’s all over for Obama.
screwauger
This woman is retarded, or whatever is the acceptable term for retarded in today’s world.
She’s an Adult with Mental Retardation in my neck of the woods.
skyfet
The US has over 24 million “corporations”…
The smaller corporations, those with under 500 employees, employ over 52 million workers…
That is a lot of “corporatists”…
They were elected to represent the publics interest not that of the Corporatists.
skyfet
She’s an Adult with Mental Retardation in my neck of the woods.
Is that how you speak to your Mother?
billwhit1357
Pelosi is so delusional it’s Pathetic, just as she is a Pathetic Person!  Dang, she needs to make an appointment to get pumped with Botox again, that face looks like it is about to fall off!
Barack Must Go
How creepy, though appropriate when you really think about it,  is it that MEDIAite has it set for Nan to speak whether we ” real ” Americans want to hear her latest lies on not.
This song back from the Pelosi younger dayz sort of sums the Nanster up perfectly:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-4gAetwNkw
http://www.facebook.com/people/Frank-Kush/100000128002454 Frank Kush
What? Nancy is concerned about a ‘movement’ that is nothing more than astroturf?? The Dems SO underestimated the anger of Americans at their government…
Liberal Tormentor
Says the woman headlining a George Soros event.
kvon
Has someone mentioned George Soros yet?
kvon
Oh, yeah….now, let’s talk about Com-trails and how the moon landing was faked!
Because the most essential part of Conservatism is now adherence to conspiracy theories.
kvon
Has the Tides Foundation been mentioned yet?
kvon
Remember when Conservatives were more concerned with unnecessary corporate welfare than the differences between Certificates of Live Birth and Birth Certificates?
mibwilso
Pelosi was a tougher, more effective speaker than John Boehner will ever be.
mibwilso
Frank Kush said:
The Dems SO underestimated the anger of Americans at their government…
No, the Republicans so OVERestimated it.  They decided that people being upset about the economy and the deficit means they should ram a right-wing social agenda down everyone’s throats.
perceptorii
My response to Nancy Pelosi: WE HAVE.
BatBoy
To My Democrat Friends, Get out of the way…the grown ups have a big job to do to clean up your mess.
http://www.perceptionasreality.blogspot.com/ skoorbekim
They were elected to represent the publics interest not that of the Corporatists.
Define “corporatist”…
Do people who establish LLCs and S Corps count as “corporatists”?
How would you prefer that business,both large and small, organize themselves?
Are Communes the way to go?
Group Hug
Nancy, If you we’re to remove ones face from the Keister of George Soros’s long enough you might understand that your destructive style of government is not viewed as the  answer to America’s problem’s. We believe that this would be a more dynamic Country with less government. Gets some fresh air…. come jump in the ocean and swim in our pond for awhile. See how we live and enjoy our lives without your intrusive meddling. First oyster is on us! Just a thought.
Pablo
Oh, yeah….now, let’s talk about Com-trails and how the moon landing was faked!
Because the most essential part of Conservatism is now adherence to conspiracy theories.
What conspiracy theory?
Nice try Pelosi – like you have ever cared about bi-partisanship in solving the nations problems.
TO mibwilso re your comment:
No, the Republicans so OVERestimated it. They decided that people being upset about the economy and the deficit means they should ram a right-wing social agenda down everyone’s throats.
You’ve got that backwards, I believe it has been the Dems who have been doing the shoving, let’s not forget the past 2 years and the gobs of legislation that has been passed with nary a republican voice invited, and I not just talking about Obamacare.  The Tea Party was a direct result against the unrelenting political agenda the Dems and Obama have forced on America. If Pelosi is upset that Americans have decided to back a possible 3rd party or political ‘movement’ that now has become influential, then she has no one to blame but herself- she had a direct hand in creating it.
leftistvermin
“So that it doesn’t matter so much who wins the election”
What a brilliant political mind the botox bimbo is, yeah, winning elections shouldn’t matter to a political party.
catholic-citizen
Ms. Pelosi thinks she has republican friends? Delusional? No more delusional than presuming to lecture the Pope on Catholic doctrine.
This woman is just insane. She was the most vicious, spiteful, obnoxious, vile wretch ever to sit as Speaker. She accomplished nothing during her tenure – in fact she couldn’t even draft a budget!
catholic-citizen
Please let me amend my previous comment – she accomplished nothing positive….she managed to inflict a fair amount of damage, actually…..
Ardiva
Present day Republicans are NOT what the Republicans were in Pres. Dwight D. Eisenhower’s day. Instead the cons took over the Republican Party. They then launched an aggressive takeover of Eisenhower’s moderate Republican Party, opening up the ‘big tent’ to invite in groups that had previously been considered on the fringe. Archconservative neo-Christians who argue that the Bible should replace the Constitution, has emerged in it’s place.
I agree, Republican’s TAKE BACK YOUR PARTY and restore it to it’s former greatness.
http://Mediaite.com uggugg
Nancy Pelosi is right, the shared values of our political parties are not in line with values of the Super Rich which the Republicans and their cohort Tea Party Friends have aligned themselves with during the joint effort to correct the mistakes make during the past 10 years of one financial debacle after another created by profiteers with no moral standards to life by. This could eventually turn America into a 3rd worked country if left up to the INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS WORLD. The values instilled into us by our forefathers, the lives we have lost in our Military, the life long suffering of many of our Military Personal to keep America Prosperous for all of American is in jeopardy from International greed. We are not talking about millionaires; we are talking about billionaires and trillionaires.  Eventually they will succeed in BURY AMERICA IN DEBT, THEN OFFER TO BAIL AMERICA OUT OF DEBT ON THE CONDITON THEY ARE ALLOWED TO HOLD POLITICAL OFFICE TO RUN AMERICA TO BE SURE THEY GET THEIR MONEY BACK. This will permeate into a dictatorship worst then Communism or Hitler’s Rule. A CEO will be in charge of America with no negations. You will produce or be homeless. I don’t think there are enough naïve Americans to allow this to happen. Thank God. If you think it can’t happen, you are naïve. The only reason Industry has not taken over America yet is; we have a Military and they do not.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Dave-Templeton/1642703797 Dave Templeton
What make this old harpie think she has any friends, let alone Republican friends.  Oh by the way Nancy, the need to pay for the fuel and liquor bill from your air force jet perk!
andthehorseyourodeinon
billwhit1357 said:
Pelosi is so delusional it’s Pathetic, just as she is a Pathetic Person! Dang, she needs to make an appointment to get pumped with Botox again, that face looks like it is about to fall off!
One more face lift and she will have a goatee
andthehorseyourodeinon
Take it back from who you dumb biatch? That AstroTurf movement? The ONLY AREA OF OUR GREAT COUNTRY that we keep sending this twit back to Washington is the land of fruits and nuts northern California.
jrcmi
From the source article: “Pelosi was the guest for the inaugural Alan D. Solomont lecture.” Right-wing paranoia notwithstanding, George Soros was not involved in the event.
The media too often reduce elections to “horse races” while politicians too often reduce them to attack ads – rather than engaging in thoughtful discussions.  The polarization that these situations create is what Pelosi seems to be addressing.
Pelosi was an undeniably effective House Speaker.  She shepherded hundreds of pieces of legislation through the House – only to have Senate Republicans engage in an unprecedented number of filibusters to defeat them.
kvon said:
Remember when Conservatives were more concerned with unnecessary corporate welfare than the differences between Certificates of Live Birth and Birth Certificates?
That was before the corporate “welfare queens” BOUGHT the Republican Party.
skoorbekim said:
Define “corporatist”
From http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/corporatism : “[T]he organization of a society into industrial and professional corporations serving as organs of political representation and exercising control over persons and activities within their jurisdiction ” My definition of corporatists; the Republican/Tea Party . . . along with too many conservative Dems.
If you want to pledge allegiance to Koch Industries rather than the United States of America, that’s your choice – but don’t blame liberals when you wake up some morning and find that the Republic has disappeared.
“botox bimbo”
Thanks for proving that not all misogynists are MALE.  Sheesh.
Let’s see YOU when you’re hittin’ 70.  You’re not off to a good start.
“old harpie”
ANOTHER deep thinker – who can’t spell.
“the fuel and liquor bill from your air force jet perk!”
Pelosi’s district is on the opposite end of the country from D.C.  It was entirely appropriate for her to use a service that has been available to House speakers of both parties for many years.
Considering how much Merlot Boehner knocks back, knocking Pelosi is something you might want to think twice about – if you’ll pardon the overstatement.
eingriff
Nancy, dear, were I to take back my party, the first act would be to have the RINOs subpoena the original birth certificate of the White House mole and disclose that he has not disclosed his birth parents.
tatboy
Dumb bitch…
PC Kryptonite
My God what gall! “Take back YOUR party?”The Democrat party has been taken over by Marxist Alinskyite revolutionaries bent on a socialist agenda in creating a permanent dependency/slave class that will keep them in perpetual power to keep the benefits coming but they’re too stupid to realize it’s unsustainable, “yes we know socialism has never worked but that’s because we’ve never tried it, will do it right this time.” Yeah right!
All you need to know about Pelosi is when she was asked where in the Constitution do you get authority to shove Obamacare down the People’s throats? Her response is all you need to know, “are you serious, are you serious?” Yes you Marxist bitch we’re serious as a heart attack about saving our Republic!
http://www.facebook.com/people/Irene-Botfeld-Sigmund/1142573730 Irene Botfeld-Sigmund
So what you want is to have both parties have the same views on all the issues that matter so that your
vote means absolutely NOTHING. Phooey. You’re supposed to have choices between parties with different
ideas or else it’s just an oligarchy with the citizens unable to make a difference. These politicians that have been sitting in office for twenty, thirty or a trillion years just want to feather their own nests with no thought about what the voters want.
CAconservative
Nancy, Nancy, we’re just getting started dear! In case you haven’t noticed, your no longer relevant. And soon, Obimbo will be on the trash heap of history too!
X-3
Nancy Pelosi–the cocoanut with teeth–fears the Tea Party more each day.  You can always tell when a thing is getting to the libtards–they first try to marginalize it and then they attack it.  If the Tea Party can endure these attacks, they will put this country back on the right track again.  Proof:  Had it not been for the Tea Party, -0bama would never have caved in to reducing spending.
Rockycomet
Actually X he’s positioning himself for the election. “I didn’t want to do it but they threatened to shut the fed down so I had to go with it.” They will be putting the blame on the Tea’s and GOP when there is a backlash from the cuts.
Spike1
What’s with this racist crap ? every time someone disagrees with someone else the first thing that comes out of their mouth is he or she must be a racist. Can’t anyone have another opinion without being a racist. I didn’t vote for Obama because he is black, I didn’t really care for McCain either but, he did have more experience and was more active in government. I personally thought Alan Keys would have made a much better president than Obama, his line of thought was closer to mine. Often the best candidates are eliminated in the primaries due to popularity, not knowledge or experience. Like rock stars they have little substance other than entertainment.
MrTPar_taY
Nancy should convert to Islam! Does wearing a burqa require silence from the wearer as well?
http://www.facebook.com/people/Mark-Ward/100000135233619 Mark Ward
EX-speaker Pelosi (GOD, that sounds SO GOOD) – We ARE taking back OUR Republican Party!
That SAME “taking back OUR Republican Party” is what kicked YOUR butt out of the Speakers’ chair!
THE REASON, Ms. Pelosi, that we’re having these budget “battles” NOW – is because YOU and Harry Reid REFUSED TO DO YOUR JOB (that is, YOU didn’t BOTHER with a budget LAST YEAR [did you?])!
RedDee
Would someone please shut her up already!
Badger1911
“But the fact is that elections shouldn’t matter as much as they do”
Got some problems with a democratic process, Nancy? I thought your party called itself “Democrats”. Oh wait, that’s just a name. Means nothing, I know.
Elections matter. Live with it or move to North Korea. No nasty elections there.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Chris-May/100000487186431 Chris May
Taking back our party, that’s what we’re doing, you damn betcha!
We want to take a meat cleaver to the bloated government beast.
We want to drive evil socialist trash like the Pelosi cow right out of public life.
We want to smash everything she and people like her have done for the last eighty years.
We want to repeal three laws for every new one passed.
We want to fire bureaucrats summarily, by the hundreds of thousands, without pensions or benefits,  and dissolve entire Cabinet departments.
The Republicans can either bend to our will, or be replaced.
We care not a fig for what the Democrats do or think, because we mean to crush them utterly, along with all their dreams of socialist squalor that they have been working for since the Wilson administration.  It will be swept away like dust.  I promise you that you will not recognize the United States in fifteen years, but my great-grandfather would.
jjnyc
spoken like a true communist… socialist… facist… and any other label you want to label the high priestess…
X-3
Rockycomet said:
Actually X he’s positioning himself for the election. “I didn’t want to do it but they threatened to shut the fed down so I had to go with it.” They will be putting the blame on the Tea’s and GOP when there is a backlash from the cuts.
Hi Ya Rocky, haven’t heard from you in a while.
You are correct that Mr. -0bama is triangulating for reelection efforts and that is why his wife is out pretending to support veterans.
You are also correct that -0bama will blame ANYTHING he can get away with on the Tea Party and anyone else who opposes him.  I would be less than candid if I denied that “SOME” of the Republicans (OK, a good many of them) DESERVE some blame.
But, regardless of who might be at fault, pointing fingers will NOT help.  If anything, pointing fingers will only hurt.  We can no longer evade the FACT that the US is BROKE.  The credit card is maxed out and the revenues don’t meet the interest payments AND sustain Federal government as it exists today.
The idea that “cutting spending would be nice” is a fairy tale; cutting spending (that means downsizing government) is ESSENTIAL.  It WILL be painful, it WILL piss a lot of people off, but it MUST be done.
Hope you have a nice day!
Rockycomet
Good hearing from you X!
Bear in mind he most likely will not be carrying that message there are minions that can carry it for the left so he won’t get tagged by the right.
I won’t pretend to know what Michele’s motives may be but any attention brought toward veteran support has my thumbs up.
Those who point fingers should always start by pointing at themselves and asking “have I done enough and is it the right thing to do” but out misleaders don’t have that kind of self insight.
Blame can be assigned to many if not all our misleaders on both sides. I fully agree however blaming one another will not serve well. Realistic forward thinking and a solid bi-partisan effort while marginalizing the extremist on both sides will bring some success.
Not only is the USA broke but it is also broken when we have so much trouble getting on the same page together. Just reading some of the posts will give you a good idea how divisive we have become. I agree we will be making more very painful sacrifices before its better. If we don’t we will be consigned to the history books as a once great nation. If we succeed (which I hope happens) we will then have to ask “How do we keep from returning to the dung heap?” It’s difficult to get people to accept that the patient is terminal and we need to aggressively find the cure before it’s too late.
Hope we have many nice days to come!
Tedderman
No need to worry Nancy, the Returdlickan party is just as it was twenty years ago…..run by Dick Armey or “the Dick Army”(a.k.a. the tea-party) as it is now.
X-3
Rockycomet said:
Realistic forward thinking and a solid bi-partisan effort while marginalizing the extremist on both sides will bring some success.
I suppose the question is how does one define “realistic forward-thinking and solid bi-partisan effort while marginalizing the extremists on both sides.” What does it “look like?” From my perspective, I believe it “should” look like strict adherence to the Constitution, which limits the scope and involvement of government.  I’m a small government fan because I believe the impact of government on our lives should be minimal.  Not sure you would agree but I’m throwing that out there for your consideration.
Rockycomet
X-3 said:
I suppose the question is how does one define “realistic forward-thinking and solid bi-partisan effort while marginalizing the extremists on both sides.” What does it “look like?” From my perspective, I believe it “should” look like strict adherence to the Constitution, which limits the scope and involvement of government. I’m a small government fan because I believe the impact of government on our lives should be minimal. Not sure you would agree but I’m throwing that out there for your consideration.
I consider myself a centrist Republican. I believe in small government, strong military and individual rights. I believe that in a country of freedom there will be people with differing views from my own and remain open minded to others needs while not necessarily agreeing with them  and yet continue to offer them respect for their right to that difference in perspective. There are many people with their perspective in interpreting the Constitution and sometimes those views can be very scary. That is where realistic forward thinking and solid bi-partisan effort comes into the picture. We have in the past come to compromised agreements to solve the most difficult problems we have faced. We have achieved monumental accomplishment in this country and have set an example of what humanity can do when we set our minds to it. I recently reflected on this when I saw the Hoover Dam for the first time a couple of weeks ago. What a magnificent achievement and done during a very trying time for this country. We are a people who have landed man on the moon. What a spectacular success! What have we accomplished since then? We have become so divisive that we have become ineffectual at virtually anything. We have gotten involved in things and places we had no business doing so. Our government has spent us into near oblivion ending our ability to further create anything notable. Our misleaders in DC have lost perspective on what their job truly entails. The ultra rich have lost the understanding that they are so because of what opportunities this country has offered them and yet they find tax havens where ever they can. I believe in the flat tax for everyone and no loopholes for anyone or entity. Humanity is squandering resources while population becomes unsustainable. Extremism will serve nothing and will only further negative results
.
In the end we should be in a position to lead by example as we historically have done. We should by now have set up colonies on the Moon and on Mars for we are by nature an exploring and expansionist race. In doing so we achieve and put into view the values this country has. I may be a little to altruistic and seeking a utopia where none can exist but one must have hope I suppose.
I hope you won’t find my rambling to foolish and wish you well in days to come!
X-3
Rockycomet said:
I hope you won’t find my rambling to foolish and wish you well in days to come!
Hmmm….one of my comments was scrubbed yet no worse than the comment I responded to.  Bias on the part of our hosts?  Without doubt!
Your “ramblings” were not digressive in the least and certainly not foolish in my view.  In fact, I believe your observations to be fair and well-reasoned, but I fear my own views could be considered extreme:
Because of the crises we face, I believe we are living in times that demand some well thought out expediency, and “extreme” measures–if they should be defined as such–are all that are left to us.  The past decades of irresponsible governance make it so.  I’m not smart enough to necessarily know what those “extreme” measures should be, but I think I would recognize a suitable plan for a corrective course if I saw it.  By analogy, our country is in a situation similar to that individual who, after having put off many regular visits to the dentist now finds himself in need of a root canal.  It will undoubtedly be painful, but it is the only option.
In closing on this topic, I would advise anyone to be well-prepared for some trying times ahead.  As Epicticus said:  Animis opibusque parati.
Rockycomet
X-3 said:
Animis opibusque parati
Definition of ANIMIS OPIBUSQUE PARATI: prepared in mind and resources —one of the mottoes of South Carolina. It is not by any means extreme when using the analogy of a root canal. Now various amputations with no anesthetics now that is extreme.
X-3
Now various amputations with no anesthetics now that is extreme.
Dare we cut off the hand to save the arm?  Confucius
Nick
We are taking back the Republican Party from the war mongering, corporate fascist, Neo-Cons, like McCain, who stole it from us in the first place.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Lonnie-Smith/100000007816107 Lonnie Smith
I’m one pissed off ex-Republican. Politic-US-Circus   http://youtu.be/WYLx4NPYZow
http://www.facebook.com/people/Lonnie-Smith/100000007816107 Lonnie Smith
 Candidates running for public office should be put under oath before speaking
to constituents, therefore leaving them liable of mis-truths. lets call it,
” The oath of seeking public office “.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Lonnie-Smith/100000007816107 Lonnie Smith
read the Constitution and the oath of public offices last night. I
couldn’t find any time a politician would have to tell the truth, unless
they had to swear an oath in a, “COURT of LAW”. That explains my
confusion. Politicians are not required to tell, “the truth, the whole
truth and nothing but the truth”. This explains how so many of them got
there, what they’re doing there and why all of us are
preyed on by so many of them. To change the rules, we have to go
through them. The game is fixed and the American people can not win. Yes
I just awoke to what most of you already knew. In our great country it
takes a disaster, with massive casualties for laws to be changed. This
congress is a disaster. To many of us Americans are injured, jobless,
homeless, hopeless and this Presidential race is frightening. We don’t
know who to truly believe, because we feel like prey.
http://www.facebook.com/people/Lonnie-Smith/100000007816107 Lonnie Smith
 Making a false statement to the United States government is a criminal
offense. Lying to a federal agent can be grounds for prosecution under
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001.
I fond the loophole. Can
we please get a federal agent to follow the Presidential hopefuls and
hear everything they say to constituents.
Anonymous
 Federal law establishes a possible penalty of 5 years in prison for making a false statement to the federal government or its agents:
Anonymous
If you are a “FEDERAL AGENT” that was at any of these political events,
where a politician openly lied. Can you, “PLEASE COME FORWARD” and give
you’re account!!!
 When I made the “Politic-US-Circus” video, I felt angry and helpless,
“PREDATORS PREY”. After finding “Title 18, United States Code, Section
1001. I now have hope. I’m sure it isn’t that  easy. For every loophole,
there is another loophole. Maybe they have to be sworn in. “If so, can
we swear in all politicians and leave them sworn in”!!!   If so, any of
them who can still talk we might be able to trust.
Anonymous
   Who am I———Lonnie Smith
To understand who I am, you need to know some of who I’ve been.  I had everything I could want at 37.
At 38 I started having strokes and at 40 I had ether lost or thrown away everything, or one I ever loved.
Very ill and most of the time homeless, I ran across Friendship Park in Sacramento Ca.; a wonderful place.
They fed and nurtured the homeless and gave us a safe place to be from 7am to 3pm weekdays.
I have always been a musician and a musicians’ soul has to play music in order to live.  I conveyed this to
 Rev. Linda at the “Side by Side” ministry in Friendship Park.  One year later we started the
“HOMELESS JAM” at a wonderful church near by in 2002. In 2004, a lady from upsate N.Y. visited and later
that year United Methodist MTV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rotSW2CeIZo  
That lady from N.Y. and I were married in 2006.  The Homeless Jam lasted for 8 years.  The last year I
could attend the last jam;   http://youtu.be/ZW9c98Trl-Q   it was too far away and I was in alot of pain but I still
wanted to give back to the homeless and to those who try so hard to help them.  I got a Blue-ray Camera
and started writing songs for a sound-track.  It became clear very quickly I could say everything I wanted
to in the lyrics of a song.  I had already written the Friendship Park song and I added “The Will To Go On”  
“Unhappy Campers”  http://youtu.be/ixerzqR4gVo  –  “DESPERATION”  http://youtu.be/Dt1rBpWxad4
Stacey Dee did the vocals on desperation.  “Dear Mom”  http://youtu.be/CHdcyDPfCd8  –  “JUST ASK”  –
  http://youtu.be/MSJWP1GmnH4  –  “Three Hots and a Cot”  http://youtu.be/qO5Oeyalnos  when I was
homeless jail sometimes looked real good.  –  “Deaming the perfect day”  http://youtu.be/dqK0NRjoKj4
  was going to be a homeless person dreaming he was in his bed dreaming instead under a bridge.
There are many more but I ran out of time to film.  When I couldn’t get a day scheduled to film at
Friendship Park in 2010 befor summer.   I had enough money then. It was going to be a cheapy with real
homeless and formerly homeless acters.   The sound-track told the story so no one had to say lines.
Some day someone will wont to do something with all this hard work.   When I started this movie making
 experience, I didn’t know any thing about a computer and I was farely illiterate.  Now I know can do
anything I want on it and for the first time in my life “I SEE WORDS”, spelled right or wrong I still see them
in my mind. “SO ALL WAS NOT FOR NOT”, some of the message is out there and otherwise I’m very happy.
          What else would I ever need.    Lonnie childrenofthelost Smith   
Anonymous
 I wrote the blog “WHO I AM”, where people would know where I’m coming from when I make videos or talk about “politicians lies”.
There are a lot of homeless and homeless children hungry and
politicians for the most part, “ARE DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT”. Cutting
programs is a great way to make more homeless and starve the homeless to
death. So yes I’m angry and ready to fight back the only way I can.
Anonymous
 Section 101. Principles of Ethical Conduct.
To ensure that every
citizen can have complete confidence in the integrity of the Federal
Government, each Federal employee shall respect and adhere to the
fundamental principles of ethical service as implemented in regulations
promulgated under sections 201 and 301 of this order: (a) Public service
is a public trust. requiring employees to place loyalty to the
Constitution, the laws, and ethical principles above private gain. (I
don’t see this ever happening with our Republican Presidential
hopefuls).
 The difference between being held hostage and held in bondage.
I am afraid we might find out the difference soon.  We have been held
hostage by our congress failing to act on our behalf.  The new people in
congress promised to balance the budget and make jobs.  All they have
done is cut jobs and hold congress in limbo and they have not learned
the most important rule, ( compromise – give a little, get a lot.) 
First you have to give.   The other side of the aisle is not doing us
any favors by giving in – and giving up.  Now my American sisters and
brothers.  If we let the same people who bought the people who are
holding us in limbo, to hold the highest post in the land we will have
sold our selves into bondage.  Once they get their monopoly they can
make the country with the “right to work law” and we will do anything
for a job to feed our families.  Wages will slowly go down and down
until middle class will never own a home again.  Minimum wage for
workers and a little more for taskmasters.  They will put us to work and
put us up in housing ( THEIR HOUSING.)  When you can no longer work,
you are no longer useful therefore a drain on society and must be
disposed of.  They do not have to take our rights away, when they can
have us give our rights to them willingly.  This wont happen fast but
this is the road (THEY) want us on, “the road to Potters field”.  By
this time you’re thinking who the heck is this guy and who the heck are
(THEY).  They are are the ones who own big business, Politicians,
Parties and everyone else that will sell their body and soul.  Big
business is all about the bottom line, not you-not me.  Profit, land and
power is the bottom line.   The worse part of this scenario is you
don’t know your soul is being sold until it’s over and judgment is upon
you and then it’s, (oh my God I had no idea that they lied to me.)  “TOO
LATE FOR YOU – TOO LATE FOR US”.  Big business just put us into the
great recession of the 21st century and our government just saved us
from the great depression of the 21st century by congress working
together .  Write now we still have the right to vote, so vote well and
“GOOD LUCK WITH THAT”.    
Anonymous
 I know my last post was scary but I feel we are being groomed for what is to come.  Like a social predator desensitizing it’s
prey to the mishandling and abuse, until the one or ones being abused
come to believe they are getting what they deserve in life. 
Unfortunately there are a group of predators grooming us and we can’t be
sure who is who.  If they could only be held accountable for their lies
with perhaps a law.  I know that wouldn’t stop them but it might slow
them down long enough for us to see who is tongue tide.  At that point
we need to impeach, imprison and make an example of them to the other
predators we voted into office.
http://www.youtube.com/user/childrenofthelost?feature=mhee Lonnie Smith
 Some people can be pulled to the light, other need to be pushed away from the dark. reaper for all, my new youtube video http://youtu.be/8A6-Ef2hUmM
http://www.facebook.com/people/Lonnie-Smith/100000007816107 Lonnie Smith
 Once again the rally cry for freedom.
The freedom word has been used a lot lately by the candidates. Freedom
is the foundation that we built our great country on. Freedom for
individuals to live without oppression and not to be the oppressor. The
freedom to live, “not as prey” and to defend oneself from predators. The
freedom to worship the way, “we as individuals” wish to. The freedom to
make medical decisions for oneself and
ones’ dependents. The freedom to elect ” CHAMPIONS ” to protect us from
ones who would wish us harm. Whether it be foreign, domestic or from our
selves. Freedom is not a new rally cry. The most notable freedom rally
cry came from the fascist party after World War one. Hitler rallied his
people behind the freedom word to obtain the power to carryout his
ambitions of domination. He singled out many a foe to be hated and
feared including, anyone who didn’t look or pray the same way they did.
At the time I’m sure to the German people, he looked like the savior and
champion. The one that would bring them out of poverty and protect them
from the cold, cruel world that wanted to do them harm. It took most of
the world pulling together in a “World War”, to stop this man. So when
we hear this ” WAR CRY FOR FREEDOM “, with religious overtones. We
wonder what kind of monster we might be dealing with and what freedoms
we might eventually be giving up. For us to truly be free, we must
protect our selves from those who would seek to enslave bodies, “and or”
minds. If we are being convinced that our freedom will somehow be
enhanced by less people “regulating” what groups of people can do that
are governed by the bottom line,”MONEY”; let me remind you of where we
are right now and who drove us here. Freedom we have. Jobs we need. The
people we voted in office that refuse to do their job, “THE ACT OF
COMPROMISE”. They must be cast out and replaced by people that will do
the job. There will be enough time to fix the deficit when we aren’t
still trying to pullout of a recession. That is just an excuse to make
sure the current  administration fails. I know this road we’re on is a
slow one. It would be faster if people would get out of the way of
recovery or get on board. “OUR VOTE IS OUR FREEDOM TO CHOSE OUR
DESTINY”!!! We should never allow our selves to give up that freedom to
the fear of losing it and it is shameful to hear it used once again to
rally a crowd.
