Parties
Bloody Mary Stories Submitted by Readers
This urban legend is so popular that stories poured in. Here, you'll find   an array of interesting variations sent in by our visitors. You can read   more about the legend here. So who is the real Bloody Mary? Some think they really know, others   aren't quite so sure. As you can see, the controversy continues.
Mary    Tudor was the jewel of England. The prized possession of her parents,    King Henry Tudor VIII of England and Queen Katherine (Catalina) of    Spain and Aragon. When The Queen could not provide a son by the time    Mary was 10, King Henry sent her away to one of their castles in the    marshes. She died a number of years later with out seeing Mary before    her death.
Mary was around the age of 19. In those seven years, Mary had    been turned into what only could be called an bastard child. The    king had also taken up a mistress, Anne Bolen. She gave birth to    Elizabeth I. Edward VI was from another mistress that was soon crowned    Queen. She later died. When Mary would not submerge to the Kings rule,    accepting Anne as the Queen and declaring herself a bastard child, he    made himself head of church so she could not refuse him. Mary had to    sign the contract or be faced with death.
When still, she obeyed her mother's wishes for her to become Queen and    not a bastard child, King Henry declared himself head of church over the pope.    She signed and avoided the death penalty. When Henry died, leaving only    bastard children, Mary became the first female Queen of England. She made    the pope head of church again.
She killed the people that opposed her and still wanted things to be like    they where when her father ruled. She killed so many for the sake of    England. She later fell in love with a Prince Philip, but he soon left    her to return to his hailing county. Some say she went mad like her Aunt    Juana when her husband died. The truth may never be reveled about the real    Bloody Mary. This story may not be accurate, but It is the best I have come   up with. By Rachael
The    legend of it here in Jackson, Michigan goes like this: A long time ago    there was a little girl named Mary. She must have gotten in an accident    because she went into a coma. At that time, doctors didn't know what a    coma was, so they thought she was dead. They buried her alive! Every    night Mary's mother thought that she heard a scream coming from Mary's    grave, but no one believed her.
Finally one day, Mary's mother convinced them to dig up her grave. When    they did, they found scratches on the top of the coffin and Mary's    fingernails were all bloody. There are many different things that I have    heard that will happen when you say "Bloody Mary" in the mirror. The    most popular one here is that you will see Mary in the mirror walking    down a case of stairs. She may be holding a knife. If she is, you must    turn on the lights or she'll kill you. Also she could be holding a rose    or teddy bear, and then she won't kill you.
Mary's "so called" grave is also here in Jackson. I have been to it.    It's out in the woods and you have to walk through a lot of trails to    get there. When you finally do, you have to walk up a big hill and there    is a big tombstone on top that just says Mary. There are also other    tombstones, too. Mary's grave was removed recently because the coffins    were beginning to stick out of the ground. By Nikki
This    is a very touchy subject for me. The whole Bloody Mary thing is true,    for I know it is. This took place in a small town called    Newport, MI, just north of Monroe. On June 22, 1999, in the Monroe    Evening Newspaper, there’s an article about my best friend, Mike. We    were only thirteen at the time, you know the age of curiosity and the    first time hearing the legend of Bloody Mary. It was around ten or    eleven at night, when the moon is covered by trees, so there’s very    little light. We both wanted to try it out, but to this day, I am glad I    never went in with him. He went into the bathroom by himself because we    thought it wouldn’t work if we both tried it at the same time.
The legend we heard was that you had to light six candles, write 666 on    the mirror with anything red (we used lipstick,) and say "Bloody Mary" six times. My friend did these things because we wrote the stuff and lit    the candles before we shut the door. I heard him say "Bloody Mary." Nothing happened for ten minutes, he didn’t make any noise and I could    still see the lights from the candles under the bathroom door. I didn't    think much of it and went downstairs to get something to drink. When I    came back, I was a little worried because I could see no candlelight and    the bathroom door was locked. I pounded on the door until his dad asked    what I was doing.
His dad believed that we accidentally locked the door, so he got his    lock-pick set. When he got the lock undone, the door was stuck when we    pushed on it. After about fifteen minutes of pushing, there was a thump    and when the door opened, my friend was kneeling on the ground and his    head was in the sink. My friend died doing this stupid legend. Please,    don't any of you make the same mistake. By Matty
Almost    everyone has heard of this "bloody" woman. Some people fear mirrors    because the urban legend of her appearing. The legend is if you say "Bloody Mary" 3-100 times, she appears in the mirror, usually covered    with blood. I know most urban legends are fiction, but could this one    be true? I did some research on Mary. I heard she was a light inside the    mirror and her bloody image would appear. I read that she would attempt    to kill you, she would try to pull you into the mirror world, and she    would appear in the dark, then disappear when the lights were turned on.
There were different things you could say for her to appear in different    ways. If you say 'Bloody Mary, Bloody baby," she and a baby would    appear, covered in blood. If Bloody Mary is real, could Candyman be    real? Both can kill people. Some tell this story to scare people. Is    there an actual mirror world? You have probably heard about the "mirror world" in cartoons. In the dark you can make yourself believe    anything you want, like the monster in the closet. One time my cousin    dared me to say "Bloody Mary" three times in the mirror, well I did it    and I remember seeing a woman with blonde hair, covered in blood. By    Lindsey
I    have actually done "Bloody Mary" and I would just like to say that the    only reason it was scary is that the tales are terrifying. My three    friends and I were really scared, so we all went into a bathroom    together and turned off the lights. We didn't really do it right and    light a candle, but when we stared into the mirror, I swear I saw a    light in front of me in the mirror. No one else saw it but me. We all    screamed and ran out. I heard of Bloody Mary as a different person. I've    heard her to be either one of King Henry the 8th's wives who didn't bear    a son, so Henry beheaded her, or mother Mary gone bad. I have really    done "Bloody Mary" and am alive to tell the story. By Father    Christmas
I'm from Grand    Rapids, MI and I've heard about "Bloody Mary", but a different version    from the Jackson, Mi story. When I first started playing, it I wasn't    clear who this woman was. But later down the road, I had talked to my    Mom. She told me it was Mary, Queen of Scotts who was married to King    Henry the 8th. She was beheaded because she was believed to be a witch.    Actually she was a witch, but he couldn't prove it. It just so happens    that I am a descendent from her, my mother also being a witch.
The times I've played the game I haven't seen a light or a woman. The    first time I played it, my friend and I saw a tornado coming at us    through the mirror. The second time we saw lighting. But when it comes    down to getting killed by Mary, I don't know if it can actually    happen.... and if it can... I'm not too worried. After all, we are    family. By Ryan
My    friend had a slumber party and they dared her to do Bloody    Mary, you know go into the bathroom turn off the lights, light a candle,    chat "Bloody Mary" thirteen times and she will appear. For about 15    minutes, nothing happened. Then we heard her scream and she tried to get    out of the bathroom. The door was stuck but it didn't have a lock. When    we got her out she was crying and whimpering like a madman. We asked her    what happened. She showed us her arms and there were scars there that    had never been there before. Tons of them, like 20 scars!!! A few days    later they disappeared! She won't tell us what happened or what she saw    when we asked her about it. She just looks at us in a hateful way. One    time she said she wished it would have been Jenna that did it, because    it was Jenna's dare. By Kelsie
Where    I used to live I was about eight or nine years old, Michael, Rudy, and I    decided to summon Bloody Mary in an old, abandoned shed. We went in and    sat in the center of the floor. We sat in a circle, closed our eyes, and held hands while we summoned Bloody Mary. After a minute or two we could    hear things. We stopped and we saw the walls start spinning and    the sounds got louder. We got up, ran away and never returned there. We    passed on our story and that's that. About a year later, Rudy moved.    After another year passed, I moved, so we were all split up. I think    everyone still tells the story about the day we summoned Bloody Mary. By Trent
Once,    a girl named Mary lived in a castle with her step-sister and her    step-sister's boy-friend. Mary and her sister hated each other. One day,    Mary stole her step-sister's wedding ring and ran away. Her sister sent    out guards to find Mary. When they found her, they brought her to the    castle of the prince (the step-sister's boyfriend / fiancée). That night    when the guards came back with Mary, the step-sister and the prince were    sitting in front of the lit fireplace. The step-sister grabbed the ring    and threw Mary into the fire. When the fire was out, all that was left    of Mary was a part of her throat, the esophagus.
To this day, Mary is still looking for her sister to kill her. Of    course, her sister is already dead but her spirit still exists. Go into    the bathroom, in front of the mirror. Take a candle with you and light    it. Turn off all of the lights except the candle and say her FULL name    thirteen times (bloody...) and open your eyes, you might see her. But be    careful, because every eight years is FRIDAY the 13th of February and if    you ever mention her name in your life, on the 13th she will give you a    fright night because that is the night she got killed. The last time    that it was a FRIDAY the 13th, was this year, 2004. If you want to talk    about Mary, say her name like this: "B-Mary." By Gwendolyn
When    I was at a slumber party we would tell stories about "Bloody Mary." Here's one of the memorable ones... There was once a girl named Cassie    and a girl named Susan. A friend, Sharon called them and asked "do you    want to do Bloody Mary? They said "fine" and went to her house. They    began to chant "Bloody Mary." When nothing happened, they decided to go    home. On the way, they agreed that Bloody Mary was just a superstition.    Later, when Sharon was going to take a bath she went out of the room and    when she came back the water was blood. Then, when Cassie woke up at    night she saw someone walking down the stairway with a bloody knife. The    next morning, their mom came in and found them dead and with scars    covering their entire face and a bloody knife in their stomach. By    Sarah
My    friend and I were in an experimental mood, so we decided to try the "Bloody Mary" version that I heard most often. We stopped at a gas    station that had an outdoor restroom and asked if we could use it. We    went into it, turned off the lights, splashed water onto the mirror, and    spun around. We said "Bloody Mary" 3 times. Then my friend turned and    flushed the toilet, while I stared into the mirror. From what I could    see of my reflection in the dark, it started turning into a bright red    blob. In amazement, I kept staring. Then my friend started screaming,    and we ran out the door in fright. When I could see her face, it was all    bloody, like how I saw myself in the mirror. When we cleaned her off,    she had small fingernail-type scratches all over her face. By Lauren
About    two weeks ago, I heard about "Bloody Mary." At first, I wasn't scared    because I am a big horror-fan. I love to try these things. Martijn and    Joey spent the night at my place, Martijn being the one who is    frightened by horror stories. I dared him to do Bloody Mary in the    bathroom and after he gathered some of his guts, he finally did it. When    he was finished, we asked if something was happening. We couldn't hear    anything, no answer. The door was locked and we couldn't get into the    bathroom. Joey and I did everything we could to open that door. After we    finally got it open, we didn't see anything, so we turned on the light.    When we looked at the shower, we noticed the shower curtains were    covered in blood. We opened the curtains and saw him just lying on the    floor, full of deep fingernail scratches all over his body, on his face    and neck. By Shaun
When    I first heard about Bloody Mary, I was not scared. Then, my friend came    to school and had very deep scars all over her body. I also heard that    if you do Bloody Mary, and she does not come out of the mirror, she will    haunt you. She might try to kill you at night. Maybe nothing will    happen. Or when you are taking a bath, she will make the water turn to    blood. By Sarah
II    don't know how the story of 'Bloody Mary' turned into a murder/séance    act, but I do know a bit. Some other people mentioned 'Henry the    Eighth', but got some got it wrong. Henry VIII did indeed have six    wives, but 'Mary' was his eldest child and only daughter by his first    wife, Catherine of Aragon, and not, as some have said, his wife. When    Henry died, he left the throne of England to his only son, Edward, who    was only nine. The boy was very sickly and was soon out of the way.    Thus, Mary was left the crown. She eventually married Prince Philip of    Spain.
The biggest problem was with Mary's rule was religion. Her father had   divorced her mother, something that wasn't common in those days, and he    had done so by declaring himself Head of the Church of England. Mary was    a devout Catholic, and so opposed the act, and all subsequent reform. By    the time she got into power, many people were used to Henry's church,    and didn't want to change back. Mary wouldn't stand for this, so she    started killing off the opposition. She waged war against non-Catholics,    killing so many people that she eventually earned the title 'Bloody    Mary.' By Iris
One    day in October, we were staying in a hotel when my friend, Kendra was    telling us that if you want to do Bloody Mary in a group, that you need    to link arms, hold hands and chant "Bloody Mary" fifty times in a    pitch-black room. A mirror was needed and our hotel room had a large    one. When we did this, it took us several tries because everyone was    freaking out. We all knew when we finally got it. We were trapped in a    green fog and soon fell silent.
All of the sudden, my friends were with me, covered in blood. Then, they    dropped dead. That sent me running down a long corridor that never    seemed to end. After seeing huge pictures of the murder victims on the    wall, I looked over my shoulder and saw a young girl in a long, black    cloak. Her head was floating six inches from the cloak and she had long,    white hair, dripping with blood. Her face was white with red, bloodshot    eyes. She was chanting "Bloody Mary." I was trying to scream but I    couldn't because the green fog was choking me. I saw that she had a    long, rusty knife, dripping with blood. She was about to stab me!
I tried again to scream. When I looked forward, I noticed a large door    at the end of the corridor, so I went faster. This made the figure angry    and she multiplied, and all of them came at me with knives. Then,    everything went completely dark... All of the sudden, the lights came on    and I was being shaken by my friends. They said that I had turned    purple, then white, causing them to panic. When they touched me, I fell    over. They thought I was dead! I was completely exhausted and fell    asleep. The next morning, I asked my friends if they had seen what I    did. They said that they had phased out when they was the scary murder    pictures. It was only a couple days ago and I still have a pale face. By Breanna
This    is a very true story about B-Mary (do not say her name) that happened to    me. One night when my parents were away, my older brother dared me to do    the B-Mary ritual and summon her spirit. I didn't believe that it was    true so I did it, thinking it would be a good laugh afterwards. I went    into the bathroom, turned off all the lights, turned around seven times    while saying B-Mary on each turn. I then stopped turning and faced the    mirror. I waited in silence for something to happen.
I was about to leave when I heard a woman singing. I turned slowly back    to the mirror and I saw her. She had long, dark brown hair that was    soaked in blood. Her neck looked like someone had just slit her throat.    I screamed. When my brother started banging on the door and turning the    lock, she became angry. She was smiling but then she frowned and reached    out through the mirror with one bloody arm and slapped/scratched me on    the right side of my face. I felt her nails strike so hard that I was    knocked to the floor. My head slammed against the side of the bathtub    and I was knocked unconscious.
When I woke, I was in the hospital with bandages across the right side    of my face. My brother was whispering apologies to me that I could    barely understand. My parents were also there. As soon as I opened my    eyes they rushed to my side. I discovered that my brother had told them    that one of my many cats had scratched me and I had fallen. (I've been    scratched by my cats before.) They believed us.
On that same night, we got a call from my aunt. My uncle had died in the    same hour that I was attacked! I know it could have been a horrible    coincidence but I believe that B-Mary killed my uncle that I loved.    Every story I have ever read has said that she will attack only you and    not your loved ones. I don't care what the stories say. I think she    killed my uncle!
The attack was a year ago and to this day, I still cannot see out of my    right eye and that side of my face is stuck in a permanent scream. No    one should EVER try to summon that witch that has ruined my life! Please    read this and take it seriously. DO NOT summon that evil witch! I don't    care what you believe! Believe that I am not telling a lie! By    Nicole
It    all happened on Friday the 13th, 2007. Me and my friends all tried to    summon the B-Mary spirit. You may hear that people do it a different way    than us. Most people write on the mirror or light candles or say B-Mary    while turning around 7 times. That's not the way we did it!
We sat in a circle with our knees touching (you can't break the circle    or you will be cursed.) We then said "B-mary b-mary b-mary please may we    speak to b-mary." We then flipped a coin (heads=yes tails=no) and asked    questions when it landed on heads. We started asking YES or NO questions    and when we asked "please may you show us a sign that you're here," she    said "no." We asked 2 more times and then she said "yes."
We were playing a CD at the time and it went all jumpy (the CD had no    marks on because it was brand new!) We then started feeling dizzy and    faint and our vision went funny. Before you break you must say "please    may we close the circle" until it says "yes." We kept getting a "no" answer.
We were getting scared at this point. We felt long fingernails brushing    rough on our back and faces. The taps turned on by their self then we    couldn't get up because we couldn't break the circle. My mom and dad    were out shopping and we were the only people in the house. The blinds    then started shaking and the window wasn't open. We got so scared that I    broke the circle, turned off the taps, shut the curtains and hid. From    that day onwards, I have always felt someone behind me. I have a feeling    I'm not alone. By Ezzie
So    I wandered to the site and was reading through the stories, but the one    I grew up with was much, much different. I don't recall how I ever heard    about it but I was told that if you go into your bathroom at midnight    and lock the door, you could see her. You had to spin around three times    and say her name three times. When you do, you look into the mirror, and    Mary would supposedly appear. She'd then ask you three questions. If you    got one wrong, she'd scratch you, long marks that'd go across your    back. If you got all three wrong, you'd die. If you got them right,    well, I don't know what would happen. I never did it at midnight. By    Amber from Alabama
Bloody    Mary was Mary Tudor, Queen of England, and daughter of King Henry the    8th and Catherine of Aragon. All her life, she was a mean brat to her    little sister, Elizabeth and her brother Edward VI. She did not like    them at all and was very jealous. When Edward VI died, she became Queen    Mary of England. She was hated all over for changing the religion in    England from Protestant to Roman Catholic. She mass-murdered over 100    Protestant leaders, earning her name as "Bloody Mary".
And yes, I have seen Bloody Mary. My friends and I decided to try it    out. This is what we did:
1) We went into the bathroom.
2) Turned out the lights.
3) Ran the water.
4) Spun around 3 times saying "Bloody Mary."
5) Closed our eyes and held hands until we heard anything. (not saying    this way is right or wrong, we just did it like that.)
There was a low 'thump' and we opened our eyes. There was a bloody    dark-haired girl covered in blood. But it was very very dark, so very    hard to tell. All she did was look at us, like an image painted on the    mirror. Then we got scared and turned on the light. Whatever it was,    it was gone. This is the true story of Bloody Mary. By Ashley
