Re: Bloody Mary and Lilith one and the same?
Friesangal
I have been moderately spiritual since my teens. I'm too 'earthy' to be led along or become a fanatic, or go occult. I have enough air in me to contemplate the 'new age' teachings. I think I have been open minded, as I'm always reading something spiritual.  My Scorpio on the 3H cusp gives me Taurus on the 9H cusp, which perhaps gives me an interest in 'hands on' healing and beliefs, like Reiki and Astrology, which I intend to pursue.
I have been through two experiences which made me confront my beliefs/brought me closer to 'god' or whatever one calls the power of good/universal good. One was when my future husband had a head-on with a bus. At each step he was saved miraculously - the crash happened at midnight on a desolate road adjacent to the house of an ER nurse. After getting very ill within a few months, he was saved by a drug never tried on humans before. The road to recovery was long and the spirit of him, his family, and amazing people in the hospital system all worked with the power of good.
The second was the concentrated effort I witnessed in saving my daughters life when she fell ill with leukemia at two years of age. I had to spend a lot of time in the children's cancer ward. It was a traumatic time but who would have guessed the absolute  brilliance of peoples spirit that is displayed in a cancer ward? My daughter got the cancer back at age 5, this time  we found a perfect bonemarrow match (thanks to a young Christian girl ) and the treatment was over quickly. You would never know my daughter ever  had cancer now.
My stance comes not from ignorance, but where my beliefs were tested, and thereby confirmed. If a person encountered trauma as mentioned above, and also believed in demons (or that an evil spirit wanted you), I think it would be difficult to muster up the strength to survive.
At the other end of the scale - we are unfortunate enough to live within earshot of a caravan park, on the other side of the river (behind a forest, thank goodness). Some out of luck people live there permanently. They have some sort of an occult effigy erected. On quiet nights if you happen to be awake their curses and goings on can be heard. I believe these people live the hell they created, here on earth.
Anyway, I need to get off my soapbox now, as you said we need to question our beliefs in order to grow in that 9H, and I probably should not be so closed/unaccepting of adherents of the occult, it's just that it seems so 'the wrong path' to me.
Anyway this thread has really got me interested in BML - Lilith. My Lilith is in Gemini in 9H. I'm going to seek out that inner demon!
cheers
