
After ten years of experimenting and trying countless Bloody Mary Recipes, finally I have created...
The Ultimate, Hands Down Best Bloody Mary Cocktail Recipe That Will Have Your Friends, Family Members, And Even Random Strangers Begging You To Make It Over And Over Again!
Dear Bloody Mary Enthusiast,
Hello and thank you for visiting my website. My name is Andrew Smith and I love Bloody Mary Cocktails. I have played around with hundreds of different Bloody Mary Recipes and I believe I have found that perfect one.
For a few years now I have kept the secret recipe private, making it for family and friends or for my favorite holidays. But now it is time to release this bad boy to the world so other Bloody Mary Enthusiasts can enjoy, The Perfect Bloody Mary!
Why The Perfect Bloody Mary Recipe?
The First Book of Its Kind! I have been searching and searching for a Bloody Mary eBook, but to my great disappointment, I have not been able to find such. So I decided to create one!
Tried and True Baby! At the expense of my bank account and taste buds, I've already done all the hard work for ya. Don't follow my path, take my secrets now, I am willing to give them to you. And you will thank me, trust me.
Super-secret prep and mixing tips: I have a few secret strategies and ingredients that are sooo kick awesome, you will be blown away how easy and flavorful you can make a Bloody Mary - guaranteed!
I'll give you all the juicy details: Things you need, things you don't need, a quick must-have bloody shopping list, the secret Perfect Bloody Mary Prep Strategy, and Step-by-Step recipe instructions with great photos and videos!
There are thousands of Bloody Mary mixes, spices, and flavor enhancing products on the market. I will show you the core ingredients for The Perfect Bloody Mary and give you the best recommendations for making it just how you like it:
Spicy and Succulent
Full and Bold
Or Quick and Simple!
Ohh geez. All this talk about my Bloody Mary Recipe is making me really want one, like right now. Anyways lets continue...
Top Reasons My Super Secret Recipe Will Make YOUR Life Better
Anyone who enjoys a great flavorful drink will appreciate this recipe, hands down! Just browse the testimonials.
Bloody Mary drinks are excellent party additions.
Fun for holidays and other get-togethers.
Perfect for a Sunday afternoon.
Great for relaxing with friends and family.
Impress people with my unique process, trust me it's a great conversation starter!
Impress a spouse, date, roommate or friend with this unique and flavorful recipe.
And finally, get rid of your hangover with style!
See What This Executive Sous Chef Has To Say About The Perfect Bloody Mary
This really is a great recipe and a valuable resource for anyone interested in making Bloody Mary cocktails. The "Kick-Awesome Bloody Strategy" is very clever - a really good idea! Andy did a great job formatting and writing this book, I highly recommend you check it out!
- Sean Sanders, Executive Sous Chef Oceanaire Dallas, TX
Take A Sneak Peak Inside
Chicken poop
Testimonials From Restaurant Experts, Bartenders, Chefs, and Regular Joes
Pretty tasty! I like it spicy, the kick-awesome habanero strategy is nice. This recipe goes great with prawns and often times serves as my meal for the day.
- Kyle Thompson, Sous Chef
Easy to follow recipe with great alternatives for those of us who don't want it "Kick-Crazy-Spicy." The secret vegetable prep adds the best flavor and complexity!
- Kate and Tom, CupcakeLove.net
The Bloody is a great drink to mix and match your creative skills with flavorful ingredients.  The process outlined in this secret ingredient will hands down be better than any other you have tried. Take my word for it.  It really is the perfect Bloody Mary!
- Tony Smith, Restaurant Owner
Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah.
- Robert Collins, Bar Owner
Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah. Testimonial copy right here yeah.
- Joe Southwell, Bloody Mary Enthusiast
You can enjoy a healthier cocktail with friends - with or without the alcohol. This IS the Perfect Bloody Mary because it is loaded with natural ingredients that offer you a nutritious alternative while you socialize.
- Dr. Janet Starr Hull, Nutritionist
 
BONUSES!
Hey! I'm getting straight to the point! I know we are all busy and I don't want to take up more of your time so if you order right now, I'll throw in a few extra things  you might enjoy to sweeten the deal. But, you gotta order right now from this page.
Free eBook Title Right Here
Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit. Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit.
Free eBook Title Right Here
Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit. Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit.
Free eBook Title Right Here
Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit. Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit.
Free eBook Title Right Here
Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit. Bonus book description right here with benefits about the book and details about why its important and shit.
Ohh geez. I can't wait any longer, all this talk about Bloody Marys, I gotta make one so I'm gonna wrap this up...
Limited Offer - Grab It Now!
Get Instant Access! Download The Book Now!
List Price: $26.99 | Your Price: $16.00
#
I understand I'll be downloading The Perfect Bloody Mary Recipe for a one-time payment when I act now! I also understand I'll receive several bonuses (included with my one-time purchase of $16.00).
I also realize I have nothing to lose, since Andy is generous enough to offer me a 365-day money-back guarantee if I'm unsatisfied in anyway.
100% No Risk Money Back Guarantee
That's right... I will provide you with the most generous offer of a 365 day 100% money back satisfaction guarantee.
Check it out: Order right now and If within 1 year you are NOT completely satisfied beyond your wildest dreams, simply send me an e-mail for a full, complete refund... no questions asked!
