by 12 North Photography
We have all heard the legend of Bloody Mary and like most legends there are many variations. Everything from a young woman burned at the stake during the Salem Witch Trials of 1692, to a beautiful girl who was disfigured in a violent car accident. All of the legends tell you that if you mock her in the mirror she will appear and make you pay with your life for challenging her. This of course is just a game children play at slumber parties to impress and scare their friends, but did you know that the Bloody Mary legend may be based on an actual figure in history? Mary Tudor was the most hated Queen in British history, a Queen so terrible that the people in which she ruled gave her a wicked name. A name still used by historians today, the name of course is Bloody Mary and during her 5 year reign over England she burned more people at the stake than the Spanish and French Inquisitions put together during that period. In this article we will look at the life of Queen Mary I of England.
I am a firm believer that monsters are not born but made and I believe this to be true in the case of Mary Tudor. She was born February 18, 1516 to English Monarch King Henry VIII and his first wife Catherine of Aragon. She was the only surviving child of Henry’s first marriage and because she was a girl her birth was seen as second-rate. After several miscarriages and 5 dead children Mary’s mother Catherine went through menopause. Her father Henry VIII as most kings wanted a son to succeed him and knowing that Catherine would never be able to provide him with a male successor he went to the pope to get permission to dissolve his marriage. The pope refused this request so Henry, now desperate for a male heir, took matters into his own hands and broke from Rome declaring himself supreme head of the new church of England under the Protestant religion. Then, in January of 1533 he learned that one of his courtiers Anne Boleyn was pregnant so he married her in secret to avoid the risk of having a bastard son. Though she did not provide him with the heir he wanted, Anne Boleyn gave birth to a girl; Mary’s half-sister Elizabeth. Four months later the arch bishop declared Henry’s marriage to Mary’s mother Catherine to be null and void and his marriage to Anne to be lawful. Therefore, Mary now 17 was considered to be illegitimate but like her mother she refused to accept this and the bond between mother and daughter grew stronger both in love and their complete dedication to the traditional form of Catholicism that her father Henry had abolished. But in 1536 when Catherine’s health began to deteriorate, Mary was banished from her bed side. Her mother died without ever seeing her daughter again. It was in this same year that Mary finally signed her father’s act of succession.
In her early 20′s constant mental anguish took its toll on Mary’s health. There were even rumors circulating through the court of Mary’s assassination and she had a constant fear of being poisoned. Her fragile mental state took a bigger blow in 1537 when her father finally had a son with his 4th wife, his name was Edward. This caused Henry to re-write his order of succession. Pushing Mary into the second position after her half-brother. Then in 1547 Henry died leaving his throne to Edward who was only 9 under the protection of Protestant advisers. Edward was far more of a Protestant then his father and during his short reign he had churches white washed and statues along with stained glass windows removed. It was clear that his goal was to completely erase Catholicism from the kingdom. Mary found herself in a constant battle with her younger brother just to practice her religion in her own home. During Edwards reign she became a very bitter woman and her religion became an obsession. Edward would constantly send people to Mary’s home to convince her to convert but she refused to bow to her brother’s demands. Then in 1553 Edward suddenly became ill and while lying in his death-bed was fully aware that if Mary became queen she would undo all he had accomplished. So Edward along with his advisers devised a plot naming Edward’s Protestant cousin Lady Jane Grey as heir to the throne. She ruled for only nine days before Mary (who had won the support of London) took the throne. She was crowned Queen of all England in July of 1553 at the age of 37. She now found herself in a place where she could reestablish the catholic church in England and  punish all who made the last 25 years of her life a living hell. Thus began the reign of terror of England’s most feared and hated Queen.
Within months of taking the throne a large-scale Protestant rebellion began in England only to be crushed by Mary. It was then she decided to show her Protestant enemies how swift her Catholic justice would be. All of the rebel leaders were hung and the Duke of Suffolk along Lady Jane Grey  were beheaded. She also had the rebels from Scotland sent back to their shires and hung in their home town churches to discourage any future rebellions. Once this was done Mary sought out to return England to a Catholic kingdom by any means necessary, Protestant England was about to experience the revenge of Mary Tudor. The first thing she did was reinstate the Medieval laws which said you can be burned at the stake for heresy. In the following years after the law was reinstated, Mary burned over 300 people at the stake within 3 years. She started with the Bishops then the Preachers and even their families. The burnings took place in town squares all over the country and they didn’t stop there. Once she had wiped out most of the Protestant leadership she turned her sights to the followers. In this move no one was safe.  She burned the rich, the poor, the blind, and even pregnant woman all in the name of her of her religious fanaticism. There were times that so many people were burnt that the entire town would be blanketed with smoke and the foul smell of burnt human flesh. This tactic didn’t gain the favor of the Catholics in England, in fact most of them despised Mary for it.
In the last year of her life Mary knew that her health was failing so she became more determined to exact revenge on those who had wronged her in the past. At the top of this list was Thomas Cranmer, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the man whom she blamed for the split of her mother and father. After his arrest Mary publicly humiliated him on a number of occasions with countless show trials. He even renounced his religious believes 6 times before Mary had him burned at the stake at 67 years old. Before he died Mary had him publicly shamed as a heretic. This did not sit well with the pope, by Catholic law you are not to execute a heretic who repents. Because of this the nation turned against her and her “cleansing” back fired on her. English Catholics seeing their neighbors die for their religion made them question their own faith in the sense that if these people are so willing to die maybe their religion is right. Mary died November 17, 1558 childless and alone. She left behind nothing more than a legacy of bloodshed. In the end of her 5 year reign she was responsible for over 700 deaths and is remembered only by the name that was given to her by all who feared and hated her, her name was Bloody Mary. 
In conclusion, whether or not Mary Tudor is the face in the mirror of the Bloody Mary legend is up to you. But one fact that remains true in her story is that she was a monster and not the kind we dream up when sitting alone in the dark, she was the kind that is created when the views of one trample and neglect the views of another. Mary’s hatred grew like a callus grows after too much of the same action. Many people will use her life as a front-runner to bash religion but I don’t believe it was religion that made Mary commit the monstrous acts that she did, though it may appear that way on the surface. I personally think Mary used religion as a way to mask her hatred for the England her father had created. Her father who left her mother and pushed her to the wayside while he selfishly tried to fill the throne with a male heir. I would like to end this series with a quote from Bloody Mary herself.
 ”When I am dead and opened, you shall find calluses lying on my heart.” – Queen Mary I (Bloody Mary)
Written and Photographed by – Larry Stone
Like this:
Like
3 bloggers like this post.
