How Did Mary Jane Shoes Get Its Name?
How Did Mary Jane Shoes Get Its Name?
How did Mary Janes get their name? The pretty, trendy shoes of today, tomorrow and days gone by had to get their moniker somewhere, but is there a real Mary Jane behind the inspiration for this shoe and its trademark single strap? Or is the origin of the name a question with no answer?
Print this article
Features
The original Mary Jane shoe, dating from the early 1900s, was worn primarily by young girls, was a low-heeled, round-toed slipper with a strap across the instep of the foot or around the ankle, and typically made of shiny black patent leather.  Today, Mary Janes are still popular as formal shoes for young girls, though they have also been adapted as informal footwear for adult women. The adult version, while retaining the trademark strap, often features a high heel or platform sole.
History
According to Real Simple magazine, the most widely accepted theory is that Mary Jane was a character in the Buster Brown comic series, created by artist Richard Outcault in 1902. Buster Brown himself inspired a trademark brand of shoe.  Depending on which variation of the story comes your way, Mary Jane starred as Buster Brown's sister or love interest.
Significance
Outcault traveled to the 1904 World's Fair and sold licenses to various companies to use his characters for their advertising campaigns. Among them was the Brown Shoe Co., who used touring actors to portray the characters of Buster Brown and Mary Jane. Eventually the style of shoe worn by both Buster and Mary became known in popular culture as Mary Janes.
Time Frame
Though Mary Janes have proved popular since their introduction, they experienced a resurgence into a number of subcultures during the late 1990s and early 2000s. As babydoll and goth movements found an increased following, their adherents brought Mary Janes for teens and adults into the limelight. With today's teens and young adults, largely unfamiliar with the history of Brown Shoe or the characters Buster Brown and Mary Jane, the origin of the name has largely been lost.
Interesting Facts
Recently Mary Janes have found their way into contemporary culture (popular singer Fergie recorded a song bearing its name) and men who seek alternative forms of fashion expression have paid homage to the Mary Jane as well. The origins of the Mary Jane may be largely forgotten, but the shoe's influence remains strong.
Related Searches:
