
Bloody Mary Experience (story) - Castle of Spirits.com Ghost Story
w w w . c a s t l e o f s p i r i t s . c o m
BLOODY  MARY EXPERIENCE
When I was a young girl I would attend many sleep-over  parties.  As many young girls did we would always play the  game "Bloody Mary".  For people that do not know about this  game, you go in front of a mirror, turn the lights out, and  repeat "Bloody Mary" a number of times.  Supposedly you see  the image of Bloody Mary in the mirror and if you do not  either run out or turn the lights on fast she will stick  her hands out from the mirror and scratch you!  Well, of  course this never worked for us...until one day.
I am now in college.  I went home for Christmas break to  visit my best friend since first grade.  I ended up staying  the night at her house.  We were just remembering all the  good times we had as kids and all the silly things we used  to do.  During this discussion we got on the topic of how  we used to play Bloody Mary and how stupid it was since it  never worked.  We decided to play the game again just for  old times sake.
We went into her bathroom, shut the door, and turned the  lights off.  Her bathroom had no windows in it so it was  witch black in the room.  We could not even see our hands  in front of our faces!  We held hands and began  repeating "Bloody Mary".  I am not sure on the exact number  of times we repeated it, but I would say about ten.  Then  something appeared in the mirror.  It was not a face of  Bloody Mary at all.  What appeared in the mirror was a  green triangle.  The triangle stated out small and grew  larger.  We stopped repeating the line and just watched this  triangle grow in size, not sure what to think.  We did not  expect to see anything at all, especially not a triangle.   If anything we thought we would have seen Bloody Mary  herself.  I can not say that I was very scared at the time,  more like extremely confused and intrigued as to why we  were seeing a triangle.  I would say we just stared into  the mirror in awe for about 30 seconds.  All of the sudden  I felt something grab my arm and I screamed.  My friend  started screaming too and turned on the light, opened the  door, and pulled me out of the bathroom.
We ran into her bedroom and just looked at each other.  I  asked her if she saw anything.  She too saw a green  triangle that continued to get larger.  She also felt  someone grab her arm which freaked her out and made her  pull me out of the bathroom.  We closed that bathroom door  and did not go in it for the rest of the night.  To this  day she will not use that bathroom if she does not have  to.  That bathroom is now always colder than the rest of  the house, which it never was before.  Nothing else  happened, but I definitely think that this was a very,  very strange experience.  I do not know if there is a  connection at all between Bloody Mary and a triangle, but  that is what happened.  Although this story may be a little  strange, it is all very true.
Submitted From: Victoria, Illinois, USA
All content © Castle of Spirits.
Individual copyrights are retained by story authors.
No story located on Castle of Spirits can be reproduced or used in any way without the written permission of Castle of Spirits.
