French know how... Danish design
Name: Bloody Mary, Temperature: -9.4F (-23C) PDF Report
Light weight expedition - Alpine climbing -Trekking
${title}  
Valandré introduces a three-season sleeping bag that exceeds the performance of all other three-season bags on the market: the Bloody Mary. A sleeping bag that is more versatile than a sherpa on crack. Featuring Valandré's Tubular Bell construction, an interchangeable collar system, and the world’s best French Fat Grey Goose down, the Bloody Mary will take you across three seasons in amazing comfort.
At the annual Outdoor orgy, in Friedrichshafen Germany 09, the Bloody Mary ran, together with 241 other products, for the Outdoor Industry Award, in 9 categories. Nominated GOLD Award winner in the Sleeping Bag category, Valandré entered the overall general competition between the 9 GOLD Award winners, and landed on a comfortable third place behind Black Diamond and Osprey, and followed by Petzl and Arc'Teryx. It's always quite comfortable in the beginning, to be centered in the top five.
At the heart of the Bloody Mary is an interchangeable collar system. Three different levels of thermal protection are a zipper pull away. When the temperature is dropping fast, zip in the heaviest of the collars and feel the snug warmth that is sealed in the main body section. Meanwhile, the hood envelops your head with a perfect layer of insulation (2lbs 8,4oz/1145g).
As conditions lighten, zip out the heavy collar and put in the mid-weight collar. This collar rests gently on your neck, providing some ventilation while holding most of your warmth in the bag (2lbs 5,85oz/1073g).
And finally, as summer is carbureting in full swing, don’t get a lighter bag, just leave the collars at home, open the main zipper for full ventilation (2Lbs 4,7oz/1040g), and "Et voila"! Welcome to the extremely flexible comfort zone.
If the collar system is the heart of the Bloody Mary, the French Fat Grey Goose down is the muscle. Valandré uses only down from the French Fat Grey Goose, a bird capable of migrating at 33,000 feet (10.000m) in -60°F (-50°C) temperatures for days on end. The down is harvested right before the traditional migration time, when it is fresh, clean and at its plumpest. Then, Valandré selects only the lightest down and fills each compartment with just the right amount.
The foundation of all Valandré's sleeping bags is our Tubular Bell construction method. Each Bloody Mary is made from 83 individually cut panels and baffles tailored to fit perfectly around the human body. And when these compartments are filled with the French Fat Grey Goose down, they actually lift off your body as the bag warms up.
This isn’t just a container for the down, it is a technological marvel with all components working in harmony to provide the best warmth-to-weight ratio in the industry with a surprising flexibility.
 
 
US Climber Chris Klinke, used the Bloody Mary at C4 at 7500m on MAKALU last spring (May 23th) in combination with the Combi full suit. As he summated next day without oxygen, we presume,that he spend a "night at the Ritz" in his bag. See the video expedition
 
Asahi KASEI Impact 66 Polyamide WR Rip-Stop / Asahi KASEI Polyester WR Rip-Stop
Down Quality:
Goose 850+ cu. in. (US Normes)
Total Weight:
2lbs 4,7oz, 2lbs 5,85oz, 2lbs 8,4oz/1040g, 1073g, 1145g
Down Load:
