DEAD SPACE 3 E3 Official Anouncement! Looks like Lost planet??
Dead Space 3 has officially been announced for those eager fans who are looking to dive deeper into the games story. During E3, an official trailer was dropped for horror RPG fanatics to sink their teeth into. Only problem is, this looks way more “action” “shoot em up” then I hoped it would. I like [...]
Suspiria gets a whole new set of Witches
Crime scene pictures announced today that they have officially casted a lead actress for the upcoming remake of Dario Argento’s 1977 original Suspiria. Heading up the picture is Isabelle Fuhrman, who is coming fresh off of the recent success with the Hunger Games. Other cast members announced were, Isabelle Huppert (Amour, The Piano Teacher), Janet [...]
“The last of us” set to infect gamers in late 2012
There are plenty of video games coming that have gamers excited, Assassins Creed 3, Borderlands 2, Call of Duty: Black Ops 2, Grand Theft Auto V, Halo 4 and more. These are all great games to be excited about, but you know what? Most high profile games have something in common… they’re sequels. Fear not [...]
Contagion writer takes a stab at the Apes
    Rise of the Planet of the Apes sequel gets a writer who is no stranger to the idea of global bio-disasters. Scott Z. Burns (Contagion,The Informant and The Bourne Ultimatum) has been roped in to help on Fox’s sequel. Produced by Chernin entertainment. According to THR, The Planet of the Apes sequel “…continues the [...]
Another Home Invasion movie to TORMENT Cannes.
Every so often, as if the universe has been lacking in particular sub genre’s, the Horror world gets reminded that J-Horror, Torture porn, or in this case “Home Invasion” films are still being made, and I guess can be considered relevant. Julio Fernandez, the producer of the Rec series, Sleep Tight, and the not so [...]
Book Review:  PRAY TO STAY DEAD by Mason James Cole
At the beginning of Mason James Cole’s Pray to Stay Dead, I felt this sinking feeling of disappointment.  After hearing amazing things about the book and how it reinvigorates the staling zombie genre, there’s a sense of “been there, done that” in the first few chapters that turned me off.  Young kids heading back home [...]
Sick BATMAN BEYOND CGI Designs
These Batman Beyond CGI concepts created by CGHUB artist Ritorian, look incredible! I love the dark futuristic bat look,  I could see this being the costume design for a Arkham City style game, CGI movie or TV show. The detail put into them is absolutely amazing, Something should happen with these designs. Take a look, [...]
DEADLIGHT: New Game from Tequila Works COMING THIS SUMMER!
Zombies and post apocalyptic settings don’t seem to ever get old, especially when you give those elements a twist, and Tequila works is bringing some classic game elements into a world of doom and gloom set in a post apocalyptic Seattle. Deadlight is a 2.5D action platform game with an interesting blend of gameplay elements from other [...]
Fall in Love With ‘GRIM LEAPER’-Review
  There is too much time in between our comic book reviews here at THT, the argument can be said that there are just to many to read/write about, and there isn’t enough staff to comply with public need, but another way to look at it, is that we’d much rather bring you something compelling, [...]
HAPPY FRIDAY THE 13th FROM THE HATCHET TIMES!
According to folklorists, there is no written evidence for a “Friday the 13th” superstition before the 19th century. The earliest known documented reference in English occurs in Henry Sutherland Edwards’ 1869 biography of Gioachino Rossini: “Rossini was surrounded to the last by admiring and affectionate friends; Why Friday the 13th Is Unlucky” Several theories have [...]
Dissecting Dusty Peterson, artist for Six Feet Under’s Undead
-Rafael Berrios-   With the new Six Feet Under album, Undead, dropping on May 22nd, we here at THT wanted to do something a little different and interesting. I had a chance to kill time with Dusty Peterson, the talent behind the cover art for the new album, and ask a few questions about his process, tastes, [...]
The Walking Dead Approaching Soon
After being pushed back from a release in late 2011, Telltale Games should be releasing the first episode of their video game adaption of Robert Kirkman’s award-winning comic series, The Walking Dead, on April 25th, 2012. The episodic adventure will consist of five episodes which will be released regularly, and will hit Xbox Live, Playstation Network, [...]
LOST PLANET 3 ANNOUNCED! (trailer)
Capcom has announced Lost Planet 3 today, which will be developed by Spark Unlimited the developers behind Legendary, Call of Duty: Finest Hour, and Turning Point: Fall of Liberty. Yup, not the best portfolio. Will they be able to do justice to this series? Maybe I should play Legendary to get a taste of the [...]
NEW CATTLE DECAPITATION!! (Lifestalker)
Finally a New Track from the upcoming Cattle Decapitation album MONOLITH OF INHUMANITY. With this being their already seventh studio album the US-Deathgrinders bring precisely what fans have come to consider a signature style that we all look forward to. Take a listen.   Lifestalker Posted from Metal Hammer
TOTAL RECALL (JAPANESE TRAILER SHOWS MORE)
I think most Total Recall fans slapped their foreheads simultaneously when this remake was announced. Most of us speculated on “What are they going to leave out?” and what they “Better keep in” (i.e. Three tits, and “get your ass to mars.”) For me, I just don’t want this film to be a huge CGI [...]
LISTEN TO THE NEW ‘SIX FEET UNDER’ TRACK (FORMALDEHYDE)
Six feet under has just released a new track. Entitled “Formaldehyde,” which is a pleasant sneak peak from their upcoming album “Undead” which is set to be on the shelves May 22 via Metal Blade Records. This album is going to be featuring Chimaira ex-guitarist Rob Arnold, and famous drummer Kevin Talley, best known for [...]
2012: Resident Evil Lives
Most people may not realize it, but this year is actually filled with Resident Evil releases. Back in February the Nintendo 3DS received its second exclusive in the series, Resident Evil Revelations, which tries to go back to the survival horror genre we know and love. Whether or not this title successfully embodies survival horror [...]
New Mass Effect 3 DLC is free, “Extended Cut” coming this summer
It seems Bioware and EA are trying to smooth things over with Mass Effect fans after the exaggerated ending controversy that took place. Bioware announced new multiplayer DLC entitled the Resurgence Pack. This content will be available as a free download April 10th in North America and 11th in Europe on Xbox Live, Playstation Network, and [...]
THE HUNGER GAMES REVIEW: SHAKY CAM ABUSE!
While going to see this movie, I was genuinely confused as to what I was getting myself into, having little to no history of the books, and not previously knowing the general synopsis, I saw this movie with a Tabula rasa, so to speak, or clean slate.  And even with no previous notions Hunger Games [...]
“Send MOORE Brains”-Tony Moore back from the dead to sue ‘The Walking Dead’
  We knew it was coming. The success of the Walking Dead on AMC + lawsuits from disgruntled former contributors of the source material = no brainer.    Tony Moore is trolling Robert Kirkman and taking his dear childhood friend to court over ownership and royalties regarding the television incarnation of the cultural phenomenon he [...]
