5 out of 6 people found the following review useful.
A Good Sequel, But Hopefully The Last, 25 February 2007
Author: Horror_Fan01
from Canada
My expectations concerning Urban Legends: Bloody Mary were mostly met. Considering how deceiving sequels usually are, I must say that director Mary Lambert, who's also responsible for the excellent Pet Sematary and Pet Sematary 2, did a great job again. This second addition to the franchise is quite refreshing since it introduces a supernatural threat. Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II did pretty much the same thing with the slasher Prom Night. This kind of twist may discourage some but I think innovation is better than stagnation. Once dared by friends at a younger age, I myself have tested the Bloody Mary myth. Therefore, when came the time for the movie to build tension as "Bloody Mary" gets pronounced for the third time in a row, I felt nothing. There wasn't even a mirror involved, even though every version of the story I've heard does. xecution-wise, I guess you cannot beat Candyman. Indeed, the flick focuses more on its loyalty towards the first two movies. As it was the case with Urban Legend and Urban Legends, this movie is about kids becoming urban legends themselves through death. This time around though, it seems Mary's ghost is after them. Therefore, most of the murders are being committed by an invisible entity, Final Destination style. All of them must have looked really good on paper. Unfortunately, the execution lacks subtlety. Budget restraints are this movie's biggest issue and it shows through most visual effects. The "no name" actors featured here give the movie an authentic feel. Kate Mara and Robert Vito play two teen aged heroes and they are actually not two times older than their respective characters, a rarity in horror movies. Rebecca Gayheart doesn't make an appearance this time and the same applies to Loretta Devine. Somehow, the need was felt to replace her with a similar character. Tina Lifford plays a purposely stereotyped and omniscient "pothead". She's handled her scenes nicely and made me laugh.
Overall:
Urban Legends: Bloody Mary might just be the best outcome possible in a franchise that got repetitive right at part two. It combines two sub genres, slasher and ghost story, while holding strong links with the original.
Was the above review useful to you?
