Edit Discuss History
Bloody Mary is a very old game and isn't a particularly pleasant one. However, that is nothing like curiosity needing assuaging and so it is assumed that the reader wants to know more about this game and will most likely be tempted to try it since interest is piqued. The most important element of this game is to approach it in a sensible frame of mind to understand the background to the game and the reality that the outcomes of this game are driven by one's heightened sense of self-induced fear and a wild imagination. As well, treat this as what it is - a game and nothing more. However, it is a game so mysterious, and one that has been said to be true, you just have to find it out for yourself. Read on.
Edit Steps
1
Understand the origins of this 'scary' game. Before you get too excited about the scariness of this game, it really helps to know a little background. This game has numerous possible origins and is steeped in the mists of time, so the stories we are left with in the twenty-first century as to its origins are quite mixed up. However, it is enlightening to understand the thoughts behind the scares, so the story's basics are outlined under "Tips".
2
You have reached the point of no return and convinced one another that this game is worth playing for a few scares and thrills, so begin by assembling the items that you will need: a candle, a bathroom with a mirror, some friends, and a cell phone (You never know what could happen!).
3
Get at least two people together. Some people prefer having one person go in, to increase tension in all the players.I suggest if you be scared wile being in the bathroom are playing this way, do not lock the bathroom door, because if someone has to leave quickly, they do freak out when they cannot open the door.
4
Have one person touch the mirror and the others hold hands, including the person who touched the mirror.
5
Run some water because that was the last thing she heard.
6
Chant:
"Bloody Mary" 3 to 30 times. 13 is the most popular number used. The exact wording and the amount of times to speak the words vary considerably, depending which version of the story you choose to follow. See "Tips".</ref>
7
Watch the mirror. Belief in what you do or do not see is a personal, subjective experience. Remember that you have control over your own mind.
8
Leave the bathroom and breathe some fresh air. Laugh to release the nervous tension and debrief. The game has had its impact and it's time to go and relax.
Edit Tips
The tale of Mary behind the game: There are several possible sources of Mary:
It is said that there was once a woman known as Mary Worth who lived almost 100 years ago in England. Claims were made about this woman that she was a witch. [1] They put a mirror in front of her to show her shame as she died. Each person sliced her face while she watched in the mirror, than she cursed the town and swore to seek vengeance on the whole town. At last the father of the child stabbed and killed her. Her spirit is said to be trapped in the mirror waiting for someone to believe and release her.
Going back even further, the Mary may have been Mary I, Queen of England, who was known as Bloody Mary for her treatment of people (burning at the stake) during her short reign. [2] Others, however, claim this is a mistaken mix-up. [3]
More recently, some say Mary was the victim of a horrific car accident. [4]
Some even say, Mary lived in the woods and was said to be a witch. The little girls in the village began disappearing one by one. They found out that Mary, used their blood to make her skin softer, and their souls to look younger(hence the name Bloody Mary) They found out about it and burned her. She said she would appear in mirrors if conjured up in front of one, right before she was put into flames.
Some say that she was a woman who was killed by her boss and she came back to kill him and anyone who says her name.
The reason for inclusion of a baby/child in the tale also varies considerably. Do your own online or library research - research can be even more interesting than the scare.
There are quite a few variants on how to summon Mary that vary from region to region, depending on how this game has been interpreted. This article offers but one interpretation and you are free to add more variants if you wish.
It is sometimes suggested that you spin around three times if you see nothing. Feeling dizzy does wonders for seeing things. [5]
There are various movies that depict this game being played, often having subtle variations in how its played. For example, in a movie appropriately called "bloody Mary", the player has to be female, naked, and says I believe in bloody Mary, until she shows up.
Note that this is a particularly North American derived game and the game is not well known elsewhere in the world; at least not until this article is read! It is a fairly typical (mostly) girls' sleepover game. [6]
To put a real dampener on superstition, ritual games that create fear are perfectly normal for children in early adolescence and are usually viewed as a harmless outlet for releasing anxiety and fear. [7]
She may not appear, but the point of the game tests your bravery.
Be careful, you are dealing with spirits, they are dangerous and inviting them/challenging them could be dangerous, even deadly. Remember this when you play this game.
Edit Warnings
Bloody Mary is not real, nor are any ghosts so this game is just for fun and not for real ghost finding
Don't panic. Most of the excitement and thrill is the build-up to the game and you have all probably scared one another witless. Turn on the light if any person is too scared. And go out and enjoy something more lighthearted for the rest of the time together.
Don't force a young kid to do this it's not funny and you could leave them scared for days!
Edit Things You'll Need
