Supernatural Episode Review, Season 1 – Episode 5
“Bloody Mary”
Trust Kripke to start out early in Season 1 with an urban legend that everyone, and I mean everyone, has heard about. It’s Bloody Mary time, and I don’t mean the drink. You’ve heard this one, yeah. Where you say Bloody Mary’s name three times while looking in the mirror cause you’re an idiot third-grader who can’t resolve the thrill of risk against the pain of living, and anticipate that Bloody Mary (BM, okay?) will come out of the mirror and scratch your eyes out. It’s a messy death, and not one that any sane person would bring upon themselves. But third-graders aren’t sane, and can you blame them? Occupying that netherworld of being neither a cute, small child or challenging teen? It gets complicated, man.
When I was that age, we had a BM scare at our school. As to how it started, my sister says that she and her best friend, who was the daughter of the base chaplain, went into the bathroom of the local non-denominational church and said Bloody Mary three times. And then talked about it and freaked everyone out. After which it spiraled out of control. Kids were doing it, from eight grade all the way down. Girls were getting hysterical, collapsing in bathrooms and being sent home or picked up by their moms. Notes were handed out, lectures were delivered, and we were all forbidden to even think about doing it. It lasted three whole weeks, which was an eternity in kid time. I was so freaked out I didn’t even look in the mirror for months, especially at school, and after a while the whole thing died down. But the scars remain. To this day.
So Kripke, you know, he’s got some hidden microphones or something, cause he knows about the scare at my school, and the scare that most likely, most definitely, occurred at hundreds of schools like it, where you got sick at the thought of it, your heart started racing every time you had to take a pee, and finally, where you simply waited till you got home. Thusly, in Toledo, Ohio, where there’s not much else to do, Saturday night or otherwise, the whole thing starts up again. Dumb 6th grade girls on a sleepover, doing truth or dare (another great kid’s game with shady overtones), and one of them, don’t you know, goes into the bathroom with the lights off and says it. Her dad dies in pool of blood, and I’m sure this tyke (her name is Lilly) is still getting therapy for thinking it was her fault.
Thus arrive the boys, Sam and Dean, in the Impala, which looks as polished as ever, and the boys, for some reason, looking rode hard and put away wet. It’s early days for them, having gotten back together only four episodes ago. They’re still learning to work on their own, without The Dad, still figuring out, from the looks of things, how to manage without much sleep, without many changes of clean clothes, and eating crappy food day in and day out. I for one like them like this; I want to run my hands all over them, when there’s no sleek to make them too pretty to be real. They’re already gorgeous enough, so having them be slightly rumpled, days out from the last laundry run, and their hair, Dean’s in particular, looking pillow-mussed and hand combed, is enough to take the edge off their beauty and makes them, well, edible. (Check out Sam. Bangs, man. Neck. Oh, baby.)
In addition to which, they’re still learning to work in a double harness with each other, and isn’t that a fun image. Not long before this, Sam was still at Stanford, as you’ll recall, living his normal little life, with his bombshell girlfriend (the now mystical and sadly demised Jessica), going to class, and putting the whole “saving people, hunting things” behind him. Dean was road tripping with The Dad, being the commando’s son and second in command, and can you imagine four years on the road with someone who looks like Jeffrey Dean Morgan but who could probably kill you with a twitch?
Okay, Dean doesn’t think of The Dad as being good looking; he’s usually more concerned with following orders to the nth degree so that The Dad will continue to love him and think he’s a Good Son, but as for me? I’d be over the moon. Picture if it you will, this fantasy. Me and The Dad together in the Impala. (The boys aren’t in this fantasy at all, okay?) The Dad’s driving; I’m in the passenger seat, in charge of the maps, I’m the navigator. He’s talking about getting over the pass before night falls, because it’s dangerous there when it gets dark. I tell him there’s a motel just up ahead. He looks over at me with a flash of dark eyes and a smile…okay. Stopping now. And don’t laugh. Every other fangirl has had this exact same fantasy, or something like it. Anyway. Funny how even when The Dad’s not in an episode, he is.
The boys look particularly out of place and uncivilized when they go to the wake of the dead guy to talk to his daughters, Donna and Lilly, and their friends, Charlie and Jill. In addition to their anti-suburbia scruffiness (Dean’s hair looks adorably like that of a hastily-brushed bear here), their faces are yummy. I don’t know who did the makeup for this ep, but I think they are using cool-toned shades on the boys, colors that are throwbacks to the ‘80s, when mauve was king (or, rather, queen), and the trend was to use the same color on eyes, cheeks, and lips, if you can imagine anything so bold. What this does, in effect, is make the boys glow, like they were caught in an aureole of light. (Well, when there is any light.) Their lips are the color of soft, ripe grapes, or, my ever-loving favorite, raspberries. And their eyes? Oh my. Sam’s are the color of dark jade; Dean’s are the color of sea washed emeralds, and I’m not kidding here. Watch this ep in slow motion or get someone’s screen caps for some awesomely nice close-ups. I’ve never seen them looking so utterly delish.
The boys try talking to Donna, who insists that a stroke killed her dad. Younger sister Lilly (she stupid enough to take the dare option at the slumber party) speaks up at Sam’s urging to announce that she did it, she called BM from her mirror. This is dismissed by Donna and Charlie, who look too well groomed to be grieving overly much. Then, besides being, you know, fantastic looking, Dean steps into the conversation to make sense of it all. First, he always interacts well with kids, being but a big kid himself, and second, he knows what all hunters know and that is that creepy monsters follow rules. With his five-o’clock-regardless-of-the-time-of-day shadow making him even more scruffy than usual, Dean is logic itself. “You didn’t kill your dad,” he says. “I mean, your dad didn’t say it?” Then he pauses, looking for confirmation from Lilly. “Right?” His is the perfect combination of interrogation and reassurance, right up there with the brilliance of Starsky and Hutch. (Hey, Dean, you can interrogate me any time.)
So anyway, Sam and Dean march into the local mortuary to check out the dead body. They’re posing as medical students and you can see they’re not quite comfortable with their lie yet. They manage to muddle through, but when the guy at the desk still refuses them entry, Sam pulls out a wad of cash. Dean protests to Sam that hey, he earned that money! Sam says, “You WON it in a poker game.” Dean goes, “Yeah?” Like, that’s supposed to matter? To Dean, winning and earning are the same thing. Sam, of course, knows the difference between the two. What’s interesting to me here is the fact that if Dean won the money, what’s it doing in Sam’s wallet? Did Dean instantly hand over his winnings to Sam, or was there a tussle about it? Does that make Sam the banker? Does Dean get an allowance? Personally, I don’t think he’d stand for that, so I kind of imagine that their money is communal, and they both pull out of a common kitty, and Sam just happens to have the nicer wallet. What’s Dean’s is Sam’s and vice versa. Which is rather nice, you know?
What’s not nice are Charlie’s friends. Jill, at this point, thinks the whole BM legend is a hoot and just to show us all how brave (and stupid) she is, she invokes BM, pretends to scream, and then laughs like a shrew when Charlie panics. Don’t worry though. Jill gets hers. She bleeds out of her eyeballs and messes up that cute little yellow top she’s wearing and I’d say she had it coming.
Then the boys head out to the library to research the whole mess, but the computers are down, ha ha, and the boys must do research the hard way, by reading books and pulling out actual newspapers from the files. With piles and piles of information, they hide themselves away in their motel room, where Sam has one of his now-famous nightmares about Jessica burning on the ceiling. (He had one earlier in the ep, too.) Looking dreamy and sleepy when he wakes up in spite of his nightmare, he is pure fantasy fodder, and he wants to know why Dean let him sleep.
Dean says it’s because he’s an awesome brother, and I’d say this was true, in addition to the fact that he’s an awesome looking guy. Maybe it’s the holes in the knees of his jeans that get me because, as everyone knows by this time, I like ‘em scruffy. Like the Corduroy Bear, you know, the one in the kid’s story? That’s the one where the bear spent ages on the shelf because he was a little ratty looking and no one wanted him until the little girl bought him and took him home and patched him up. Not because she wanted him any different than he was, but because she felt he would be more comfortable that way. Dean reminds me of that bear.
More seriously, the looks Dean gives Sam are a sharp indication how worried Dean is. His main concern is, of course, Sam first, Sam last, Sam always. What with the nightmares and Sam not talking about it as well as not sleeping, Dean is beside himself to know how to help. On top of which, this scene presses one of my personal buttons. When I am watched over while I sleep, I feel a sense of safety and well being that is compelling and addictive. When I watch over someone else while they sleep, I feel the mama bear chemicals kick in and I dare, just DARE, anyone to disturb my sleeping charge. So, in watching this exchange, I get a good sense for what it must be like for both of them, both the watcher and the sleeper, and the swirl of emotion and love that lurks beneath the easy-going, tough-guy banter is palatable to me.
Interrupting this brotherly interlude, Charlie calls. She tells them about her new ex-best friend Jill, who stupidly summoned BM and is now dead. Eyeless. Bloodless. Sam and Dean rush to Charlie’s side and she agrees to help them research by letting them into the houses of the people that died. There’s a cute bit where Dean flirts into the little digital camera Sam’s got in his hands, and I always want to know, who is Dean flirting with, the camera or Sam? Plus, the question of the boys involving civilians on a hunt always worries me. Besides the fact that they get so many people to believe them (Is it their good looks? Their charm? Their rumpled hair?), why would they involve someone without any training in dealing with what they deal with? Is it safe? Is it responsible? No and no, but probably the boys without The Dad to guide them need all the help they can get and so forgo the protection of the innocents to solve the gig.
Luckily, with Charlie’s help, it doesn’t take long for Sam and Dean to figure out what’s going on, that the BM legend is real and has a basis in fact in Toledo, Ohio. I guess Toledo should be glad to be famous for something other than having “no springs, honest weight” as their motto. Now they’re known for this chick who kills people with a secret to keep, where the secret involves someone dying. Dean shows us his brains when he is the one who figures out that when BM was murdered, her spirit got caught in a mirror, and if they find the mirror and smash it, they can end her reign of terror.
[nms:CW Supernatural,2,1]
Then, Charlie’s soon-to-be ex-friend Donna thinks Charlie is nuts and, yes, you guessed it, summons BM in a bathroom at school. Will they never learn? A school is the worst place, the absolute worst place to do this. BM then comes after Charlie. One notable thing about this ep in addition to all the messy, blood-soaked deaths is the quality and volume of the screaming. Normally, screams sound fake to me when they’re on TV, like the actors practiced and practiced and when it comes down to the final take, they’ve used it all up, and it comes out more like a squawk. All the screaming in this ep is good, but top kudos go to Charlie, who as she is being chased, is a whirling storm of believable terror.
After which, she’s convinced that the boys are not psychopaths or anything, and calls on them for help. They lock her in their motel room for her own protection (which is not as kinky as it sounds), and have a chat with her. Dean plays bad cop, making Charlie tell them her sob story about her suicide-committing ex-boyfriend. Poor Charlie. It looks like everyone she cares about dies. Sam, who can, like relate, plays the good cop, and boy is he good.
The lighting guys, they’re at it again. Fighting with each other over me, and I suffer for it, because I’m a Deangirl and Dean is almost in darkness except for a flicker of his eyes in this scene. But Sam? The guy lighting him must have been in love with me and won the argument, because Sam makes up for it. He’s lit up like an angel; the lines of his face pure like a marble statue, and his eyes as earnest and as clean as precious stones from the earth itself. In fact, there’s a particular quality to the way this whole episode was filmed. I don’t know what the style is called, but the boys are consistently filmed with one half of their faces in the pitch-blackness, as if to symbolize the stuff you don’t know about them, which, at the beginning of Season 1, is a lot. (editor’s note – it’s called  “ chiarascuro, ” and it’s a really cool effect.)
This episode also has dither. The boys dither in a bathroom, in a morgue, at the library, at the motel, in the car as they drive around in daylight, and then, joy of joys, they dither in the car at night. In the rain. It’s like a dither dance, and I join in, because I love it when they dither. In this dither, Sam determines that he’s going to set himself up as bait to summon BM. She’ll only come if you have a secret see, and Sam’s got one. Dean wants to know what it is, to which Sam replies that if he told, it wouldn’t be a secret would it. What gets fun is the fact that Dean says no, no, no, little brother isn’t allowed to do this. And Sam? Stubborn lad, he sits there and says yes, just once. Guess who wins the day? That Sam. So spoiled. And, truth be told, far more stubborn than Dean.
But yeah, right. That’s not even the best part. This scene is masterfully filmed. Dean pulls the Impala over to the side of the road, and, as it rains, and as the headlights from cars coming and going pass over them, the boys talk. The lights, flickering and sliding over their faces, add a wonderful punch and depth to the scene. Sometimes the boys are lit up all sparkly like fireworks, other times, they’re cast so dark it’s like they’re at the bottom of a well. And, I don’t know if it’s the camera guy or the lighting guy who’s responsible for the cinematography, or what you call the style, but here goes.
Did you ever see In Cold Blood, the movie? The original 1967 black and white version starring Robert Blake as Perry Smith? Well, at the end of that movie, there’s this scene where Perry is talking about his childhood as he stands next to a window. Outside it is raining. By some marvelous fluke of filming, some say oil on the window, or the way the light is shining through the rain and the glass, it looks like tears are running down Perry’s face, even though the character is smiling. It is said that the rain cried for Perry. As far as I know, cameramen have been trying to duplicate the original technique for ages and have never been able to capture it to its fullest effect. Here, in this scene, take a close look. Go slo-mo if you can, and watch Sam’s face. I don’t know if they get it totally right, but you can see it: Sam’s secret about Jessica and the rain crying for him. Brilliant.
Once the boys finish this marvelous dither, they go to the antique store (it’s agreed that Sam will be bait), and Sam summons BM. I love how neither one of them is quite comfortable with the evil they are about to confront. The cute part is Dean going outside to hold off the cops who have answered the alarm set off by the boys rummaging around in the antique store. Dean pretends to be the boss’s kid, which goes over like a bag of bricks, because the owner’s ancestors came from another part of the world than Dean’s ancestors did, and Dean is forced to take down the two rentacops with his bare hands. Stop and think about this for a minute. I know I did. With his bare hands? This guy is a fighter. We’re lucky to have him on our side.
Sam, on his own, is terrified, brandishing a crowbar and looking out of the corners of his eyes as though he’s about to play a satanic game of Whack-A-Mole. He confronts additional problems when his reflection in the mirror announces to him that it’s his fault Jessica died. Now, this is nothing I’m sure Sam hasn’t told himself a hundred gazillion times, but to hear it come out of his own mouth, in the raw voice of his alter ego, must have been rather disconcerting. The blood is bright red too, tracking down Sam’s face like stripes on the American flag.
He’s overcome by his guilt and the bleeding and the pain, and collapses, and voila, Dean arrives just in time to smash the mirror that BM is in. Herein, as well, is contained, the world-famous thumb scene, where Dean wipes the blood from Sam’s face with the side of his thumb as he worries and hovers. When I saw this scene, I just about came apart. It’s one thing to hear Dean call his brother a jerk and know it means something much nicer. It’s another to see this tender moment amidst the shards of glass and the violence, and when I saw it, my insides turned to goo. Did Dean just do that loving and gentle thing? Yes, he did, he most certainly did, and it exemplifies for fangirls everywhere just how much he cares about his brother.
But out BM lurches from her busted mirror, looking like that chick from the Ring movies , and she comes after them, making Dean’s eyes bleed, too. Dean, yeah, he’s smart enough to trick her at her own game, and shows her her own reflection, at which point, she dies. Horribly. But back up, will ya? Why are Dean’s eyes bleeding? Your eyes only bleed in this scenario if you have a secret that you’ve kept where someone died. So? What’s his secret? Message to Kripke: We’re still waiting for the answer on this one. Dude.
They drop Charlie off in the morning, looking worse for wear. I see years of therapy in front of her, in addition to which, she’s now got to find new friends, as all of her other ones have died or betrayed her. Horribly. Sam tells her that she should forgive herself, and Dean agrees that Sam should do the same. Then, now that the gig of the week has been solved, dither has been shared, whumpage has been served and received, Dean wants to know what was the secret that Sam baited BM with. He wants to know, as do we all, right?
The ep finishes with Sam’s response, which ranks up there as a highlight for fangirls. Sam, looking about 16 for some reason, turns to Dean and speaks these historic words: “Look. You’re my brother and I’d die for you, but there are some things I need to keep to myself.” I’m not sure how Padalecki put so much punch into that statement without making it maudlin or morose. He makes the character mean it by the sheer power of his voice. And by the same token, he makes me believe it. Watch as Ackles gives us Dean’s reaction, a single twitch of the eyes telling us that while he’s moved at the fact that Sam would die for him, he’s hurt down to his soul that Sam won’t share and care. With one eye twitch? Sheesh. Now that’s acting. As for Sam? He’s seeing visions of Jessica on the street in a pure white nightie, and who knows what that means. But what fun, what fun, going along for the ride, trying to figure it out. I call shotgun!
Sylvia Bond is a ten-year technical writing veteran with too many degrees under her belt to count. She lives in Colorado, but does not ski, preferring instead to spend her money and time at the annual Great American Beer Festival, taking road trips across the United States, and reading historical fiction from the comfort of her fluffy green arm chair. She has been involved in fandom since 1993 and been writing fanfic since approximately 1993. What she finds most amazing about fandom (besides the open heartedness of fans and the sheer amount of creativity) is how visible fandom has become. “In my day,” she says, “we had to hide behind P.O. boxes to get fanfic. But nowadays, people wear t-shirts that shout their affiliation and share their shiny toys on the internet.” It’s a wonderful world.
Never miss an update. Subscribe to Pink Raygun by Email or subscribe via RSS
Related Stuff:
If you enjoyed this post, please consider leaving a comment or subscribing to the RSS feed to have future articles delivered to your feed reader.
Article by Sylvia Bond
Sylvia Bond is a ten-year technical writing veteran with too many degrees under her belt to count. She lives in Colorado, but does not ski, preferring instead to spend her money and time at the annual Great American Beer Festival, taking road trips across the United States, and reading historical fiction from the comfort of her fluffy green arm chair. She has been involved in fandom since 1993 and been writing fanfic since approximately 1993. What she finds most amazing about fandom (besides the open heartedness of fans and the sheer amount of creativity) is how visible fandom has become. "In my day," she says, "we had to hide behind P.O. boxes to get fanfic. But nowadays, people wear t-shirts that shout their affiliation and share their shiny toys on the internet." It's a wonderful world.
