By Johnny Pastrami on Jul 11, 2008 04:07 PM
I recently tried "Cape Cod Bloody Mary Co" mix and was quite impressed.
Good flavor balance, nice horseradish kick.
Permalink | Reply
By davis_sq_pro on Sep 28, 2008 09:18 AM
Do you have a Trader Joe's in your area? I love their basic bloody mary mix--rich, good texture, yummy, and a good price.
By french roast on Sep 28, 2008 03:09 PM
I like using clamato juice.
Permalink | Reply
By luv2eatct on Jan 21, 2009 08:31 AM
For all of you that love adding the liquid from jars of olives, rejoice!  That's exactly what you get when you buy "dirty martini" mixer.  You can get it in 750 ml. bottles at places like BevMo.  Now if only I could get bottles of just pickle juice, all sorts of different flavors.  I got lucky with an incredible find at a Grocery Outlet (discount grocery store, you can google it) and got a bunch of (instant, powder) Ball Pickle Seasoning mixes, which you just add vinegar and water (and sugar for the bread and butter type) to, but the flavors do take a long time to come out.  Another option is to buy a gallon jar of pickles, pour off the liquid, and cover the pickles up again with vinegar,  water, garlic and pickling spice (the kind with whole leaves and berries and peppercorns), and let the old pickles and new ingredients marry for a couple of months.
There are so many ways of making Bloody Marys that there are Bloody Mary parties here... like salad bars.  You get your booze and add everything else you want yourself.   I like just drinking the mixers straight, over ice with some salt to make the ice melt faster, but there are so many delicious ways of altering the mixers that I could play around with that stuff all day long.
Also, Clamato is awesome... I used to love that stuff so much, but it's been so long since I treated myself to it.  I'm sure now it's been watered down considerably, and knowing American palates, there's more salt and/or sweetener than the last time I had it, and less clam and tomato.
For everyone watching the carbs/calories, there's a low-carb, no-sugar-added, low-calorie Bloody Mary mix from "Finest Call".  3 net carbs/serving (4 total carbs minus 1 fiber carb = 3 net carbs), 15 calories/4 fl ounces.  It's high in sodium, at 760mg/4 fl ounces.  Contains 68% juice.  The ingredients include molasses, worcestershire sauce, smoke flavor, celery salt, and celery seed oil, so it's really quite tasty to begin with.
