By Matt Freeman in The Informer / no comments
 
It’s about that time of year, everyone is hanging decorations to terrify the children, carving pumpkins and I’ll be summoning “Bloody Mary’s” spirit so she may avenge herself.
The original story of the famed “Bloody Mary” is about Mary Tudor . Mary Tudor was the daughter of Henry the 8th. Mary was a devote Catholic; the only way to salvation and redemption was through Christ according to her and all non believers were heretics and must be executed for their crimes. Upon Mary’s position when she got her opportunity to take the throne she butchered and burned thousands of Protestants as heretics and bathed in their blood which in turn labeled her by the name of “Bloody Mary”. Another story is about Mary Worth, she was a witch from about 100 years ago who was involved in the black arts. She was found and accused and in result executed for her crimes. She was also labeled “Bloody Mary”.
This story I am going to tell you is about another witch from American Folklore that used to kidnap the children for blood harboring and soul devouring. This story takes place in old America. Bloody Mary lived deep in the woods right outside a village. Bloody Mary was supposedly draining the blood from the children and eating their souls to stay young and ever lasting.
One night, a daughter of one of the villagers rose out of her slumber and was following an enchanted sound that only she could here. After witnessing the daughters trance they decided to follow her to see where she is being led. Off in the distance, there was a strange light at the edge of the woods. Behold it was Bloody Mary trying to lure the daughter with her spell of enchantment. Upon realizing this, the farmer loaded his gun and took a shot toward the light. The bullet struck the witch and the townsmen grouped together to finish the job. The town’s people set up a grand bon fire to burn “Bloody Mary” at the stake. When the fire was settled the villagers set out to the old cabin at the edge of the woods where “Bloody Mary” resided. Only to witness the missing children from all the years were found amongst the many graves at the site. It was said that she would tear their bodies to pieces and rip their souls from the mutilated children. “Bloody Mary” recited a curse that if any one mentioned her name aloud before a mirror, she would send her spirit to revenge herself upon them for her terrible death.
Still to this day, children try to recite the curse for their own curiosity. If you are interested or feel that this is a hoax, try it out! Let me know if curiosity indeed kills the cat. Go into the bathroom, turn out the lights, spark a candle and look into the mirror and recite Bloody Mary 3 times or until it works. After the given amount of chants, the spirit will then appear in a mirror to claw your eyes out . Death will follow. Other variations have her driving you insane or pulling you into the mirror, never to be seen, your eyes being ripped out of their sockets by the witch, claw marks all over your body, disappearing into the mirror with the witch for eternity or dropping dead on the spot when you see the apparition of the witch. Not a bad trade off with the Devil to prove it is all a hoax, right?
GD Star Rating
