Central Valley, CA
10/24/2010
The Langobeers... a slightly twisted alcohol infused remake of the 1990's movie...The Langoliers.....just kidding....and now the beginning of the story....
Status=One Hour Flight Delay to SFO= Beer/Food Seeking Behavior = Bloody Mary's Bar @ SD Airport= $$$
 (note: This just tops off a generally crappy weekend down south)
....Firstly and most incredibly, they proof me....me a grizzled gray haired ape-like creature and almost ready for a Nursing Home & Depends!  Why you may ask? There is a sign that they ID all guests!  Since when did post-9/11 rules make us total Retards....it Depends!
....so I get a nice cold draft pint of Hefeweizen with lemon wedge for nine buckaroonies...and I start to feel better...
beer is great for my Dementia and Alzheimers...now who am I again,
................. oh yeh..........the idiot who is stuck in the airport!
   I had also found a free AC outlet for my Airbook & I guess sometime in the past century, they started free Wi-Fi in airports....several years back I used to fly regularly, for hundreds of times, between the islands of Hawaii for the Government...no Wi-Fi, but plenty of beer & pupus!  ((Airports then also had a decent selection of Sci-Fi paperbooks for sale...now here at this "modern" airport they have overpriced horrible crap by L. Ron Hubbard, the Schizophrenic Scientologist...(only in California!))
 WOW! now I can Yelp in real time!
 My Burger with big crunchy waffle style fries comes...it looks good and the fries are great....the "Air"-Burger...well it falls into the gray area just above McDs and well below the Heavenly Ruth's Chris's version that I had the other night...but it is edible and reminds me of fine horsemeat :)
 The waiters are pleasant. One showed enough interest in my Virgin America delay, to give me a valuable tip, that my flight delay may not be as long as they say....Thanks!
 
 In many airports, like JFK, they show not the slightest interest and let you rot until you mummify !
  It appears that the Bar is populated by the "flight challenged" who are also waiting in Limbo...I look out the window and it is omniously overcast, and for some reason, I think of The Langoliers movie, (which had stupid special effects at the end.)..but before that, it was quite disturbing...like Hitchcock's The Birds...
 I get another beer with lemon, and a huge order of fries....time is starting to accelerate to a more normal speed, and hopefully, just hopefully...I will get out of this airport without being assaulted by any Langoliers or Birds....
....Thanks in part to Bloody Mary's Bar, Gabriel, & crew!
