Go to last comment
cristinab  3 years ago
I have to admit that I would never try this when I was a kid and would still never try it now. Its not that I necessarily believe but at the same time I don't tempt things. I would hate to be turned into a believer. Nice hub!
crazyhorsesghost  3 years ago  from East Coast , United States
Hub Author
Thanks and no I've never tried it either. I'm to afraid of what might happen. Thanks for your comment to.
sexyblonde4u  3 years ago
Never would dare to try it because she as I did she would be there in the mirror or drag me in it.
crazyhorsesghost  3 years ago  from East Coast , United States
Hub Author
I'm thinking about getting a few people to do it while I film it. Would be interesting to do it and see what happens.
SEXIIPRINCESS 3 years ago
OKAY HERES WHAT HAPPENED ONE DAY WHILE I WAS STILL IN ELEMENTRY SCHOOL WE HAD A BLACK OUT AND ME AND MY FRIEND WE WERE IN THE BATHROOM WHILE THAT HAPPEND AND SO I DARED MY FRIEND TO SAY BLOODY MARY 3 TIMES BUT I GOT OUT WHEN SHE WAS ON THE SECOND ONE AND SHE DID IT AND SHE DIDNT CAME OUT SHE WAS IN THERE FOR LIKE ABOUT 10 OR 15 MINUTES WHEN SHE FINALLY CAME OUT SHE CAME OUT CRYING SHE TOLD ME THAT SHE SAID IT AND ON THE THRID ONE SHE SAID SHE SAW A LIGHT AND THAT THE VIRGIN MARY APPEARED THERE INSIDE THE BATHROOM CRYING BLOOD AND THAT SHE WAS LOOKING AT HER AND OUT OF NOTHING THAT SHE SAW THE VIRGIN MARY TRANSFERMING INTO SUM SCARY THING THAT SHE DIDNT NOW WHAT IT WAS AND THATS WHEN SHE RANED OUT CRYING
LET ME TELL U GUYS SUMTHING TO NEVER TRY DOING IT CAUSE IT MIGHT NOT WORK FOR SUM PPL BUT IT DOES WORKS FOR PPL THAT BELIVE
crazyhorsesghost  3 years ago  from East Coast , United States
Hub Author
Nice reply. Thanks
kayley 3 years ago
well i said her name three times and had a candle in the bathroom and nothing worked so that means that she is not real idk but she might be LOL!!!
kappa022  3 years ago  from Florida
Nice, I remember being dared to do this when I was younger, good times.
jennic 3 years ago
everyone knows the bigger legend of bloddy mary but i myself have never been brave enought to say her name infront of a mirror. where i live we have our own local legend...
A woman named Elizabeth had a child without being married so she was shunned from the community she took her daughter and moved here where there was a small home where she could raise her child in peace. People avoided her n her bastard child but Elisabeth lived in contentment. Her daughter mary was beautiful but being a bastard ment that she had no future. Mary had very little education but she got by until she was 17. Her mother left the house one day and while she was gone sum one crept into the house and found mary. I don't know how many people were involved but they raped and cut marys body to ribbons. When her mother came home mary was still alive but bleeding everywhere. Her last words to her mother were theyll all pay. If they come into this house and say my name ill come back for them. When mary died her mother hung herself. the mess that was mary was buried in an unmarked grave underneath her mother on the grounds of the house.
To this day the house still stands and its said if you go inside her home and say her name that she pulls you to the other side to suffer her pain and death for eternity. Poeaople have gone into the house and its reported that most don't come back. Sense its mostly teenagers there all written off as run aways. Me and my friends decided to go into the house one halloween night. When we went in we discovered that no one had cleand up after the deaths. There was still glass every where and what looked like blood. We all stayed together but we heard screaming from somewhere in the house. My friend wanted to say her name but i was to scared to let her. we followed the sounds but they always moved. Things started crashing around and the screaming got closer. By then i had had enough n i left daggin my friends with me. I don't know what happend that night but ive always hoped it was some one playin a trick on us but no one knew we would be there.
I don't know how much of the story is true but in the archives me and my loser friends searched up it listed marys murder n her mothers suicide. It named no burial site. The house was condemed and borded up for a long time until people got curiouse. Its in such a remote spot that no one has torn it down and it still stands to tempt teenagers with its mystery. I for one will never enter that house again.
Vicki Bitis 2 years ago
Mary Worth(ington) was a witch long ago. She studied the Dark Arts without her parents finding out. When they found out soon enough, they buried her alive with a string tied to her hand. At the end of the string was a bell. This is to see if Mary will ever make up her mind that she'll never do the Dark Arts again. Some say that she scratched her eyes out, then scratched the top of the coffin until her fingernails came off, giving her name "Bloody Mary". Now today, if you're brave enough to summon her, you go infront of a bathroom mirror, lights off with three candles, chanting "BLOODY MARY" three times while spinning around, she'll come and scratch your eyes out too.
Eva 2 years ago
well i have tried but with the light on with my friend so i haven't seen anything but when i said her name the third time i ran away but my friend stayed when she came to talk to me she said "how could you leave me there? the mirror started fuzzing up!" i couldn't believe my ears as she explained all i can ask you is please dont do it with the lights off you might be in serious danger..........
Brandon 2 years ago
when i went into the bathroom and i turned off the light and i brought in a black wax candle and i said bloody mary 3 times and i saw an old lady with like dirty blonde hair and she was like all bloody with cuts and stuff and she tried to climb out of my bathroom mirror and i turned on the light and i had a horrible feeling in my stomach that something was gonna happen. Then one night after i did it and i was trying to go to sleep, i heard someone say specifically, "i will get you" i was so scared that i could barely sleep so now i always sleep with a nightlight on just in case of Bloody Mary.
Esther 2 years ago
ok so heres the story
there was a blackout in my house when me and my friends were having a sleepover. we dared ourselves to do the whole bloody mary thing and we did...i am the only survivor. all of my friends got their faces scratched off and stabbed to death. i heard screaming, then in the morning when the lights were back on, i walk into the bathroom and i see my 2 other friends laying there in the bathtub filled with blood and they had no faces. THEY ALL DIED. and thats my story..no joke.
Aubrey s & Carly h  2 years ago
we tryied it it did work.
jaymee and connor 2 years ago
my boyfriend and i tried it, i saw her, he didn't we both had identical scratches on the back of our right hands that spelled "mb". it really is freaky, and that's totally that dudes dad. also, she doesnt look like that, she looks like an average medieval royalty woman. she just had a scratch on her face.
Dollhex  2 years ago  from Texarkana
And if I say candy man three times will the actor Tony Todd bust out of the mirror with a hook and sign my auntograph?That would seriously be cool ;)
As for bloody Mary, where did you get your info? It seems to be completely fabricated...The real Bloody Mary was a Queen named Elizabeth Queen of Bathory. She bathed in the blood of virgin girls that were taken from local families.
I have never heard of anyone else associated with the " bloody Mary" story.
Aims  2 years ago
bloody mary is not real you just think she is real
SaraROX 2 years ago
seiosly im to chiken to do bloody mary after all the storys that i rad but when i was in year 3 i said to my bffs im no chiken shes nor real so i said it quikly 3 times nothing happend and i rushed out when the bell rang and now im fasinated by all the stories there cool through the day and scary as sh*t at night
Viper 2 years ago
after all the hearings of bloody mary i thought i should try this. so i got my two friends and we went to my house  bathroom we asked if we could light a candle aperently my mom say no. but we tried it anyway when i did it i saw a woman with black hair with blood dripping down the fringdes. i looked at the mirror and saw a hand reach out for me i saw my hand being grabbed and my eyes closed i saw my self running home with a woman following me i didnt realize the lights were on and my friends tried to wake me up. when i opened my eyes my arm was bleeding and i was crying. my friend asked me wtf happend and when i got done explaining i saw bloody mary in the mirror again saying ''i will kill you when midnight stikes'' i screamed and ran out the bathroom and sat in the corner of my room when i looked at the mirror i screamed furios and threw a shoe at it when it broke i herd a blood curling scream and when my friends came they looked at the mirror and left a hour later when i slept i woke up at midnight to see bloody mary standing there knocking me out. when i woke up i was in a hospital and in a coma.
I SWEAR TO GOD I SAW BLOODY MARY WITH MY OWN EYES! and i was in a coma for 3 months! take this seriously never sumon bloody mary!!!!!!
phoenixgbr  2 years ago
I once tried when i was a kid - nothing happened at the time but that night I had the most vivid dream I have ever had of an old woman standing over me, her hands around my throat. Probably just an overactive imagination but you never know.
Kayla 2 years ago
I have never got the guts to try saying her name but the legend where i live is this:
there was a girl named mary in england that had made nothing but bad grades the whole year so the parents decided to keep her in a coffin a whole night to teach her a lesson. so when mary got home the parents convinced her that the coffin was her new bed. that night mary got ready for bed and her mom was by her side until she fell asleep. then the mother called to the father and they both shut the lid and locked it. by now mary was awake and was screaming and pounding the coffin lid to get out. for some reason, mary hadnt noticed the big hole her parents dug in the front yard. the parents together carried her coffin out to the hole and left it there, but didnt cover the hole. the mother cried that night to sleep about leaving mary in the coffin. so the next morning at 5:00 am the parents once again went to the hole. they got out the coffin and unlocked it. what they saw shocked them. the lid was bloody and mary fingernails were no longer on her fingertips but scattered all around her and her hands and face and arms and legs were all covered in red blood. mary was still alive but with only a few more breaths. she croaked "youll pay. theyll all pay. say my name in a mirrior three times and ill get you, and youll pay for making me suffer." then right there in the coffin, mary died.... with her eyes open. her eyes had turned a horrible blood red as if rage and her blood together had made their way into them. no matter how hard the parents tried, they could not get her eyes closed, and mary was lying there staring at them. so they closed the coffin again locked it and covered the hole up. that night, the mother thought about what her daughter said about the mirror. so she went in the bathroom, her husband not far behind her and said "mary mary mary" right to the mirror. in two seconds flat she saw her bloody daughter glaring at her and her hubby with pure hate. "you!" she said " i told you when i died that if you were foolish enough to say my name three times i would get you for what you did to me. All the suffering, the pair, the blood. thats why They call me bloody mary"she lopked at the dad then backa t the mother with her red eyes. "now youll join me to suffer the pain and suffering you put me through." with that last sentence, mary, excuse me, Bloody Mary pulled them both into the mirror as it shattered. no one ever heard or saw the parents again
two years later that house mary lived in with her horrible parents was burnt down and they finally found poor marys grave.they picked the lock and opened it. nothin was there but a pool of blood, her fingernails, and a note saying, theyll all pay. say bloody mary to a mirror three times and youll pay."
rasheen 2 years ago
i saw her and she said shes coming she had a knife by my head
dede144 2 years ago
omg she is so real do never try it!!!
kimbery 23 months ago
hi ive had enough guts to do it but with the light on and ever since me and my cuz didi strange things started happening ill never forget that me and my cuz shela were in the livin room of m houseand she started screaming "turn around turn aroud" and when i didi saw a blood woman coming we ran out side and didnt come in until our parents had checed the whole house
Rishy 23 months ago
I did it with my friends, with the light on. We didn't see her face, but the mirror fogged up, like what happens when you have a shower. We didn't have a shower on, though.
Jenna 23 months ago
I'm to freaked out to try it, and my parents said not to, I'd just scare myself.
But I did hear a legend a while ago, don't know if it was bloody Mary but here goes
There once was a girl Named Mary, She was said to be a very rude girl, and she played nasty tricks on all of her servants. One day they had finally had enough and Poisoned her food, thinking it would kill the little brat and that would be the end of it. Like they had planned, Mary ate the poisoned food, but instead of dying, she fell into a coma. Back in her day they didn't understand Coma's, and they assumed she was dead, and she was burried in the church yard in front of the home. But her Mother was sure she wasn't dead, and she insisted a bell be placed on the grave. The way the bell works is Mary is burried with the rope in her hands, and the bell rests obove the earth, and if she rings it, she is still alive. Mary's mother stayed there for days, and the Servants, fearing punishment, convinced her to go inside and get something to eat, and they would watch the Coffin. But when she did go, The two servants watched... As the bell started ringing. She was alive. They just watched it, paralized, as it tolled 13 times. Then, it stopped. They turned around to see mary's mother, who had seen her daughters last plea for help. Mary's mother tried in vain to dig the coffin up alone, while the two servants still stood there. When she finally got to the coffin, she opened it to see her daughter, had in fact been burried alive. Her nails were stuck to the top of the coffin, but her hands were free. She was dead, her eyes torn out, but her hands extended outside of the coffin, pointing at the two Servants. The wind picked up at that moment, and it is said mary was speaking through the wind. "You Shall all Pay. As bloody mary as my name, you will all die horrible Deaths, Just like I did."
JhnWht  23 months ago
It only happens if you believe it will. I tried it without any expectations and I am a live and well. I have only tried it in England so maybe this thing is only associated with the USA if you lot are Yanks.
12amy 21 months ago
yo dis was awsome
charley 16 months ago
hi i have not done it im kind of a chiken wen it comes to things like this but i went to my mates for a sleep over after her chrisening and her parents was down stairs and her little sis was upstairs asleep and me my friend and her cuz came down an said it 3 times with a hammer to break the mirror but we wernt tha scared coz my mates parents was in the other room and we said it an wen we did we ran up and a few min later i heard footsteps and a shadow go in the babys room but the shadow had blood and wen it went in the baby started crying and my mate ran in and she came back out with the baby and the baby had blood on her face we was so fuckin scared then an ran back down with the baby and told my mates mum an dad we then stayed down stairs all nite with the light on and we never slept a wink an through the night i swear i saw bloody mary with my own eyes :( nobody try it  an can anybody tell me y she wanted to take my mates little sister plz
amanda 15 months ago
to charley: she wants to take your friends little sister because in the real true story she had a baby, being unmarried the towns people and high priest figured it was the devils. for she did not tell of the father, so they had no where else to turn. they all tied her to a tree and took turns slicing her face with a mirror shard. when the fathers turn came to pass he looked her straight in the eye and stabed her with the mirror shard, right where her baby was nesled up in her whom. as he stared into her eyes he whispered" bloody marry I killed your baby.". as she screamed in terror she swore that anyone who stred into a mirror wrote, in red their names, lit candles, and spun around each time her name was spoken, then just then she would take them. she would take thier babies,she would take anyone written in red on that mirror.after she had died the tows people did not want an evil presence in the town and sent her to be burried.she was bauried with the mirror uesd to kill her baby. as she was burried you could hear her baby cry as if it were being born and lost in the wind. after a couple of weeks the father had gone insane. he begain to kill everyone in the town. he unbauried her body and scraped her bones clean. he took her mirror and stared into it for days. after a while he worked up the courage to say it, "bloody mary bloody mary bloody mary, my beloved." as he said beloved she apeared in the mirror kissed him and drag him in.he is now in forever torcher only feeling happiness when he thinks of possible life they couldve had if he wouldve spoken up and told the priest. now anyone who does the same as he loses a young child within a year, but if she is thinking of her own child she will mark the child with a blood mark across its face and if she truely sees the future of the baby she will cover it in blood as if saying bloody mary is here my child.
Ashlyn claussen 15 months ago
Is bloody mary real or not? I have not ever seen her before.And are ghost real ether?.And can children only see them.As a child I have always thought they were real and I still do.
jake 11 months ago
I don't know about bloody mary, but I have tried calling the names of 6 demons while in the bathroom with the lights off, 6 black candles and an inverted pentagram which I had smeared blood onto....do not try that. It worked for each one of them, I had no idea what each one of them looked like but  I knew their names so I looked it up later and evidently, the right ones did appear when I called them. It actually didn't scare me at the time, two of them gave me a bit of a creeped out feeling but nothing that bad, BUT about a year after that I had SOMETHING following me. I don't know what, it was just a black figure that was clearly there and I could look at it and it wouldn't move or disappear or anything most of the time and other times it seemed as though it was behind me and I could catch glimpses of it but the problem was I felt VERY disturbed when it was around, I could usually sense that it was hanging around long before I ever actually saw it. The thing would NOT leave until one day I tried banishing it and it worked, but then it apparently showed up to the friends house whom i had banished it with and wont leave there now...and I still see it from time to time but it doesn't really bother me like it used to, so long story short, I don't really recommend trying this sort of thing...
 
kittythedreamer  11 months ago  from Tir na Nog
Level 7 Commenter
There's more to "Bloody Mary" than the first legend. I've heard it in connection to Mary, Queen of the Scots. I've tried the "bloody mary" incantation in a mirror but never met her myself. Thanks for this hub, though. Voted up.
Naomz 10 months ago
I heard that she was beaten up so bad that she slipped into a coma. In those days they didnt understand comas and thought she was dead. When they buried her they left a bell on the surface of her grave with a string tied to her hand to make sure she was dead. That night her parents were so upset that they went out and got drunk. Noone was around when she came out of the coma. She began to freak out, ringing the bell furiously until it toppled over. In the morning when someone came to check on the bell, they found it on its side. They then got her parents and dug her coffin out. WHen they opened it they found her dead with scratches all over the inside of the lid of the coffin. Her finger nails were stuck into the wood.
Apparently she suffocated.
Melody 10 months ago
I had a sleepover at my friends house and we were stupid enough to try the bloody Mary thingy. So each of my friends had a candle (3) and we went in a bathroom and turned the light off and said bloody Mary three times nothing happened so we said it one more time and in her shower we all saw her with no eyes we all ran out . The next day we all had the same dream about bloody Mary saying you girls might die later ...........
We all stayed at her house one more day and we never did the bloody mary thing again
12mimi12 9 months ago
there is a tale in puerto rico if u pass by a semetery there is a old lady standin up and if u stop she will ask u to give her a ride if u say yes everything will befine if u say no she'll clime into ur car make u have a caraxsident
merron 9 months ago
i did it once and i got makse that look like hand marks on my legs and kneas and when i weant to go to the bathroom that night all foasets were runiing wierd
jj in the house 9 months ago
ok wat i read about all ur coments i belive some and others are totaly bogas thats all i'm sayin and i used to believe and ever since i was little after i did it nothing happened so i don't believe anymore but some of urs really reall scared me so i am really freaked out right now
norma 9 months ago
me and my friends did bloody marry and nothing happend but like three days later we had heard someone crying and we went to go check it out and it came from the restroom so my friend opened it aa little and saw a little girl cry because she was soo ugly AND SHE SAW MY FRIEND AND MY FRIEND SCREAMED
AND I LOOKED TO SEE WHAT HAPPEND AND THERE WAS FIVE LONG SCRATHES ON THE SIDE OF HER FACE
Sally 9 months ago
well i wouldnt do it unless i had a friend with me. but i heard the story a little differnt, Well one night a girl named mary was with her friends, her boyfriend and some of his friends had gotten drunk and they started raping marys friends, mary had run away to her house and her boy friend followed her. She ran into the basement boyfriend pushed her she landed head first on the concrete floor and died, of course her boyfriend rapped her....
patty 9 months ago
i have tryed it on several occations. but nothing happened when i did it as said to do. the room was always dark, i had a candle. byt nothing happend
Amiee 8 months ago
I think most of these are a bunch of bologna. I believe in Bloody Mary... but I don't think she really attacks anyone from inside a mirror. I believe in ghosts and demons and everything, but I don't think she'd actually harm anyone. I have done all the ways to bring her out and never saw her once, and I can see ghosts. I think you guys are just silly.
jamilla 8 months ago
one day my sister and her friend and i  were having a sleep over my sisters friend did it ! once
she was done the door was locked . she couldnt  get out  it was crazy. my mom heard her  screaming and she broke in to the bathroom and my friend came running out!
Tay 8 months ago
Nothing like that has ever happened to me and I did it before.
sabrina 8 months ago
I a'm so scared of bloody mary i will not dare to go to the bathroom and say bloody mary three times.
Caydence 8 months ago
I believe when u say bloody Mary in the bathroom with the lights off and u truly believe in it then u are opening up A portal and it might not be bloody Mary but sumthing else u are talking to. It's not a smart idea.
isabella tucker and brittany manwarren 8 months ago
we were messing around an watching scary videos of bloody mary and then we did go in the bathroom an said blood mary in the dark bathroom three times,,,,and we thought we saw something,,but we did not have a lit candle..so does that still count or not because we are seariously majorly seariouslyyyyyy TRIPPINGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
McKenzie 8 months ago
My brother and his friend tossed me in the bathroom, turned off the lights and turned on the fan and I was so young like five or six and I was screaming and crying and they finally let me out but they had a candle lit and they were whispering her name through the door and I came out and they were laughing and then their eyes got all huge and they started saying oh my gosh we are so sorry we didn't know and I looked down and my legs and fists were bleeding but the leg was just where I cut it on a screw sticking out of the drawer (droor for some of u crazies that don't know that word) and my fists from where I was smacking the dor I never saw anything or heard anything and i only believed for a short while they still dont know how I got all bloodied up to this very day I'm 14 and my bro is 22 and his friend is 23. Now the joke is on them! Nice comments everyone even though some are unbelievable like the one where two of his friends died, I didn't hear anything on the news did anyone else. I liked reading the different versions, thanks guys!!!!
Kristen Burshett 8 months ago
i am scared of bloody mary
Jessi 8 months ago
I went in my bathroom by myself,and said bloody mary 3 times and nothing happened.Its not my first time saying it either.I even tried the whole spinning around 3 times thing and still nothing.
leann2800  8 months ago
Level 5 Commenter
This is great! I remember doing that when I was a kid with my sister and friends.
renee 8 months ago
I've never tried it but I want to my boyfriend said he will try it with me but if he sees Sumner then he shootiing it LOL lets see way happens
amanda 7 months ago
My friend and i were at school and tried it obvioulsy couldnt turn the lights off or everybody would be suspicious and she tried it and it didn't work but i do believe in some stories. also, we cant light a candle or we will go in trouble
Marina 7 months ago
When I was in elementary, I had a very troublemaker friend. She would tell me stories. She was the first one who told me about this Urban Legend...
One day, she told me she was going to do it in the restroom that was already creepy enough. She talked about it and asked me many times to join her. She wouldn't shut up about it so I told her I would do it with her.
We went in the school restroom, when we did it, the lights flickered and completely turned off. We heard a female voice. The restroom was soundproof so it wasn't from outside. When the lights turned back on, we where scared, frighten. I wanted to get out of there as soon as possible, but she held my arm and told me not to leave.
She told me she had to go to the restroom, and she wasn't going anywhere else, but here. I thought she was crazy, but like I told you, was a troublemaker. I was alone, standing and staring at the mirror, I didn't see anything, so that was good, but when she was done she went to wash her hands. The water didn't turn off at the time it should of had. We got more scared and we ran away.
We decide to return later that day, and the water was still going. We laugh, and forgot about what happened earlier.
I was still scared from that restroom though, and I'm still frighten about that place, even if I don't go there anymore.
Jaybe Reese 7 months ago
honestly i really have done this before and i thought i saw bloody mary i turned around and it was my friend tricking me. some people are over reacting with this stuff im not saying it isnt true but i just dont believe it is.
Jaybe Reese 7 months ago
the story of how she died maybe real. but what is supppose to happen doesnt. people that think something does happen its probably somebody scaring u or it may be in ur head im not saying any of ya'll are crazy or anything just making a point here... LATA!!!
Mike 7 months ago
I agree with Jaybee on the part it may be in your head. People tend to mistake everyday things as monsters and figures when it is dark. It also doesnt help when the movie Bloody Mary gives you an image to think of when you say bloody mary three times.
A Believer 7 months ago
Be careful with what you play with. I and a friend did it and there was a old woman looking out of the mirror at us. And I assure you that it really happened to us. It was spooky as hell. So be careful what you do
eli 7 months ago
so yesterday me and my freind went to the bathroom the light was off so we said "hey lets do it" i say 'do what'  he says bloody **** so we went out told people went back in did it it did not work so i banged on the mirror and said "what a load" so i banged again and a girl with a white dress was standing there we ran screaming out of that place so we told someone went back in and i said "are you sure" he said"yeah" so we went in did it a old lady was next to the mirror staring at me and him  we ran out and went in one more time she was right next tgo the door way and i think im cursed for life or dead
Jomo 7 months ago
Well I was with my friend and we did the.Bloody Mary trick and we saw nothing later that night I saw a lady pass by my fridge and yesterday night my microwave  was open and my toaster was flipped over
Lexi and clara and clio 7 months ago
ok you better watch out for what you do so me and my sister wanted to do this so we had are younger sister wait out the door and me and my older sis went in there we said it three times and we had a candle it went light and dark off and on and we saw something in the middle of us it look like a old women so we walked slowly out and are candle right when we left it blew out and we where scared to death so we walked down stairs and there was a pair of pants where we had a skull hanging up for halloween. so watch out for what you do
Angelina 7 months ago
WOW, I mean the first video up there i sjust so gross but just so cool and its a bit scary too. but i do not believe it. if anybody has some stories of haunted houses and ghosts and bloody mary send it to this address please : angelinasbastian@rocketmail.com
Beth 7 months ago
Today my friends and I went into the bathroom with a candle turned the lights off with one candle, one person touching the mirror and chanted,"bloody Mary" 13 times, nothing happened we kept the camera on the candle. My friend Noah began to chant "I killed you son, i killed your baby" all of a sudden the sink turned on and the candle blew out and the door locked. My friend haliegh stayed outside and got the door open before we died. It was freaking scary. I have it all on tape now though!
Blahhhmonkey 7 months ago
Me and my friend tried this in the bath room we  seen a light in the mirror and we ran out of the room scared
Dare devil 7 months ago
I have tried all sorts of sh*t but i took a vow not to try this one OMG!i lived in my school dorm every night my friends and i told scary storys and one of them told the leagend of bloody mary we desided to dare one of the boys in the male dorm to do it they did they siad they saw nothing but they all had the same srcatch on thir rgiht hand that healed in a day
Dare devil 7 months ago
I have tried all sorts of sh*t but i took a vow not to try this one OMG!i lived in my school dorm every night my friends and i told scary storys and one of them told the leagend of bloody mary we desided to dare one of the boys in the male dorm to do it they did they siad they saw nothing but they all had the same srcatch on thir rgiht hand that healed in a day
olivia 7 months ago
i know i am only nine but bloody mary is real and me and my friend done it and growld and we could see a scary face so we have made a club about bloody mary and black lady thing whati dont belive
me 7 months ago
i did it and i seen a light and went out screaming
moco555 7 months ago
i have not tried it but my freind has i dared her 2 so she went in the bathroom and said it three times she was in there for a while and see came out screaming and crying she told me she see her i thought see was joking me but that night i was sleeping over at her house she woke me up screaming in her sleep she told me her dream her dream was about bloody mary wraped in chains and she was saying i wil get u !
katperry45453 7 months ago
i triyed it before  i was with my brother a night i will never forget we have a cracked mirror up stairs a we brought a candle with us we shut the door it was dark so we light the candle my brother said her name three times nothing happened so i tried it nothing happened then we both tryed in the back of us we say a ugly woman reaching out for us she was mumbling something we could not understand it it was like she was puting a curse on us we were FREAKIN OUT so we ran out we did not tell our parents so that night we went to bed we had the same dream  she was saying that she would kill us me and my brother both had a mini coma that night we never told are parents days after that my other brother would never go in that bathroom he said he sees the old lady saying stuff to him he has nightmars still today
olivia 7 months ago
me and my friends belive in her and i went in the school showers and when i loked it then i opend it it was so scary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KRISTINA 6 months ago
bloody mary is real i have done it and so have my friends and we have been scarred so please whatever it is u want to do, DONT PLAY BLOODY MARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nancyg6  6 months ago
SOS im seriose one night me and some other freinds(about five of us) were at a party we were playing truth or dare and one of my freinds dared another to do bloddy mary my freind agreeed so long as we all went wiht her. we snuck in my freinds coboured and took out a candle we got out some mathces and we lit it. we turned the lights off and the door open my freind said it three times and sad;ey nothing happend we all wen to bed that night as it was a sleep over when we woke up everything was fine and every thing was fine but get this every day she claimed to see a bloody women at night when she woke up. the next day she was the last one to wake up and we alll heard singing then we went upstairs and we saw our freind with a big scar and she didnt say a word when we had asked her what ahppend she just looked at us in a hateful way and she didnt say what happend she just said she wished it were the other girl who did it because it was her dare and its her fault because of what happend
nancyg6  6 months ago
omg she is not real it turned out that the scar was fake but whatever you do donot go and do it
nancyg6  6 months ago
bloody mary will onley appear if you beleive that she wil
smellmyfarttheneatit 6 months ago
she is real just bellive
lola18914 6 months ago
ok the story i hav been told was that when mary was young that all the girls haad 2 be nuns so she became one but that year ythey had a ball or something like that and she had a love but nuns could not love but she did so the elderly nuns hunted her down brought her 2 the top or thr church and killed her she was crying bloody tears she watched her self die
paige 6 months ago
The Bloody Mary legend where I live is this:
Young Mary was asked to a school dance. She was more than excited to go with a boy she loved more than anything. But that night Mary showed up to the dance little did she know that her date was murdered on his way there. She wote for 20 minutes. Mary saw two boys walking towarrd her. She stood. "Have you seen my date, Elija?" she asked them. The boys laughed at her. "Yeah. Come with us we know." Mary did not know what awote her. She followed the young men into a dark room lit dimly by a candle. The two boys from there killed Mary but she said her last words were, "I will get you back! I will murder your children and your wifes!" The boys laughed. "You do not beleive me? Say my name three times and blink fast while spinning." The boys did so and later Mary did as she swore and left the boys to suffer. The first boy married and had twin boys. Later when his sons reached age 13 they were found dead in their beds, along with their mother. The second boy got married and had a daughter. When the daughter reached 14 she and her mother were found dead in their beds. The day Mary died a boy who was watching her die passed on the story and everyone who heard of it tried it and were either found dead or went missing. I tired it and I don't suggest you try.
jaidyn77 6 months ago
omg i tried it and it did not work but the next day i saw my friend in the bathroom bleeding to death.she said look at me. i dont know how but bloody mary got me and cut me with a knife.and i looked at the mirror and saw blood all over it. and the blood wrote out,i will get you next time!
kittythedreamer 6 months ago
The Bloody Mary legend where I live is this:
Young Mary was asked to a school dance. She was more than excited to go with a boy she loved more than anything. But that night Mary showed up to the dance little did she know that her date was murdered on his way there. She wote for 20 minutes. Mary saw two boys walking towarrd her. She stood. "Have you seen my date, Elija?" she asked them. The boys laughed at her. "Yeah. Come with us we know." Mary did not know what awote her. She followed the young men into a dark room lit dimly by a candle. The two boys from there killed Mary but she said her last words were, "I will get you back! I will murder your children and your wifes!" The boys laughed. "You do not beleive me? Say my name three times and blink fast while spinning." The boys did so and later Mary did as she swore and left the boys to suffer. The first boy married and had twin boys. Later when his sons reached age 13 they were found dead in their beds, along with their mother. The second boy got married and had a daughter. When the daughter reached 14 she and her mother were found dead in their beds. The day Mary died a boy who was watching her die passed on the story and everyone who heard of it tried it and were either found dead or went missing. I tired it and I don't suggest you try.
kimberly 6 months ago
This is a true story about bloody mary! And it happened at my  house! Rebbecca was on my cumputter.My room was dark.But was'nt no candles there lit up! So me and her were talking about bloody mary i said bloody mary bloody mary  bloody mary 3 times in my bedroom! But no mirror i said it in! My room did'nt have a mirror! I said im ganna put me on a pair of shorts.Soon i opened my closet.There she was! She had no wrinkles on her face! Like an old woman she was about 19 when she was killed! Soon she was ganna cut my neck open so i slammed the door in her face! So don't say bloody mary 3 times in your darkened room!
Emily 6 months ago
okay can I just say that what you all have witnessed is just your subconscious mind playing tricks on you.. you don't realise it but when you say I said her name three times in the mirror and there was a cut down your face or something it was actually you that did it, its like when you use a Ouija Board you don't realise your moving it because its your subconscious mind.. and its the same for this myth.. you see what you want to see because you believe its real.. and some of it is lies from people making it up to see if you will do it and get all scared... and if you don't believe me then talk to a Hypnosis therapist because they will tell you all about it and I guaranty they are right otherwise they would not be qualified to be a hypnosis therapist
josh 6 months ago
k i know she should only  appears in mirrors but its not true so heres my story one time i was sleeping in my bros room with my dad and then i seen a old woman in white rags holding a knife i turned on the light and she dissapeared and i still hear her
O.O OMG 5 months ago
My friend told me the story of Bloody Mary,thats how I got on this page obiously, but I had to go to the bathroom like 15 minutes ago and I kept on thinking about Bloody Mary and if I should do it or not... So i got my Ipod and turned it up to Max... I like did a ninja kick to the door incase (SOMETHING) was out there O.O Im affraid of the bathroom now. Wonderful is'nt it?
B-mary victim5  5 months ago
To all of those who think that you need to chant her name every time you go into the bathroom, you are very wrong. This is about the 6th or 7th time I've done B-Mary, and its never gone down like this before. Not but a half hour ago, my step-dad and I summoned B-Mary together, nothing special, pitch- black bathroom and chanted her name 5 times. We waited about 5 minutes and my vision began to blur and i saw a shadow move across the small beam of light coming in from the crack in the door, and knowing what shes capable of, that was enough to make me leave the bathroom. Then my mom and step-dad went to the store, and i decided that I was going to do it again, this time by myself. Big mistake. I walked into the bathroom, shut the door, and said," Can you see me now, bitch?" after about 3 minutes I heard a distant scream and her face began to manifest in the mirror! I refuse to go in that bathroom, nor sleep in the dark, because every room has a mirror, and i dont believe that shes restricted to the mirror she was summoned through.
ashley 5 months ago
hi, im 12 years old and bloody mary IS REAL!!!! I am currently in 7'th grade. So... here's my story:
When i was in 5'th grade, my school's power went out. So, my friend, celest, said, "hey we should play bloody mary!" this was the first time i've heared of bloody mary so i said, "how do you play? And who's bloody mary?" my friend grabed my arm and said,"Come to the bathroom and you'll find out."
The bathroom in the 5'th grade hallway was creepy enough as it is, but with the lights off, i was seriously freaked. celest finally managed to drag me into the bathroom. i said,"celest we shouldn't be in here, we could get in trouble." she said, "relax it's going to be fun. now, we have to say bloody mary 3 times, ok?" "ok" i said.
"bloody mary, bloody mary, bloody mary." we chanted. then i saw a peice of paper fly out of celest's hand. "nice try, celest. i know you threw that." i went and picked up the paper she threw. "see, this is even in your handwriting!" then she said, "fine whatever, you got me."
at that piont i was facing celest and my back was tward the mirror. then celest started to freak, "ASHLEY!TURN AROUND!!! LOOK AT THE MIRROR!" i said, "c'mon, celest. give it up im not falling for it." celest continued to freak out. so, i turned around.
in the mirror, i saw a black shadow coming toward me. i screemed and ran out. as soon as i was out, i noticed that celest didn't follow me. i waited, but she didn't come. knowing she must be in trouble i went back into the bathroom. celest had her hands on the mirror and was staring into it, her eyes wide.
"celest let's go we have to get out of here!!!" i screemed. she didn't move. i was scared she was going to die, she was standing so still. i ran over to her. it took all my strength to pull her away from the mirror.
to this day, celest does not remember much of what happened.
i do not reccomend trying this. we got lucky based on some of the stuff that i just read. this is not a fake, i swear!!!
ashley 5 months ago
ps: i there is nothing strange about my old elementry school nor is there anything strange around it. celest has told me about how she has seen other ghosts though. she claimes her house is haunted. i have slept over at her house 3 times and have never seen anything. i thing she is trying to scare me just like she used to back in elementry school.
what do you think? should i belive her?
Taryn 4 months ago
last year (2011), on halloween, we went trick-or-treating with my little sisters, Morgan, friends. after we were done, we all went into her friend Rileys room and Riley told me to close the door and turn out the lights. so i did. we didnt light a candle or go in a bathroom or near a mirror. i just said it out-loud."BLOODY MARY"!!!!! after tht we saw a girl long blond (AND RED!) hair. then Emma realized that the girls hair was dripping....... she also had a creepy grin and a black rose. or, thts what it looked like. the girl stabbed me with it. all three of them screamed and turned on the lights and she dissappeared. lucky for them i was the only one hurt. i still have a huge scar on my left arm. p.s. i just turned 12 today. whether u belief this story or not..... its all true. and bloody mary IS real. and my birthday present is that im reminded of tht night.
Taryn 4 months ago
also, im thinking of doing it again. should i? u decide
Corrina 4 months ago
I remember hearing about this as a kid! Though I was told that it was a little girl and you put both hands on the mirror and say her name three times. I tried it and though I did not see anything I sure as hell was scared of mirrors for at least a week! I think that was karma tho for making the junior kids beleive the story!
crazyhorsesghost  4 months ago  from East Coast , United States
Hub Author
Thanks for all the great comments. I just uploaded a new Bloody Mary video with two great stories
Skye 4 months ago
When I was 9 yrs. old i had a sleepover and my friends dared me to go into the bathroom and say Bloody Mary so i did and it was around 12 am and i used a candle and brought red roses into the bathroom and ripped them up while i said Bloody Mary and all i saw was a red blur so i ran out and went to sleep i still ask god to forgive me that i actually believe that stuff but i think that she was an exorsist and killed her self a long time ago and people make up that legend to scare people but if you want to get real creeped out go on youtube and search the exorcism of Emily Rose
thats crazy hallie 3 months ago
ive done it with the lights off without a candle and i said bloody mary my face in the mirror turned ugly i ran out of there  LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
c-train 2 months ago
i would never try this alone i would only do it with a mate!!!!!
chiara 2 months ago
i belive in bloody mary i did a try and i saw a shadow coming twords mei was so scared then i saw a light and a women with a scary face....it was so scary
Montana 2 months ago
Honestly, I have heard over 5 different stories but, they all connect to either "Mary or Bloody Mary." I think the game would be a great way to freak out some people but, I do not believe in it even though I have read a lot of these theories.
The helper 2 months ago
Ok, I have heard many stories about bloody Mary.  I honestly do not know whech one is real.  But I I'm a beliver of bludy Marry.  Ok, I did try it, but saw no one in the bathroom or in the room that i slept in.  I did this at my friend's house and the next day i came back over and there were scratches on the ceiling.  I thought it was her cats, so i want and asked and her cats were at the vet.  They were there because they had gotten injured somehow and they were bleeding alot.  I still did not belive.  Then we had a sleepover and she went to the bathroom.  Then she screamed and her big bro ran in and the door shut.  I was getting kind of kreeped out so i came in and saw a bunch of blood on the floor.  i thought someone had hurt her.  So i checked her and she was unconscious along with her brother.  They had no cuts whatsoever, then i realized it was cat blood.  It was discusting.  I then dragged them out and barricaded the bathroom.  I had a dream of what had happened to the cats that night.  Then the dream shifted and showed there spirits dead and with no eyes, being held by the neck by bloody Mary.
See my message in my post, you will be shocked, and you will know me perfectly well.
Adam 2 weeks ago
Its all in ur head if u say to urself she doesnt exist then nothing happens if u say she exists then ur mind will trick u into thinking she is their.... Their is simple logic to evry ghost story
dyvan 12 days ago
Bloody Mary does sooo exsest! ive seen her. she has black hair thats drippin blood and red eyes that is also drippin blood. she waz holdin a knife. i waz in the bathroom with 5 or 6 other friends. i waz in the middle. by the end everyone waz screamin.... expecialy me. thats bcause it felt like someone waz  cuttin my back. when we finally got the lights on... we cheched my back. shure enoughf, i had like 50 scraches on my back and arms... so if anyone is reading this plz dont do bloody mary.
Sign in or sign up and post using a HubPages account.
8192 characters left.
No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinked. Comments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites.
working
