  July 18, 2011
151
Leftover salad is terrific w/ the addition of a can of drained black beans & avocado. I used one 1.5# flank steak but still doubled the rub and leftovers do, indeed, make outrageously delicious sandwiches that are exceeeeeedingly picnic worthy.
Libby
  July 18, 2011
152
The perfect meal for a sweltering summer night. This was fantastic. I was worried because my husband is pretty loyal to his lime and salt marinade for skirt steak, but he loved this version too.  I made virtually no changes, except dialed back the cayenne for my three yr old. Lovely!
Stephanie Deutsch
153
Help!
I would love love love to make this delicious skirt steak for friends but I don’t have a grill.  Is it possible to make in the oven? Will it still taste good if I broil it? Or something similar?
Any ideas?
Stephanie
ps.
I made your flat bread recipe the other night! It is great! Super quick to make – with such addictive results!  Thanks for a great blog!
  July 21, 2011
154
Stephanie — Not sure I followed. The end of the recipe includes directions for making it on a stove, as I usually do. (P.S. I actually think it’s better on the stove in a cast iron pan than a gas grill! It just seems to get hotter. Don’t tell anyone.)
  July 22, 2011
155
I just made this, following your recipe and I think it is the best/most grown-up thing I have ever cooked! Thank you! So delicious. Tonight was a practice run, tomorrow I’m making it for the current tall-dark-and-handsome in my life. I think it will be a hit!
Dianne
  July 23, 2011
156
I love how this recipe is really two recipes in one.  I loved the steak, but I have also been loving the salad.  On these hot hot days, a baguette smeared with your homemade ricotta and this salad have been the perfect dinner.
Leah
  July 28, 2011
157
Delicious!  Rave reviews from my husband and son–who had many helpings.  I substituted capers and their brine for olives (didn’t have them) and I omitted the hot sauce because I thought the salad would be too hot for the kids (not at all).  Thanks!
tinarina
  July 28, 2011
158
Delicious recipe; the salad is a nice change from usual summer flavors, like tomato with basil. I made it on a grill pan on the stove, and served with some corn for a fresh and easy summer meal.
Peter–I agree that skirt and flank taste somewhat different, but flank is a grilling classic. It’s never grilled plain though–a rub or marinade is always in order to tenderize it.
Katherine
  July 29, 2011
159
This was terrific. Did not think I would like the horseradish dressing but it was great. I did throw in some capers instead of olives (I was out) and loved it!
Tempest
  August 15, 2011
160
This is one of the best (and easiest) recipes I’ve ever made.  So delish!  No one talked during dinner, which is usually a chatty, catching up with each other’s day time for our household.  The only sounds were “yum-grunts” as I call them.  You design the BEST recipes.  Keep up the great work!
  August 23, 2011
161
I have started over the last few months to only use fresh ingredients and try not to use any processed foods. Your recipes are fantastic. This was the first one I tried and it was delicious. I used the flank steak and everything was fantastic. There was nothing left for leftovers. Thank you for this fantastic recipe.
Kellymo
  November 19, 2011
162
Beautiful recipe, and can’t wait to have it again – thank you. Bonus thank yous for calling out good magazine recipes for me… Maybe I’m still sulking about Gourmet getting pulled off the shelves, but I haven’t found a food mag to take its place yet. Boo.
