Amazon Price: $2.32 (as of 06/28/2012)
List Price: $14.99
Used Price: $0.01
It was wonderful to read that this writer was not just writing about other peoples experiences, but she includes several of her own personal experiences with ghosts...making me realize that she just didn't interview and write, she was sympathetic to something she understood to be true, something she has personally experienced. I would highly recommend this book to all that are crazy about reading true ghost stories. Fantastic writer! Hope to see more books from Leslie Rule in the future on this subject! ~ Kimberly L. Bruklis
4th Grade Bloody Mary Experience
When I was in the forth grade everyone was doing this "Bloody Mary" thing in the bathroom. All the boys would come out of the bathroom and say, "Bloody Mary's in the bathroom, don't drop her baby or she'll kill you!"
I was one of those girls that didn't seem to be scared of anything. I decided I would go into the girl's bathroom and try it out. I went in turned off the lights, and told my cousin Kayla to open the door and turn on the lights when I yelled for her. I turned off the lights got in front of the mirror and said, "Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary" three times in front of the mirror and spun around three times.
I looked into the mirror and saw a tall woman standing there with a white dress on, red eyes, and fire behind her, just staring at me. I couldn't stop staring at her, I was stuck. My cousin Kayla ran into the bathroom turned on the lights and Bloody Mary was gone. I started crying like crazy and told everyone what happened to me and nobody believed me, and still to this day no one actually believes that this happened to me. When I think about this all I want to do is cry because it is so freaking scary.
I would totally not suggest doing Bloody Mary even as a joke because IT IS REAL and you do not want to experience anything like I have. Who knows what would of happened to me if my cousin had not turned on the lights?!
Sent in by Becky, Copyright 2009 TrueGhostTales.com
Bloody Mary on DVD
Bloody Mary Fact or Fiction
I was at my friends house and we were talking about Bloody Mary and she told me that she was a real girl once and she was buried alive. I did not believe her so she told me to do the dare. You would have to go to the bathroom turn on the water let it run. Then write 666 on the wall in soap. Then spin around three times and while your spinning say Bloody Mary every time you spin around. I said no because I was scared to so I told her to do it and that was when I regretted that day. She went into the bathroom and she shut the door. She said she would be out in ten minutes, she said if she was in there for more then that to open the door. I will skip the boring part of waiting but ten minutes went by.
I went to go open the door but it was locked, so I got the key (Angela told me where the key was). I unlocked the door and walked inside. There was no soap on the mirror, no water in the sink, no nothing. So I thought Angela was hiding in the shower to scare me. I opened the curtain and lying on the floor of the tub was Angela's body stabbed and her mouth open witH shock. Warning don't do Bloody Mary or you will lose something like your best friend.
Thank you for reading my story.
Sent in by Kayleigh Soucy
Stay Away!
Ann's bedroom was dark except for the centrally located flickering flame. Mary, Ann, Regina and Yvonne had just about given up on the Halloween night Ouija Board festivities because of her idiot brother constantly interrupting their concentration. Finally, a frustrated Ann ushered her irritating younger brother out the door; this time threatening to end his life. "If you disturb my sleepover again I'll kill you," she growls, "now get out, and stay out!"
The girls were intent on contacting American folklore legend "Bloody Mary." They had already taken their respectful turns standing and chanting the witch's name in front of Ann's antique mirrored dresser. Now, nearly midnight, guided by curiosity and candlelight, they were one with the little heart-shaped planchette.
"Bloody Mary are you there?" The game piece remains motionless. The girls seem determined as they take turns questioning the dead. "Bloody Mary are you with us?"
"I felt it move," whispers Regina, with her index finger resting gently.
"Did you move it?" Yvonne asks in a shaky voice.
"It's not moving," says Mary. "Let me try." Mary is much more demanding in her inquest. She bellows, "Mary Worth! Are you here?"
The little heart-shaped device nearly shoots off the board to the right but halts at the bottom corner, on the word "YES." The flame whooshes in the same direction.
Ann's bedroom is silent as the girls breaths get shorter, faster.
The determined Mary adjusts her middle and index fingers on the Ouija's tool. Her voice, deeper than usual, roars "Show us you are here Bloody Mary."
At this instant, around midnight on Halloween night, the girls gasp as Ann's bedroom door violently swings open. Nail polish, a can of hair spray and several head bands fly off the dresser, the clatter achieves in garnering the attention of each girl. It is at this moment, just before the cool rush of air blows out the candle flame, where each teen girl swears that they see something in the mirror just above the dresser. They all scream.
Ann's annoying kid-brother bursts through the threshold of the doorway and flicks on the light switch.
All four young girls describe the same hideous creature of a woman with both hands extending, protruding rather, from the dark glass. They were convinced that it was Mary the Witch reaching out with her long dirty fingers, glaring at them with blossoming black eyes, her sticky black hair so languid and scarce, and a huge gaping black hole for a mouth.
Ann's kid brother laughs out loud at them, flirts with the pale and terrified, and then begins picking up the little bottles of nail polish from the carpet.
Sent in by Brandon Swarrow, Copyright 2011
A Bloody Mary Scare
By Jazmine
One night, my friend Sam and I were staying at my house. Bored and with nothing to do, she suggested we try the whole Bloody Mary thing. Of course, we both thought it to be fake and just a laugh. We were wrong.
We went into the bathroom, locked the door, turned off the light and lit a candle. Laughing, we spun around three times while saying "Bloody Mary". We stood facing the mirror, and at first all we could see was our own amused reflections.
I leant close to the mirror, trying to see anything, and I ended up with my nose touching the mirror. Then I saw something which caused me to scream. It was a woman, a face gaunt and leering, with long black hair that had been soaked in blood. She held a knife.
Sam screamed too, and she grabbed my shoulder to pull me back. Once her hand touched my shoulder, the face disappeared. I fell back beside Sam, and looked at her.
"You're face," she said to me, eyes wide.
I looked in the mirror, and there were four, long scratch marks from the corner of my left eye to my chin. They started to bleed as I watched them.
Since that day, all those years ago, I've been terrified to look into a mirror, fearing that woman's face. I've still got the scars on my face. Sam has been to a psychiatrist constantly since then. We don't talk anymore, the incident was much too horrifying that it cut our friendship apart. I regret it ever since.
Was it really Bloody Mary? I think so. It may of been a poltergeist, picking up on our energy and deciding to trick us. But, it was a woman, drenched in blood like the legends. Whether or not it was her, the scars remain and my life has been altered terrible since that night.
~ Jazmine, Copyright 2009 TrueGhostTales.com
Bloody Mary Quarter Ritual
By Brittney Lee Alicene
My friends; Margaret, Katie, and I were doing the Bloody Mary ritual with a quarter. This is how you do the quarter Bloody Mary ritual;
a. Light 3 candles
b. Turn out the lights
1. Get at least 2 people in a circle
2. Put your knee's together and don't move them
3. Take a quarter and flip it
4. Ask a question
5. If it lands on heads it means yes
6. If it lands on tales it means no
Keep asking this as long as you want.
We did this about 6 times until we got something. We were at Margaret's house when the lights went out, and the 3 candles went out. The next day we tried it again, except we did it in the bathroom. The toilet flushed. We asked; Bloody Mary if you are there please do something to one of us. Do you know what she did? She knocked a bottle of shampoo and it spilled all over Katie and some went on me. When this happened the door flew open. So we turned on the lights before something happened.
The next week we were outside and we did it and it was outside at night. We threw a hool-a-hoop onto a telephone pole hook. We did the ritual again but we asked can you knock the hool-a-hoop down. It knocked down and Margaret broke the circle. If you break the circle something bad will happen to you.
The next day Margaret said to me that someone was in her room and when she woke up she had a cut on her arm. It was the size of a mini carrot. She didn't know how she got it. We never did it again because to this day she hears that same noise in her room.
It was quite scary because we are at such a young age of 12, 13, and 9. I was quite scared so I thought I would share this with you
Written by Brittney Lee Alicene, Copyright 2009
The Oxford Book of Victorian Ghost Stories
The Victorians excelled at telling ghost stories. In an age of rapid scientific progress, the idea of a vindictive past able to reach out and violate the present held a special potential for terror. Throughout the nineteenth century, fictional ghost stories developed in parallel with the more general Victorian fascination with death and what lay beyond it. Though they were as much a part of the cultural and literary fabric of the age as imperial confidence, the best of the stories still retain their original power to surprise and unsettle. In Victorian Ghost Stories, the editors map out the development of the ghost story from 1850 to the early years of the twentieth century and demonstrate the importance of this form of short fiction in Victorian popular culture. As well as reprinting stories by supernatural specialists such as J. S. Le Fanu and M. R. James.
Amazon Price: $11.23 (as of 06/28/2012)
List Price: $19.95
Used Price: $4.71
This selection emphasizes the key role played by women writers--including Elizabeth Gaskell, Rhoda Broughton, and Charlotte Riddell--and offers one or two genuine rarities. Other writers represented include Charles Dickens, Henry James, Wilkie Collins, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, and R. L. Stevenson. There is also a fascinating Introduction and a chronological list of ghost story collections from 1850 to 1910.
My Encounter With Bloody Mary
By Lexi
Well it happened not that long ago at my mums house and I was by self and got bored so I decided to try the Bloody Mary thing. Anyway I went into the bathroom, turned off all the lights and did my thing. Nothing happened so I just went to my room and went to sleep. I turned off all the lights.
I thought I heard someone come into my room. I opened my eyes and out of the corner of my eye I could see a lady I only saw the back of her and what looked like long black hair thinking it was imagination I just closed my eyes and tried going to sleep but something made me wake up and I saw her again. This time she was facing me. I saw long black her and what looked to be an eye in an opening of her hair. I closed my eyes and then opened them again and she was gone. Still scared I closed my eyes tight and tried to go to sleep.
The next morning I was thinking about it. I'm still not sure who it was. All I know is that I don't know anyone with black hair. Was it bloody Mary or was it just a ghost? Strange things still happen in my room after I tried to summon her like something always wakes me up in the middle of the night or strange voices even during the day.
~ Lexi
My Bloody Mary Experience
By Mackenzie
My mother loves hearing scary stories and freaking me out since I'm a scaredy-cat. I've always been scared of ghosts but I listen to her stories all the same. One night I invited my friend over who I'll call Jane. Jane and I loved freaking ourselves out and when my mother told us about Bloody Mary we immediately wanted to try it.
We were told by my mother that if you stand in a bathroom with no lights and no candles or anything and you chant 'Bloody Mary' three times she'll appear.
We both piled into our bathroom. Our bathroom was a narrow room with two doors. We entered a door from the hallway and there was a sink and the mirror to the left, the toilet next to that, and the shower straight ahead. Right across from the toilet was the other door which led to a bedroom. Anyway, Jane and I were in the bathroom with the lights off. My hand was on the light switch so I could flip the switch quickly and so we chanted 'Bloody Mary' three times.
Nothing happened for a few minutes until we finally heard a little rustling. We both looked over and the shower curtain was swinging wildly back and forth with no wind or anything to cause it. I immediately tried to turn on the light but the light-switch didn't do anything. Me and Jane both started screaming and didn't even bother to see if Mary appeared.
I was flipping the light switch up and down but the light still wouldn't turn on. Finally I tried the door but it was locked, and I know I didn't lock it. I unlocked it and we both, quite literally, fell out of the bathroom. We both ran as far away from the bathroom as we could. I went and got my mother to investigate.
The shower curtain had swung so much that a couple of the rings had broken. My mother grabbed a flashlight since the light still wouldn't turn on. My mother examined the light bulbs and discovered that all four of them had been unscrewed, even though they worked fine before me and Jane chanted Bloody Mary.
Jane and I freaked out and needless to say never tried Bloody Mary again. Every once in a while when I go in there to shower the shower curtain will rustle or the lights will flicker. Fortunately since then we've moved from the house but I now know better than to do any strange chants.
Sorry it's kinda flippant. I originally submitted this story under a humorous true ghost stories site and had to edit it a little bit. You an edit as you see fit. Unfortunately true.
~ Mackenzie, Copyright 2009 TrueGhostTales.com
