Legend: Chanting "Bloody Mary!" thirteen times in front of a candlelit mirror will summon a vengeful spirit.
Examples:
If you go into the bathroom and look into the mirror with the lights off  and the room completely black, and then say 'Bloody Mary' thirteen  times, a woman will appear and scratch your face up/off.
I was told that if you said "Hell Mary" seven times in front of a mirror  in a dark room, you would see Satan's image in the mirror.  The story  was embellished further by the teller, who claimed that after three  "Hell Mary", the mirror turned red, and that after five an unclear face  appeared.
Here's how I always heard the story. You go into a room with a mirror  and turn all the lights off (this works well in a bathroom). You begin,  in a whisper, to chant "bloody mary. bloody mary, Bloody Mary", as you  continue to chant your voice should grow louder and louder into a near  scream. While you are chanting you should be spinning around at a medium  rate and taking a glimpse in the mirror at each pass. Near the 13th repetition of the words . . . "she" should appear and...?
A frend of mine said that her roommate tried this and ran out screaming  from the bathroom. She was shaking and appeared genuinely terrified and  refused to talk about the incident, but those who were around her when  she came out noticed that her clenched fingers were covered in blood.
Variations:
The avenging spirit goes by many names: Bloody Mary, Bloody Bones,  Hell Mary, Mary Worth, Mary Worthington, Mary Whales, Mary Johnson, Mary  Lou, Mary Jane, Sally, Kathy, Agnes, Black Agnes, Aggie, Svarte Madame.
Summoning Mary requires the right chant. "I believe in Mary Worth"  is the key phrase according to one version, but others require the  shouting of "Kathy, come out!" or the repetition of  "Bloody Mary" into  the mirror as many times as the ritual demands. (Sometimes Bloody Mary  gets more of a script and is summoned by calls of "Bloody Mary! I killed  your baby!")
The precise requirements of the ritual vary.  Some specify that the  mirror must be illuminated by a single candle; in others, there must be  a candle on each side. In some versions, the message to Mary is  repeated by just one girl who is either a volunteer or one selected by  the others to summon up the mirror-witch. The number of chants needed to  fetch Mary also varies.
What the mirror-witch does upon arrival varies too. She may strike  her summoner dead, drive her mad, or fiercely scratch her face. She may  merely peer malevolently out through the mirror, or she may drag one of  the girls back through it to live with her.
Origins: The research into Bloody Mary goes   back to 1978, when folklorist Janet Langlois published her essay on the  legend.  Belief in summoning the mirror-witch was even at that time  widespread throughout the U.S.
Mary is summoned whenever squealing girls get together for a sleepover,  but boys have been known to call on her too.  (The 'Bloody Mary' legend  was common when I was a kid in the early 1970s.  We typically performed  the "ritual" in bathrooms, because the bathrooms of our suburban homes  had large mirrors and were easily darkened even during the day since  they had no windows.  A familiar 'Bloody Mary' story was one about a  girl who supposedly ended her incantation with a spiteful "I don't believe in Mary Worth," then tripped over the doorjamb while exiting the bathroom and broke her
hip.)
Mary is said to be a witch who was executed a hundred years ago for  plying the black arts, or a woman of more modern times who died in a  local car accident in which her face was hideously mutilated.
Some confuse the mirror witch with
Mary I
of England, whom  history remembers as "Bloody Mary." An expanded version of that  confusion has it that this murdering British queen killed young girls so  she could bathe in their blood to preserve her youthful appearance.  (That legend more properly attaches to Elizabeth Bathory, a Hungarian  countess who lived from 1560 to 1614.)
Mary I
of England (1553-1558) was anything but a famed  beauty terrified of losing her looks — she was a matronly, fortyish  woman who had about as much sense of style as a dust mop. The idea of  her bathing in the blood of slaughtered virgins to preserve her  loveliness is ludicrous. She came by the moniker "Bloody Mary" because  she had a number of Protestants put to death during her reign, as she  tried to
re-establish
Catholicism as the religion of the land after the reigns of her father (
Henry VIII
,  he who married six wives over the course of his lifetime and  established himself as the head of a new religion rather than tolerate  the Pope's saying he couldn't divorce wife #1 to marry wife #2) and her  brother (
Edward VI
, who ruled after Henry died but passed  away himself at the age of 16).  Mary was a devoutly religious woman who  saw what she was doing as the saving of her subjects' souls from  eternal damnation, and in those times — as crazy as this sounds now — the eternal wellbeing of a soul was deemed far more important  than the comparatively fleeting life of a person. That bringing the  country back to Catholicism would also safeguard her throne was also a  major consideration.
Mary I was the half sister of
Elizabeth I
