Shelves: best-books-for-young-adults
As a fictional account of historical events, I chose this book for my Realistic Best Books assignment.  This is the fictional story of a real person, Mary Tudor, daughter of Henry VIII, king of England in the 1500s.  It starts when she is about 10 years old and is betrothed to yet another future ruler in Europe.  It follows her life as her father, the king, discards her mother because she has failed to produce a male heir to the throne and makes Mary a bastard.  An action her mother fights for the r ...more As a fictional account of historical events, I chose this book for my Realistic Best Books assignment.  This is the fictional story of a real person, Mary Tudor, daughter of Henry VIII, king of England in the 1500s.  It starts when she is about 10 years old and is betrothed to yet another future ruler in Europe.  It follows her life as her father, the king, discards her mother because she has failed to produce a male heir to the throne and makes Mary a bastard.  An action her mother fights for the rest of her life because she is determined to make Mary queen.  Mary is isolated from her as her father marries another woman, whom Mary is sure wants her dead.  This is likely true since Mary’s father has more than bent the rules of the church to declare Mary’s mother and his marriage invalid.  Finally after being stripped of her title and living in fear, she is ordered to become the servant of her new half-sibling born to her father and Queen Anne, his new wife.  This is to further demean her, but allows her to get in contact with her former nursemaid who is serving as her new half-sister’s nursemaid.  Her former nursemaid and other former members of her court manage to help her stay alive until Queen Anne is beheaded by the king due to her inability to produce a male heir.  In the meantime, Mary’s mother dies and her father remarries again and declares Queen Anne’s daughter a bastard as well.  Mary signs an oath to her father that she has been resisting and reconciles herself to living as a cast off.  This secures her life and she continues to live with her now bastard half-sister, Elizabeth.  However, the historical note at the end of the book reveals that Mary does become queen after her father and half-brother’s death and reigns in a similar manner to her father, ordering hundreds of people to their deaths.
This would appeal to teens that like historical fiction or are fascinated with the reigns of horror that were common in the English monarchy.  It does not contain an overly graphic description of the beheadings, but it gives enough detail to hold their interest.  It also shows how obsessed and crazed the king became over something which he had no control and some teens may find that appealing.
This book deals with Equality and Social Justice as the society at the time tries to outline what is and is not acceptable in the face of needing a male heir.  It also deals with Self-esteem as Mary tries to think of herself as queen, despite being caught in her the crossfire of her father’s actions to secure a male heir.
The characters are believable, although some teens may have a hard time identifying with a ruler so fixated on something that we know through modern science he could not control.  Also, how someone could become so paranoid that they order hundreds of people to be beheaded, may be a little hard to believe.  However, since these parts of the book are based in history and really happened, they come off quit well.  I think the king’s character is a little underdeveloped as what leads him to become so cruel is never really addressed.
I would promote this book to teens by asking if they have ever wanted something or someone so much, they would stop at nothing to get it.  Then, discussing how people get fixated on a celebrity and become a stalker and drawing a parallel between that unrealistic expectation and the unrealistic expectation of producing an heir to the throne.  I also might make reference to the popular movie, The Other Boleyn Sister, because it has common characters with this book and tell the same tale, but from a different character’s perspective.
4Q, 2P, S (less)
