blacksmith81 answers:
The epithet "Bloody Mary" is associated with a number of historical (particularly Queen Mary I of England) and fictional women, especially from folklore. It is believed that inspiration for the cocktail was the Hollywood star Mary Pickford who earlier had a similarly red cocktail consisting of rum, Grenadine and Maraschino named after her. Other sources trace the name to a waitress named Mary who worked at a Chicago bar called the Bucket of Blood.
In 1934, the cocktail was called "Red Snapper" at the St. Regis Hotel, where Petriot was hired at the time. It was here that Tabasco sauce was added to the drink, and the name "Bloody Mary" eventually won popularity. In the 1960s it became popular to serve the cocktail with celery due to a guest at The Pump Room at the Ambassador East Hotel in Chicago.
The name likely refers to the blood-like colour of the cocktail.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloody_Mary_(cocktail)
Supplement from 12/25/2008 11:02am:
In folklore and children's street culture, "Bloody Mary" is a game in which a ghost of the same name (or sometimes other names, such as "Mary Worth") is said to appear in a mirror when her name is stated three times, though there are many variations. Other variations say that the querier must not look directly at her, but at her image in the mirror; she will then reveal the querent's future, particularly concerning marriage and children.
Bloody Mary is typically described as a child-murderer who lived in the local city where the legend has taken root years ago. On the other hand, various people have surmised that the lore about taunting Bloody Mary about her baby may relate her tenuously to folklore about Queen Mary I, known in history by the sobriquet "Bloody Mary". The queen's life was marked by a number of miscarriages or false pregnancies. Speculation exists that the miscarriages were deliberately induced. As a result, some retelling of the tale make Bloody Mary the queen driven to madness by the loss of her children. It is likely, however, that Queen Mary I provided only her nickname to the Bloody Mary of folklore.
Supplement from 12/25/2008 11:03am:
