The answer to that question, so far is:
I don't know!
The truth is, possibly nobody knows...but - Mary Worthington is the character involved in the "Bloody Mary" legend.
There are other names by which she is called, including: "Black Agnes," "Hell Mary," "Mirror Mary," "Mary Jane," "Mary Bones," "Bloody Bones," "Mary Lou," "Mary Johnston," "Mary Whales," and of course, "Blood Mary."
Additional alternate names for 'the game' played or spirit supposedly evoked by calling out a name:
Agnes, Sally, Mary Ann, Kathy, Aggie, Svarte Madame.
Witch Mary
Some people believe that "Mary" was a witch who lived one to two hundred years ago, who was executed for dabbling in the black arts. In versions where people believe that Mary was a witch, she is usually said to be a murderer of children. She used witchcraft to aid her in the abduction of and in the killing of children. She may have used the blood or body parts of children in other witchcraft rituals.
* Note...
I will continue searching, but so far, very little information exists about a witch named Mary who killed children. No solid evidence has turned up, even though I have been looking for documents on the topic of Mary Worthington/Bloody Mary for a week before deciding to publish this hub.
 
Young, Distraught Mary
In some accounts of the Bloody Mary legend, Mary is a distraught, young woman whose infant was either stolen away or did not survive his/her infancy. In distress at her baby's death or disappearance, Mary lured other children away from their families and, under the sheen of insanity/despair, killed them.
Still, in this sort of account, it is said that Bloody Mary is executed, tortured or otherwise made to die by townsfolk in a local area.
After her death, it is said that children no longer went missing or turned up dead under suspicious circumstances for a great number of years.
Suicidal Mary
In this account, Mary was a young and very fit mother, very responsive to her infant's needs. She was extremely attached to and loved her baby, so when the infant was stolen away from her, Mary turned simply mad (insane) from grief and finally committed suicide.
 
Murderer Mary
Some people who believe in the Bloody Mary legend say that Mary Worth, Mary Worthington or a woman with a similarly common first name was a child murderer, plain and simple. In certain versions of the Bloody Mary story, people say that Bloody Mary can be traced to a non-witch persona who was discovered to be murdering small children in, around and nearby to her local village.
Consequently, this woman was blamed and held responsible for all the missing children in her area and any suspicious deaths of children. Apparently, townsfolk who caught on to her trapped her and executed her.
In some accounts, Bloody Mary was tortured by townspeople until she expired.
In some accounts, Bloody Mary was purposely disfigured by townspeople and authorities before being executed.
In some accounts, Bloody Mary was a disfigured woman who preyed upon and killed small children - and was soon found out and executed.
* Note...
Anytime 'local townsfolk,' 'local area,' or similar descriptions have been uncovered in my searches for Bloody Mary/Mary Worthington, no particular town, townsfolk, local region or area is ever identified...
I smell a BUSTED Myth coming up, don't you?
by Unknown Artist: Potrait of Queen Mary
Ghost of Queen Mary I
Some say that Bloody Mary is the ghost of Queen Mary I (1517-1558), who was very unpopular during her reign (1553-1558).
During her reign, Queen Mary I changed the religion of her country of rule, thus naming Roman Catholicism as the official religion of England.
Many Protestant citizens were outraged, but Mary had a great number of outspoken Protestants silenced by execution. Partly, the killing of Protestants earned her the nickname of "Bloody Mary."
Bloody Mary Story by Creepy Place of New England Show
More Mirrors - Will You Dare?
