Lots of guys are interesting and they go in the 6th or 7th rounds
Instead of asking “why not Andy Dalton”, maybe we should be asking “what makes Andy Dalton special”?  What tools or skills or intangibles does he have that could make him one of the 1-3 QBs drafted per year that finds real success in the NFL?
I’m not saying that Dalton’s anything like bust, I’m just wondering why he deserves so much love (besides being competent and getting the chance to play a highly televised bowl game).
This is silliness...
There are a lot of QBs with less “tools” than Dalton that succeed in the NFL.
Dalton doesn’t seem to me like a guy that does anything in the top 1% of the world or anything, but he seems like a guy who does a lot of things pretty to very good.
So what makes him special is that he doesn’t really appear to have a real obvious weakness. He just seems like a guy who not given enough credit and I don’t really see why.
Unless you have something…That’s why I asked my question initially. It would be more constructive to add something to the conversation than to be condescending towards everyone who likes the guy.
What makes Aaron Rodgers special?  What makes Tom Brady special?
Dalton played a complete game yesterday against a good defense.  He was accurate, strong armed, made good decisions and was decently atheltic.  He’s been performing at an elite level for a couple years now.  He doesn’t have Lucks intangibles, Mallet’s arm or Newtons athleticism but neither does almost every quarterback ever.
Yes....
This is what I am looking at.
Dalton seems like a guy who succeeds because he knows how to play QB and not because he’s most athletic guy on the field.
Of course very few QBs make it....
but most are not playing for top 5 teams in the nation. He’s not exactly a gimmick QB or anything. His arm may not be great but it’s certainly good enough.
He’s no less mobile than Aaron Rodgers. He seems to me like a guy that’s going to get swooped up by a team we hate around 20-25 and in a few years he’ll get a shot and make us hate ourselves.
