Views:    Font: [ Large Medium Small ]
Here are some friends with simlar question as we.And I have this question for many days,anyone help us?
Kitty said: Yes.How did the drink "Bloody Mary" get its name?-I try seach this on internet but no results found.Maybe this is a stupid question.
Mike said: oh,no,you are wrong.I have found as below for this question(How did the drink "Bloody Mary" get its name?),it will help you,my kids.
Answers:
daughter of Henry VIII and Catherine of Aragon who was Queen of England from 1553 to 1558; she was the wife of Philip II of Spain and when she restored Roman Catholicism to England many Protestants were burned at the stake as heretics (1516-1558)
Synonyms: Mary I, Mary Tudor, Bloody Mary
Other Answers:
The name may be attributed to Mary Tudor, the daughter of Henry VIII. In her brief five-year tenure as Queen, she managed to kill off most of her Protestant adversaries and became affectionately known as "Bloody Mary" to her nearest and dearest. Another account tells of a patron who said the drink reminded him of a girl named Mary he knew at the Bucket of Blood Club in Chicago.
Source(s):
Because it looks like Blood and Mary Invent it!!!
The president of the KOTEX Company came up with the name.
(from Ferdinand Petiot)
The most commonly accepted theory is that the Bloody Mary was born at Harry's American Bar in Paris in the 1920s, spurred by the arrival of the first tins of tomato juice from the United States, according to Dale DeGroff in "The Craft of the Cocktail" (Clarkson Potter, $35, 230 pages). Vodka was relatively new in Paris at the time, thanks to Russian emigres fleeing the Bolshevik revolution, and bartenders were mixing it with just about anything.
The man credited with the drink's invention is Harry's bartender Ferdinand Petiot. When Petiot crossed the Atlantic in the 1930s to run the King Cole Bar in the St. Regis Hotel in New York City, he made a few changes to his creation. He used gin, according to DeGroff, because vodka was not yet available in the United States. And he renamed the drink the Red Snapper because the term "Bloody Mary" wasn't deemed acceptable at the time. When the drink flipped back to vodka, it resumed its original name.
That name may have blue-blooded roots (the English Tudor queen) or a more blue-collar origin (a Harry's regular named Mary). Another theory appeared in The Chronicle's 1975 obituary for Petiot: An American entertainer who sampled the cocktail at Harry's said it reminded him of a Chicago club called the Bucket of Blood.
Over time, the basic recipe has evolved to include vodka, tomato juice, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, lime or lemon juice, celery salt and black pepper, with Tabasco sauce optional. Just as coffee can run the gamut from black to caramel-mocha-frappa-whappa, the Bloody Mary is prone to variation. These include the Bloody Caesar (made with clam juice), Bloody Maria (tequila), Bloody Bull (beef bouillon), and others made with beer and sake.
Source(s):
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/c/a/2005/02/17/WIGITBBISH1.DTL&type=printable
http://www.ingestandimbibe.com/Articles_p/cocktail_p.html
From Mary Tudor, queen of Scots. shewas daughtr  of Henry VIII of England and unlike her half-sister, Elizabeth, she was catholic and when in power she persecuted protestants and killed them, so she got th nickname "Bloody Mary", as the drink is made with tomato juice, its red and resembles blood.
Bloody Mary Cocktail Timeline
1926: Fernand Petiot, an American bartender at Harry's New York Bar in Paris mixes equal parts tomato juice and vodka. Petiot says: "One of the boys suggested we call the drink 'Bloody Mary' because it reminded him of the Bucket of Blood Club in Chicago, and a girl there named Mary."
1927: This is the year that George Jessel claims to have invented the Bloody Mary in his Palm Beach home. He claims the name happened when his friend Mary spilled some of the concoction on her shirt and she said, "Now, you can call me Bloody Mary, George!"
1934: Petiot moves to the King Cole Bar at the St. Regis in New York. His drink becomes popular with New Yorkers but something is missing. The hotel asks him to change the name to the Red Snapper, but it doesn't catch on and it is again called the Bloody Mary. His patrons encourage him to make the drink spicy, so he adds cayenne pepper, black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, lemon, and a big dash of Tabasco? sauce. The recipe is a hit.
March 30, 1956: George Jessel takes out an ad in Collier's that reads: “I think I invented The Bloody Mary, Red Snapper, Tomato Pickup or Morning Glory. It happened on a Night before a Day and I felt I should take some good, nourishing tomato juice, but what I really wanted was some of your good Smirnoff Vodka. So I mixed them together, the juice for body and the vodka for spirit, and if I wasn't the first ever, I was the happiest ever.”
Aug. 15, 1956: The Bloody Mary is mentioned in Punch magazine: "Those two ... are eating raw steaks and drinking Bloody Marys.”
July 18, 1964: Petiot tells the New Yorker: "I initiated the Bloody Mary of today. George Jessel said he created it, but it was really nothing but vodka and tomato juice when I took it over. I cover the bottom of the shaker with four large dashes of salt, two dashes of black pepper, two dashes of cayenne pepper, and a layer of Worcestershire sauce; I then add a dash of lemon juice and some cracked ice, put in two ounces of vodka and two ounces of thick tomato juice, shake, strain, and pour. We serve a hundred to a hundred and fifty Bloody Marys a day here in the King Cole Room and in the other restaurants and the banquet rooms."
Jan. 8, 1975: Petiot dies in San Francisco.
1976: The McIlhenny Company introduces Tabasco? Bloody Mary Mix.
Read this: All the information of cooking and health post by website user,chineseop.com not guarantee
correctness,It's Non-profit and only for informational purposes.
