“I loved and hated this place at the same time.”
Reviewed September 23, 2010
people found this review helpful
If you only get two things out of this review, get these two:
1. Yes, it is worth going to
2. DO NOT get the pre-package dinner deal from your tour company, you will be charged almost double what you would normally pay. Just reserve when you get to your hotel, and Bloody Marys will pick you up in a shuttle for free.
For those of you who want more details, here is my review:
We knew it would be touristy, we bought t-shirts and did the whole shebang and it wasn't a bad experience. I loved the atmosphere, and although I read a previous review that said not to order a Bloody Mary, I did anyways and it was good. It was actually pretty reasonably priced as well for Bora Bora--about $7.50 where cocktails are normally about $13-$20. The food was good, the fish cooked rare. My husband realized that they didn't ask how we wanted our fish cooked and ran back up to the counter to ask them to cook it rare, assuming with the number of Americans coming there they would think everyone likes their fish overcooked (He used to be a cook for 20 years, and realized a lot of people don't know how fish is supposed to be cooked). It came perfectly cooked and was very good.
Now for the not so great stuff: I think everyone in there was American, and most of them are the "resort" type of Americans that like everything pre-packaged and like home, and the restaurant seems to know this. Their special of the night was "mahi mahi cooked in foil and ranch dressing." (Ranch dressing?? Seriously??? Are we in Kansas?). That and the music was a mix of Rod Stewart (including his cover of the Christmas song "Baby it's Cold Outside"), Sade, and The Village People. On repeat. Polynesian music would have been much better.
Lastly, this place is out to rip off tourists, and while its almost understandable it's still not cool. Our travel company offered us a package inclusive of dinner at Bloody Marys for two for $200. We declined and decided to see what the prices were because we thought we would probably spend less than that. We were very glad we did. For food alone, which is all the voucher from tour companies covers, we spent less than $100. A guy who was next to us while ordering his dinner from the grill area said he had a voucher, and the hostess said that it did not cover drinks, tax, or gratuity, and that if they wanted to order lobster it was an additional $40 per lobster order. We paid about $35 each for our fish entree, $20 for our shared appetizer, and about $35 for three bloody marys, a beer, and a bottle of water. We could have ordered lobster at $70 each and with food alone still not hit $200. HUGE rip off. Don't do the tour voucher package thingy.
Lastly, the hostess said something to the guy with the voucher about his voucher not covering gratuity. To American ears, this is a normal thing to hear. But wait.....aren't we in French Polynesia? Where tipping is not customary? All of the travel forums and books we read said tipping was not customary, and our travel agent told us too. There were no expectations of tips at ANY other restaurant we went to, especially the ones frequented by the French. When we got our check, there was the word "Gratuity" in HUGE handwriting on our bill. We always tip well back home, but we're not back home. We're in French Polynesia. They are obviously trying to get tips out of us because we're American and we felt a bit put off by it. Nevertheless, we left 10%.
It was fun, worth going to for a fun touristy experience, and the cocktails were surprisingly cheaper than the hotel's. But just know what to expect.
Value
