Bloody Mary Recipe | Guide to best Bloody Mary Mix Recipe
Bloody Mary Recipe Guide
Perfect Bloody Mary Mix Recipe
GwEsswPX4p0zUSTRvpfZGUMhZ5U>
Bloody Mary Recipe Central -You found it!  Now stop clicking all over the web for a Bloody Mary Recipe.  You look like a fool.  To your credit, you did manage to stumble upon the definitive source for all things bloody Mary.  Go ahead and bookmark this page, then begin your journey to the perfect bloody Mary Recipe.
The best bloody Mary mix does not fall from the sky.  Nor does it come in some bottle at your grocery or liquor store.  Not good ones anyway.  As a connoisseur of daytime beverages, (i.e. raging alchoholic), I have spent an embarrassing amount of time crafting and perfecting the art of Bloody Mary making.  (As well as bloody merrymaking!)  Any given Sunday, (or other days ending in "y"), you'll find a bloody nice group of folks camped out in my backyard having a bloody good time.  This is not because I have a sparkling personality.  Nor am I blessed with riches, charm or good looks.  I know how to make the best Bloody Mary.
Slow down!  Don't click that Bloody Mary Recipe tab just yet.  I didn't just read a recipe and become the bloody artisan that I am and neither shall you!  You must go to school, learn from masters like Ernest Hemingway - hone the the skill of getting to know your bloody friends' taste preferences- lest you ham-handedly turn out some hasty concoction as pleasing as one's first "romantic" encounter.  As I said, slow down!  Take your time.  If you respect yourself, your friend, or your customer.  You'll take the time to get to know their likes and dislikes.  This is key if you are to delivery the best bloody Mary .
I will elaborate in the pages that follow, but let me suggest that any Bloody Mary Recipe is a blend of forces.  Like yin and yang, these forces balance and check one another.  Imagine a diamond.  The top and bottom points are tomato juice and vodka.  (or tequila in the Bloody Maria. Mmm)  At either side of this bloody diamond are the fresh and the bold ingredients. (e.g. fresh lime vs. worchestershire) ...I don't know where in bloody Hell I was going with that, but read on:
Get to know your friend's taste.  When I first make a Bloody Mary for a friend, I ask a few simple questions:
1. Do you like spice?
2. Lemon or lime?
3. Do you like horseradish?
4. Bold or fresh?
5.  What is your social security number and mother's maiden name?  (This one might best be asked AFTER a couple bloody's)
Thanks for stopping in.  Please enjoy my bloody mary recipe -the ultimate recovery drink!
Bloody Mary Recipe Mix Guide
Like us on Face Book and look cool!
