Irish whiskey replacing vodka.
Bloody Murder 
Gin replacing vodka, black vinegar replacing Worcestershire sauce, wasabi sauce replacing horseradish, served with a cherry tomato pierced with a plastic sword stirrer
Bloody Murray (also known as a Vampiro) 
Tequila replacing vodka or Blurry Murray
Bloody Pari 
Arak (Aragh-e Sagi) replacing vodka
Bloody Philip 
Thailand Lao Khao (literally white liquor) 80 proof, rice distilled, replacing vodka in equal measure
Bloody Pirate, Cubanito 
Dark rum replacing vodka. The latter is commonly found on menus in Havana , Cuba .
Bloody Sunshine 
Pickle instead of celery, habenero sauce replacing tabasco. Originated in St. Louis, MO.
Bloody Scotsman 
Brown Mary or Whiskey Mary 
Whiskey replacing the vodka.
Danish Mary or Bloody Dane 
Akvavit replacing the vodka.
Michelada Clementina (or simply "Chelada") 
Mexican beer replacing vodka, usually flavored with a couple of dashes of Worcestershire sauce and Maggi sauce and Tabasco sauce . Usually made with Clamato (tomato juice with clam juice added). Usually the proportion of beer equals the tomato juice.
Red Eye, Calgary Red Eye, or Saskatchewan Red Eye 
Traditionally, beer replacing vodka; now frequently, in a 50/50 mixture with Clamato in place of the tomato juice.
Red Hammer 
Through the 1950s in the Northeastern U.S. , while vodka was scarce, gin instead of vodka was known as a Bloody Mary; once vodka became readily available in those regions, the traditional vodka-based Bloody Mary was known as a Red Hammer for a time.
Red Snapper, Bloody Margaret or Ruddy Mary 
Gin replacing vodka
Virgin Mary, Bloody Shame, Bloody Virgin, or Bloody Barbara 
Without alcohol. "Virgin Mary" is commonly used in the USA, and "Bloody Shame" is commonly used in Australia. "Bloody Barbara" refers to Barbara Castle , the British Minister of Transport who introduced tougher drink-driving laws. [11]
Variations in mixers
Bull Shot 
Beef bouillon or beef consomme in place of tomato juice . It may also contain salt, pepper, lemon juice , Tabasco sauce and Worcestershire sauce .
Caesar , Bloody Caesar, Bloody Clam, Clam Digger, Red Wings or Clammy Mary 
Clamato replacing tomato juice, much more popular in Canada than the traditional Bloody Mary.
Commander White 
Pineapple juice replacing tomato juice.
Bloody Bull 
Beef bouillon and tomato juice. The drink originated at Brennan's restaurant in New Orleans and is served at Commander's Palace as well as other Brennan Family Restaurants .
Bloody Eight or Eight Ball 
V8 replacing tomato juice, or a mixture, usually equal parts
Bloody LeRoy 
Barbecue sauce replacing tomato juice. Invented by the Reverend Horton Heat and Gibby Haynes during the recording of The Full Custom Gospel Sounds of the Reverend Horton Heat, which Haynes was producing.[ citation needed ]
Bloody Mariyaki 
Made with teriyaki sauce instead of Worcestershire sauce .
Variation in drink format
Placed in a blender with ice.
Bloody Margaret 
Similar to a Frozen Bloody Mary, but including milk or cream and served like a margarita, with a celery stick and/or a shrimp. A Virgin Margaret is a summertime drink inspired by the Orange Julius .
Flaming Bloody Mary 
A small amount of 151 rum is floated on top and a string hangs outside the glass and is ignited for a cold weather drink.
Flaming, Frozen Bloody Mary 
A frozen Bloody Mary is topped with 151 rum and ignited. Also called "Bloody Fire and Ice". A ceramic mug is used to avoid shattered glass.
Bloody Marynara 
Same ingredients as a traditional Bloody Mary, only substituting generic, grocery store-bought marinara for tomato juice. Served as a shot
Baja Style Bloody Mary 
Another variation on the bloody mary contains vodka and/or tequila, lime juice, Clamato, hot sauce, worcestershire, salt, and vegetables. Vegetables used include onions, cilantro, olives, and celery,
Miscellaneous
