Post a comment
With Halloween just around the corner, I thought it would be fun to explore some spooky myths and legends. That way, we all will have a scary story to share at an upcoming Halloween party.
Let's begin with the story of "Bloody Mary." Although there are a lot of different ideas about who Bloody Mary was and what it takes to summon her from the other side, she has been apart of folklore far longer than most people think.
Many take the legend of "Bloody Mary" all the way back the Mary, Queen of Scotts. Mary was the daughter of King Henry VIII and Catherine of Aragon. She wasn't well liked, even as a child. History records her bad temperament almost from the moment of her birth. And it didn't improve as she grew older.
Mary became Queen of England upon the death of her brother. She was an unpopular monarch who was eventually replaced by her sister, Elizabeth. The English people despised Mary for changing the religion of her country from Protestant to Roman Catholic. In response, she had more than 100 protestants put to death; thereby earning herself the name "Bloody Mary."
Other people believe that Mary was a witch executed during the Salem trials for her connection to the dark arts. They say her rituals involved the torture and mutilation of young girls, although the only proof of that given was the fact that many went missing during the years that Mary practiced witchcraft in New England.
The township had no proof of Mary's crimes; only suspicions and exaggerated tales. But that didn't matter to them. They railroaded the matronly spinster, making certain that she was convicted as a witch. They hanged her on the "witch tree."
As she burned, Mary vowed revenge upon the townspeople through the death of their daughters. Shortly, thereafter young girls once again started disappearing andsupposedly continue to do so to this very day.
Other legends report that Mary was a young woman who died in a horrible car accident that hideously disfigured her beautiful face. Because teenagers were responsible for the accident, they say she focuses her revenge upon specifically upon teens.
Still others believe that Bloody Mary was a young girl who was raped and accidentally murdered by a group of teenage boys. Rather than admitted their crime, the boys hid her body in an old trunk in the attic of a deserted house.
Those who subscribe to this tale believe that Mary seeks revenge because she was denied a proper burial. Since teenage boys were responsible for her death, supposedly Mary seeks revenge upon their young girlfriends.
It is the last legend that was used to form the basis of a horror movie in 2005 entitled "Urban Legends: Bloody Mary." Why that particular legend was chosen over the others is unknown. Perhaps it simply struck a chord with those responsible for the development of the film.
With each version of who Bloody Mary is, there is an equal number of different versions regarding how she can be called. The one thing that all of the versions have in common, is that the person summoning Mary must stand in front of a mirror.
Some say that the mirror must be candlelit, while others indicate any mirror will do. The number of times that Mary must be called differs as well, varying from three to thirteen. Also different is the specific words used to summon her.
Most agree that all that is necessary to summon Mary is to say her name "Mary." Others report that the words used should be "Hell Mary." Still others say that calling the name "Bloody Mary" in the mirror will summon her.
What happens to those who summon Mary is also in dispute. Some claim that she pulls the caller into the mirror with her, never to be seen again. Others say that she reaches through the mirror to strangle them or scratch out their eyes. Still more claim she simply drives them insane.
The Internet is ripe with stories that claim true-life experiences with the legend of "Bloody Mary." Some of them may be true, in part. Others are obviously exaggerated. Either way, the story makes for great Halloween fodder and provides a great scary story around the campfire.
Published by Charlotte Kuchinsky
I'm an author, columnist and poet. I have done extensive business, creative and technical writing and written curriclum for high schools, colleges and universities. I am currently the principal writer for a...   View profile
