Best Answer (Chosen By Asker):
Posted by gregtooke Nov 1st, 2010 at 11:03PM
I've researched this subject in detail -almost daily.  Then, when I stopped drinking bloody Mary's for a moment, I read up on the legend of Bloody Mary!   There are two popular legends about the old gal, which I'll summarize.  Then, I'll tell the real story of the legendary Bloody Mary.
Legend #1: This legend claims that the evil woman can be summoned by chanting "Bloody Mary" into a mirror anywhere from three to thirteen times in a darkened room, lit only by a candle. The bathroom is the most popular setting to test out the legend.  After the given amount of chants, the spirit will then appear in a mirror to claw your eyes out. Death will follow. Other variations have her driving you insane or pulling you into the mirror, never to be seen again.  I hate it when that happens.
Legend #2:  The other legend of Bloody Mary is more historical and actually ba
sed on a degree of fact. Imagine that!  Queen Mary I of England was born February 18, 1516, the daughter of King Henry VIII, and his first of six wives, Catherine of Aragon. Mary was the only child from that union to survive infancy. She reigned as Queen of England from  1553 until her death in November of 1558.  Mary had always rejected and resented the break with Rome that her father had instituted and his subsequent establishment of the Anglican Church(Potestant).  Legend has it that Mary was Hell bent on bringing England back to Roman Catholicism by any means necessary. The effort was carried out by force, and hundreds of Protestant leaders were executed in Mary’s bloody reign of terror. This earned the queen the title of “Bloody Mary”.
The True Legend of Bloody Mary- no, really. Mary was the first of my six wives.  She reigned over my house with an iron fist from the winter of 1984 to the summer of 1989.  Legend has it that her husband was a horrible phlanderer. His exploits would drive Mary into fits of rage.  In an attempt to cope with Mary's bloody tirades, her husband concocted a potent elixir of ingredients never combined before.  He named the cocktail, "Bloody Mary."  Mary soon tired of the lemon peels in her sink, and the spent tomato juice cans in her garbage and left me for a guitar pla
yer.
Years later I married a Mexican lady named Maria.  Read about the legend Maria spawned here
www.mybigfatbloodymary.com
8 Answers to "Why was Mary Queen of Scots called Bloody Mary?"
Posted by nonnahsw Apr 14th, 2011 at 8:47PM
This urban legend is so popular that stories poured in. Here, you'll find an array of interesting variations sent in by our visitors. You can read more about the legend here. So who is the real Bloody Mary? Some think they really know, others aren't quite so sure. As you can see, the controversy continues.
Mary Tudor was the jewel of England. The prized possession of her parents, King Henry Tudor VIII of England and Queen Katherine (Catalina) of Spain and Aragon. When The Queen could not provide a son by the time Mary was 10, King Henry sent her away to one of their castles in the marshes. She died a number of years later with out seeing Mary before her death.
Mary was around the age of 19. In those seven years, Mary had been turned into what only could be called an bastard child. The king had also taken up a mistress, Anne Bolen. She gave birth to Elizabeth I. Edward VI was from another mistress that was soon crowned Queen. She later died. When Mary would not submerge to the Kings rule, accepting Anne as the Queen and declaring herself a bastard child, he made himself head of church so she could not refuse him. Mary had to sign the contract or be faced with death.
When still, she obeyed her mother's wishes for her to become Queen and not a bastard child, King Henry declared himself head of church over the pope. She signed and avoided the death penalty. When Henry died, leaving only bastard children, Mary became the first female Queen of England. She made the pope head of church again.
She killed the people that opposed her and still wanted things to be like they where when her father ruled. She killed so many for the sake of England. She later fell in love with a Prince Philip, but he soon left her to return to his hailing county. Some say she went mad like her Aunt Juana when her husband died. The truth may never be reveled about the real Bloody Mary. This story may not be accurate, but It is the best I have come up with. By RachaelThe legend of it here in Jackson, Michigan goes like this: A long time ago there was a little girl named Mary. She must have gotten in an accident because she went into a coma. At that time, doctors didn't know what a coma was, so they thought she was dead. They buried her alive! Every night Mary's mother thought that she heard a scream coming from Mary's grave, but no one believed her.
Finally one day, Mary's mother convinced them to dig up her grave. When they did, they found scratches on the top of the coffin and Mary's fingernails were all bloody. There are many different things that I have heard that will happen when you say "Bloody Mary" in the mirror. The most popular one here is that you will see Mary in the mirror walking down a case of stairs. She may be holding a knife. If she is, you must turn on the lights or she'll kill you. Also she could be holding a rose or teddy bear, and then she won't kill you.
Mary's "so called" grave is also here in Jackson. I have been to it.
Posted by RRK1 Oct 30th, 2010 at 9:19PM
She wasn't called Bloody Mary. It was Mary Tudor who was Bloody Mary.
Yes, they lived at the same time and Mary Queen of Scots was beheaded by Elizabeth Tudor
Response:
Elizabeth Tudor (Elizabeth 1) was imprisoned by Mary Tudor and was often in fear of her life.
When Mary Tudor died, Elizabeth became Queen and was afraid for her throne, so she imprisoned anyone who might have a claim on the throne. She had Mary Queen of Scots beheaded because she was so popular, among other things and she was perceived as a threat. When Elizabeth died both unmarried and childless, Mary's son, James because James I of England and James VI of Scotland, thus joining the two countries.
[ Reply ] | Like (2)
Reply by Rolle2323 Oct 30th, 2010 at 9:00PM
Didn't Elizabeth Tudor (who is supposedly a distant ancestor of mine-haha) imprison one of them? or did she imprison both of them? And why did Elizabeth Tudor have Mary Queen of Scotts beheaded?
Posted by ChipmunkErnie Nov 1st, 2010 at 10:56AM
Exceptionally heavy menstrual flow.
Posted by gullibleboy Nov 1st, 2010 at 10:54AM
For the number of people she ordered to be beheaded
[ Reply ] | Like (1)
Posted by nevenera1 Oct 30th, 2010 at 9:28PM
Bloody Mary was called that because she killed lots of people in the name of religion.. granted she was not the only one, but she did kill quite a few, including her cousin Jane Grey.  She is often confused with her cousin Mary Queen of Scots, but I don't think she killed her.
She was unhappy with her father's (another bloody ruler) decision to break with the Catholic church (as well as him divorcing her mother) and wanted to restore it as the religion in England, which she did until her death, then her half sister became queen and England became protestant again.
[ Reply ] | Like (1)
Posted by Almana Oct 30th, 2010 at 8:42PM
Mary, Queen of Scots was not called Bloody Mary. It was her cousin, Mary Tudor, who had that title. Mary Tudor was given that nickname for the reasons given by elevenses.
Reply by Rolle2323 Oct 30th, 2010 at 8:50PM
Did Mary Tudor and Mary Queen of Scots live at the same time?
Posted by sofican Oct 30th, 2010 at 8:36PM
BECAUSE SHE WAS BEHEADED
Add an Answer to "Why was Mary Queen of Scots called Bloody Mary?"
You have 3000 characters left.
Send me an email when there are new answers to this question
Email:
For privacy do not use your real name
Age Range:
You must be at least 13 years old to use this site.
By clicking "Answer", you confirm that you agree to the Terms of Service of Experience Project, Inc.
