Bobbie Weiner is one of a few elite makeup artists who
specialize in applying special effects makeup
You have seen Bobbie's work in the Oscar nominated film, Titanic where she was the special effects make-up artist who transformed hundreds of actors into blue-lipped, icicle covered corpses. She is a make-up consultant to many studios and is one of the leading suppliers of F/X make-up and stage blood for the studios in Hollywood. You have seen Bobbie’s F/X make-up, Camouflage Face Paint (the same camo that she makes for the Department of Defense today) and her famous frost in Behind Enemy Lines with Gene Hackman and her amazing F/X make-up in the film Shooter, starring Mark Wahlberg.
She has been written up in dozens of national and international magazines and writes articles for numerous magazines. She has been featured on Entertainment Tonight, CNN and when you go to a sporting event, whether a college game or the Superbowl, the fans can thank Bobbie for the face paint they sell at the events so the fans can show their team spirit. After finishing her first film, Pumpkinhead II, Bobbie went on to work with Johnny Cash, Sugar Ray Leonard, Danny Trejo, Lorenzo Lamas, Tony Franciosa, Katherine Helmond, Loretta Swit, WCW, WWE, just to name a few.
In 1999, Bobbie introduced her new line of Halloween make-up , "Bloody Mary", and did a Bloody Mary Tour throughout the USA doing her famous "Make-up to Die For" Workshops, and Demos for her customers. Today she still is in great demand and travels all over the USA doing her Demos and at the same time raising money for children's charities. In 2000 she was asked to be a keynote speaker for the 7-11 International Convention which has led her to motivational speaking engagements and lectures for all types of events, corporations and colleges.
In 2005 The Tales of Bloody Mary comic book, created by Bobbie, hit the shelves. Bobbie started licensing her name out and today you will see shelves filled with different products using the character she created, the name Bloody Mary, her own line of Hot Sauce and Bloody Mary Mix . In 2007 Bobbie licensed her name Bloody Mary and comic book theme to the Six Flags Over Texas Theme Parks and "Bloody Mary’s Circus of Fear" Haunted Attraction was premiered in Arlington, Texas. In 2008, Bobbie licensed her name to Universal Orlando and a Bloody Mary Attraction along with many Bloody Mary licensed product lines will make their debut this fall in Orlando, Florida at the largest Halloween event in the world, "Halloween Horror Nights".
The USA Department of Defense recognizes Bobbie as their #1 supplier of Camo Face Paint for our soldiers. Bobbie has received gold metals and honors from the government for her camouflage product lines for the men and woman that protect our country. Bobbie was approached by the hunting industry and they get the same quality face paint that she supplies to the USA Government.
Bobbie was approached by a funeral director to develop make-up for his funeral home. This led her to develop a new line of cosmetics, Bloody Mary’s, " The Final Touch " which sells worldwide to funeral homes.
Bobby Weiner aka Bloody Mary, (her nick name in the Film Industry) the F/X Make-up Queen is one of the most respected and successful Artesians in her field.
All face paints are non-toxic and make with the finest ingredients!
Never tested on animals and have no animal products!
All make-up is made in the USA.
BLOODY MARY MAKES THE "HOT PICK" LIST!
Bobbie was hand picked by Teen People Magazine's TrendSpotters, an exclusive community of 12,000 "Plugged In" influential teens who choose products that they think are cool.  The TrendSpotters are between the ages of 14-24 who keep the teens in touch with the teen plus market.
FT. HOOD MEETS DEAR BLOODY MARY®
Bobbie Weiner isn't only a make-up artist - she's a one-woman USO.  The owner and founder of Bloody Mary, the make up effects company known for its blood and Goth products, visited Ft. Hood, Texas in late February to entertain the families and troops returning from the Middle East. She demonstrated her make-up effects techniques to packed houses and got to do make-up demos on everyone from soldiers to a four-year-old girl who wanted to be transformed into Medusa.  Weiner's company has been a major supplier of Camouflage face paint to the government for years, and she felt great to be able to support the forces in terms of morale as well.
