ARE YOU INVITING  THEM TO COME AND VISIT YOU?
 
BY DEBBIE MARTIN
: WARNING : VIDEOS  contain Offensive and Coarse Language
We all know how to call bloody mary up to visit us no matter where we live in the world. But you have to ask yourselves it is possible to invite just any ghost of your choice to come and stay for a nice visit? Depending on who you are, and your frame of mind it just might not be the best of ideas.
 
Bloody Mary is a ghost or an evil wicked witch featured in Western folklore. She is said to appear in a mirror when her name is called out loud three times or sometimes more, depending upon your areas version of the story. Other very similar tales use different names for the character including Mary Worth, Mary Worthington, Candy Man, Satan Wife Mary,  Julie Hough, and Hell's Queen Dead Mary.
BUY IT HERE NOW!
From director Mary Lambert (Pet Sematary, The In Crowd), the terrifying Urban Legend trilogy comes full circle with URBAN LEGENDS: BLOODY MARY, delivering enough hair-raising scares to rival The Grudge and The Ring. On a prom-night dare, a trio of high-school friends chant an incantation, unleashing an evil spirit from the past with deadly consequences. That same night, the girls are abducted by a gang of high-school jocks. Once rescued, their tormentors receive their just desserts, dying one by one in a chain reaction of gruesome murders, each with a bizarre "Urban Legend" twist. Is it all just a high-school prank taken to grisly extremes - or has "Bloody Mary" returned from the grave to wreak her own vengeance?
Mirror ghost and the tales of summoning u the dead to appear may vary across the country to huge extremes. In New Orleans they actually call the real ghost of Marie Laveau. They say when she appears she will grant you only one wish. But to obtain the wish you must answer the three questions she puts of you. Otherwise she will drag you to hell only leaving a bloody room with a broken mirror when others come into to look for you.
 
SMYLZ attempts to summon Candyman
 
BUY IT NOW!
Based on a story by Clive Barker and skillfully written and directed by Bernard Rose, Candyman rises above most horror films by eerily suggesting that some urban legends--in this case a particularly frightening one--have a spooky basis in reality. The legend of the Candyman is a potent one around the high-rise tenements of Chicago's Cabrini-Green housing complex, where the residents speak of a dark, ominous figure who appears when his victims say his name five times in front of a mirror, then mercilessly slashes them to death. Upon learning that the Candyman is rumored to live in one of the vacant tenements, a University of Illinois researcher (Virginia Madsen) investigates a recent murder at Cabrini-Green. She learns that the Candyman (played by Tony Todd) is both unreal and chillingly real--a supernatural force of evil empowered by those who believe in his legend. He is a killer made flesh by the belief of others, and the young researcher's investigation is a threat to his existence. What happens next? We wouldn't dare spoil the chills, but rest assured that writer-director Rose has tapped into a wellspring of urban angst and fear, and Candyman serves up its gruesome frights with a refreshing dose of intelligence. --Jeff Shannon
Candyman 2 - Farewell to the Flesh
BUY IT HERE NOW!
His myth has endured for generations. His legacy is eternal rage. And now he's back...with a vengeance! Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh continues the tale of the phantom-like figure who wreaksa terrible fate upon those who chant his name five times while looking into a mirrorand come face-to-face with grisly death. A victim of unspeakable evil while he lived, the "Candyman" (Tony Todd, The Crow) has become evil incarnate in his afterlife. This time, he haunts the city of New Orleans, where a young schoolteacher named Annie Tarrant (Kelly Rowan, 187) is struggling to solve the brutal murder of her father. The locals insist that he was slain by the Candyman,but Annie is not convinced...until she unwittingly summons him forth, learns the secret of his power, and discovers the link that connects her to him. But can she stop him before he kills again?
A stylish though inferior sequel to its classic predecessor, Bill Condon's Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh deepens our knowledge of what made the murdered Daniel Robitaille turn into the monster that haunts dreams and mirrors. But some of it is still pretty routine: schoolteacher Annie takes a long time to connect her family's plantation-owning past and her own artistic talent with the legend, and is far too ready to say the Candyman's name five times in a mirror to debunk her pupils' fears.
The setting: New Orleans at Carnival time with a disc jockey whimsically reminding us that Carnival is the last farewell to pleasure before the rigors of Lent. Tony Todd, who returns as the Candyman, gives a quiet dignity and sadness to the monstrous specter with a hook for a hand. His life was torn from him and he is mad for vengeance, yet he has an artistic temperament and loved Annie's kinswoman Caroline. Condon captures an attractive elegiac tone in much of this, as well as moments of brutal horror. --Roz Kaveney
Candyman 3: Day of the Dead
BUY IT HERE NOW!
The candyman is back and hes hooked on revenge. The legendary evil ghost returns to claim the last surviving member of his ill-fated family setting in motion a horrifying and brutal killing spree. Only the beautiful caroline knows the secret that can stop the terrible apparition once and for all. Studio: Lions Gate Home Ent. Release Date: 08/16/2005 Starring: Tony Todd Donna Derrico Run time: 102 minutes Rating: R Director: Turi Meyer
Amazon.com
Based on a story by Clive Barker and skillfully written and directed by Bernard Rose, Candyman rises above most horror films by eerily suggesting that some urban legends--in this case a particularly frightening one--have a spooky basis in reality. The legend of the Candyman is a potent one around the high-rise tenements of Chicago's Cabrini-Green housing complex, where the residents speak of a dark, ominous figure who appears when his victims say his name five times in front of a mirror, then mercilessly slashes them to death. Upon learning that the Candyman is rumored to live in one of the vacant tenements, a University of Illinois researcher (Virginia Madsen) investigates a recent murder at Cabrini-Green. She learns that the Candyman (played by Tony Todd) is both unreal and chillingly real--a supernatural force of evil empowered by those who believe in his legend. He is a killer made flesh by the belief of others, and the young researcher's investigation is a threat to his existence. What happens next? We wouldn't dare spoil the chills, but rest assured that writer-director Rose has tapped into a wellspring of urban angst and fear, and Candyman serves up its gruesome frights with a refreshing dose of intelligence. --Jeff Shannon
 
In the Miami they often call the ghost of Mama Marie Basra. In Sacramento kids often summon none other the the bloody insane The Real Vampire Killer, Richard Trenton Chase to appear. They say he comes to you covered in blood and if you don't blow out the candle as soon as you see him you then become his next victim from beyond the grave.
They say that if you place two tall  and they must be all black inside and out candles, and let them burn in front of a full length mirror then the devil himself will come to grant you a wish if your sly enough to not fall under his dark powers,
One of the more common ways participants attempt to make real ghosts of the dead serial killers appear is to stand before a mirror in the dark (most commonly in a very small bathroom) holding a tall taper of a red candle beneath your chin and repeat  their name three times with your eyes tightly closed, though there are many variations. Some include chanting  it over 300 hundred times, chanting at midnight and or only at 3:AM, spinning around 13 times, rubbing one's eyes, running the water, or chanting there infernal name only once in a defiant tone with a lit black candle and a bottle of Holy water and a crucifix.
When I was young we use to go to great lengths to call up this ghost Queen called Crazy Mary Sue Binge. We'd plan our weekends to see who we'd invite over to see who would actually get Crazy Mary to appear. And by what many will tell you here in Savannah, Georgia she really did.
 
In some versions of the legend here in Savannah, the summoner must say, "Crazy Dead Mary, I killed your new born son with an ice pic!" or "I killed your baby Boy and fed his heart to the dogs." In these variants, the real crazy Bloody Mary is often believed to be the spirit of a mother (often a widow) who murdered her children so the yankees would not get them, or a young mother whose baby was stolen from her by the Union Soldiers, which made her go mad in grief and she eventually committed suicide by throwing herself to a pack of hungry wild savage starving dogs.
In stories where Mary is supposed to have been wrongly accused of killing her children, the querent might say "I believe in Crazy Mary Come and tell me your truths." This is similar to another game involving the summoning of the Bell Witch in a mirror with no more then just three drops of your own blood making an x on the mirror at midnight.
The Bell Witch or Bell Witch Haunting is a poltergeist legend from Southern United States folklore, involving the Bell family of Adams, Tennessee. The legend is the basis of the films An American Haunting (2006) and The Bell Witch Haunting (2004), and may have influenced the production of The Blair Witch Project (1999).
John Bell Jr. also wrote a book presenting the story as history.
According to the legend, the first manifestation of the haunting occurred in 1817 when John William Bell, Sr. encountered a strange animal in a cornfield on his large farm in Robertson County, on the Red River, near Adams, Tennessee. The animal, described as having the body of a dog and the head of a rabbit, vanished when Bell shot at it. This incident was quickly followed by a series of strange beating and gnawing noises manifesting outside and eventually inside the Bell residence. Betsy Bell, the family's younger daughter and the only daughter still living at home (Bell's oldest daughter Esther married Alexander Bennett Porter July 24, 1817), claimed to have been assaulted by an invisible force.
An artist's drawing of John Bell's death, originally published in 1894. In the foreground one can see a couple of men feeding the family cat with some of the unidentified liquid which was found near the body of John Bell. The cat died.
John Bell Sr., later in life, suffered frequent facial seizures, often rendering him speechless. John Bell, Sr. died on December 20, 1820. A small vial containing an unidentified liquid he allegedly ingested was found near the body. When some of the contents were force-fed to the family cat, the animal died. The vial was then disposed of in the fireplace.
Pat Fitzhugh's retelling of the Bell Witch legend concludes with a statement to the effect that some people believe that the spirit returned in 1935, the year when the witch claimed it would return ("one hundred years and seven" past 1828), and took up residence on the former Bell property. Other sources say that 1935 brought nothing out of the ordinary to the Bell descendants or the surrounding community.
The game of calling up the real ghost of the Bell witch to apper is considered by many as just often a test of courage, as it is said that if bell Witch and sometimes Bloody Mary is summoned, she would proceed to kill the summoner in an extremely violent way, such as ripping his or their face off, scratching his or her eyes out, driving the person insane or bringing the person into the mirror with her.
Some versions say that if you chant their unspeakable name thirteen times at midnightbut it is aid to work better when the time is closer to 3:AM, into a mirror that only reflects back your lite reflection. They say you must look are stare only into your own eyes. If you see your face begin to change then you know she is looking back at you ! Other variations say that the person summoning the dead Bell Witches ghost must not look directly at her, but at her eyes only in the image reflected back at you from in the mirror; If you can stare into her eyes for a full ten minutes and a tear runs down your cheek then you have passed her test and will not die. Then The Bell Witch  will then reveal the  future to those present, particularly concerning marriage and children. You must then answer her questions. The questions usually consisit of, "What do you want must of all in this life?" Answer this will all your beliefe and don't lie, tell it like it is. And she will tell you the truth. Many are said to record EVP's at these sessions to make sure they can understand her answers because they are always in rhyme.
Bloody Mary Worth is typically described as a child-murderer who lived in the local city where the legend has taken root years ago. There is often a specific local graveyard or tombstone that becomes attached to the legend.
On the other hand, various people have surmised that the lore about taunting Bloody Mary about her baby may relate her tenuously to folklore about Queen Mary I, known in history by the sobriquet "Bloody Mary".  The queen's life was marked by a number of miscarriages or false pregnancies. Had Mary I successfully borne a child, this would have established a Roman Catholic succession in the English monarchy and episcopacy and threatened the continuance of her religious persecutions after her death. Speculation exists that the miscarriages were deliberately induced. As a result, some retellings of the tale make Bloody Mary the queen driven to madness by the loss of her children. It is likely, however, that Queen Mary I provided only her nickname to the Bloody Mary of folklore. She is also confused in some telling's of the story with Mary, Queen of Scots.
 SMYLZ tries a THIRD time to summon Bloody Mary. This time, it's Halloween, Midnight, complete darkness, with a candle, and with the spinning around part. No excuses.
 
The mirror ritual by which Bloody Mary is summoned may also relate to a form of divination involving mirrors and darkness that was once performed on Halloween. While as with any sort of folklore the details may vary, this particular tale encouraged young women to walk up a flight of stairs backwards, holding a candle and a hand mirror, in a darkened house. As they gazed into the mirror, they were supposed to be able to catch a view of their future husband's face. There was, however, a chance that they would see the skull-face of the Grim Reaper instead; this meant, of course, that they were destined to die before they married.
Also see:
Some old passed down oral traditions state that the Devil invented mirrors for this specific purpose. HAUNTED MIRRORS · Bloody Mary The Face In The Mirror ...
www.hauntedamericatours.com/hauntedfurniture/haunteditems.htm -
HAUNTED MIRRORS, MIRROR, The Real Museum, HAUNTED AMERICA TOURS, ghosts pictures stories, photos, Paranormal Investigation, haunted America,urban legends.
www.hauntedamericatours.com/museum/hauntedmirrors.htm -
The owners in the mid 1970-1980's wife purchased the haunted mirror from a New Orleans ... ALSO SEE: REAL HAUNTED MIRRORS HERE NOW! THE GHOST IN THE MIRROR ...
www.hauntedamericatours.com/toptenhaunted/.../POSSESSEDPOSSESIONS.
