Hair: Brown
History:
(Marvel Comics Presents#129/3 (fb)) - As a fetus in the womb, the future Typhoid  Mary heard the harsh words of her screaming parents, crashing against her  mother's belly, causing her to curl tighter.
(Marvel Comics Presents#151 (fb) - BTS) - Mary's birth name  was Walker (presumably her last name).
(Marvel Comics Presents#129/3 (fb)) - After being born, "every  night, the shadow of violence and cruelty passed over her body," causing her to  cringe in her crib. Then she'd hear the footsteps that she came to learn meant  unwelcome touches, and she'd shut her eyes tightly, her soul clenching into a  fist.
(Typhoid#4 (fb)) - At some point, a man (her father?) tied a  gun into Mary's mouth as punishment for something, telling her that she might  trip the trigger by even breathing.
(Marvel Comics Presents#129/3 (fb)) - One night, when the hand  reached into her crib, she curled up so tightly that she shoved her own mind  deep into her unconscious, "and out lashed a savior...a wild, frenzied, clawing,  screaming defender! That shadow -- he never, ever fell on her again."
(Marvel  Comics Presents#151 (fb) - BTS) - The trauma and need to protect herself caused  her to manifest telepathic, telekinetic, and pyrokinetic powers.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb)) - The infant who would become Typhoid  Mary was discovered to possess a dissociative identity: One persona, which  became known as Mary, was sweet and cooperative, but fragile, sickly, and prone  to seizures and other disorders; the other, which became known as Typhoid (named  for the constant fever she ran in this persona), was  bereft of Mary's sicknesses and proved to be utterly unapproachable,  uncontrollable, and murderous, even as a little girl.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb) - BTS) - Per Mary's account, her father  was blind. This eventually led her to work with blind children.
(Power Pack I#53 (fb)) - Since he couldn't see, Mary's  father didn't use lights, so he didn't pay for electricity, and consequently  Mary grew up without lights, TV, radio, or refrigerator. During the day, she  read to her father from their few books, though she was never sure if he  listened. Mary stopped going to school and never had any friends. Her father's  disability checks paid to have food delivered, though her father rarely ate.  Mary's world ended with the setting of the sun, and she spent each night praying  for the sun's return to create the world anew.
    In the end, Mary's devotion couldn't save her father, and he  died, leaving her alone.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb)) - Institutionalized since childhood,  the young girl underwent every known test but continued to baffle the entire  scientific community. Mary remained unaware of her other persona (see comments).
(Typhoid#4 (fb)) - Young Mary heard a crazy person in the  institution rambling about fairy tales.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb)) - Little was known of Typhoid, as she  could only be recorded when sedated. She spent every waking moment relentlessly  battling all help, relentlessly and furiously. The only time she cooperated with  testing was during training of her nascent telekinetic training, as it was  something she wanted to develop (see comments).
(Marvel Comics Presents#151 (fb) - BTS) - She was noticed by  the wrong people, who stole her, then experimented on and abused her, seeking to  harness and steal her powers.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid eventually escaped.
(Marvel Comics Presents#110 (fb) - BTS) - Mary awakened in a  beautiful hotel room, not remembering how she got there, and she was surprised  to find a bright red dress (that she would never have worn) as well as bruised  lip and rope burns on her wrists.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb)) - Mary turned up a year later as an  extremely successful stage actress. Most people she worked with felt her  destined to become the greatest actress of the decade, but then she disappeared,  presumably when Typhoid decided to end her career.
(Daredevil I#350 (fb) - BTS) - Working as a prostitute  named Lyla (her hair dyed blond), she was alleged 19 years old and grew up  somewhere in New Mexico. She was allegedly running from a father "who didn't  know the difference between a daughter and a wife." She came to New York to be a  dancer or an actress.
    Lyla worked alongside Donna Lopez and Babe, becoming good  friends with the former. Donna felt that Lyla was suffering.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997 (fb) - BTS) - Mary kept 10% of her  profits, and the brothel in which she worked tended to service a higher level  clientele.
(Daredevil: The Man Without Fear#2 / Daredevil I#350) - Lyla was present when Matt Murdock/Daredevil  tracked one of the Fixer (Roscoe Sweeney)'s men to her brothel. When the women  assumed it to be a raid, Matt fought back, knocking "Lyla" out the window to her  seeming death. Matt was plagued by guilt for this for years.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997 (fb) - BTS / Official Handbook of the  Marvel Universe: Daredevil 2004: Typhoid Mary) - With Lyla/Mary's fall, Typhoid  took control again and embarked on her criminal career, vowing never to be hurt  by a man again
(Deadpool#7 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid worked with T-Ray in Beliz  (and apparently previously, as well) for six months, making large amounts of  money and sharing a sweaty romance, but eventually things went bad and he left  her with the business end of a shotgun taped to her throat.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid launched a career of  robbery and blackmail in Chicago, Illinois.
(Daredevil I#254) - Typhoid Mary stopped a man, Rip, from  mugging another man, then seduced him and made him her agent. Shortly  thereafter, she and Rip ambushed and slaughtered a group of drug dealers to  claim their money; afterwards, Mary romanced Rip amidst the dead bodies,  laughing off his attempt to prove his dominance over her with a punch as she  instead proved she was on top.
(Daredevil I#254 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid wiped out a number of  Hell's Kitchen gambling dens and drug houses that were under the Kingpin's  domain, killing many of the criminals she encountered.
(Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Update '89: Typhoid  Mary) - Much of the New York City press viewed her favorably, regarding her as a  vigilante, as she only killed criminals, and even the NYPD seemed to tolerate  her activities.
(Daredevil I#254 - BTS) - One of the Kingpin's agents reported  that Typhoid Mary was taking down his operations. Intrigued, the Kingpin ordered  a private viewing of all government and private computer data on her.
(Daredevil I#254) - Typhoid looted a gambling den, laughing  off warnings that it was run by the Kingpin and tormenting one of the criminals  by telekinetically manipulating a knife.
(Daredevil I#254 - BTS) - The Kingpin was impressed with what  he learned, and felt that he could use both of Typhoid Mary's personae to ruin  Matt Murdock and Daredevil. He ordered his agent to put word out on the street  that she was to come see him at once.
(Daredevil I#254) - Using her telepathic and telekinetic  powers to escape detection, Mary made her way up the Kingpin's headquarters and  put her machete to his neck, but he casually punched her away. When she set his  desk on fire, he smothered the flames under his palm. With Typhoid impressed  enough to listen, Fisk offered her 1 million dollar to take down Murdock and  Daredevil, making him love her like he couldn't live without her, and then  ripping his heart out and leaving him alive and bleeding. Noting Murdock was  handsome, Typhoid accepted, noting that for a job with such juice she would have  done it for free.
    The next day, Mary attracted Murdock's attention, introducing  herself as a volunteer worker with the blind and offering to help young Tyrone  Janson, blinded by Kelco (a Kingpin owned business)'s toxic waste. Making a  connection to his blindness and claiming to be able to teach Tyrone how to see  without eyes, Mary quickly earned Matt's full attention.
(Daredevil I#255) - Mary brought Tyrone by Matt Murdock's  place, and she used her telepathic abilities to make Tyrone think he was gaining  awareness of his surroundings. She then seduced Matt, earning  a  romantic kiss.
    Later, Typhoid ambushed Daredevil, taunting him with the name "Merry Christian." Though angered by her violent means, he nonetheless found  himself strangely attracted to her, though even his perceptions could not  identify her as the same person as Mary; even his radar sense blurred around her  form. After getting him hot in more ways than one, she slipped away, delighting  in this assignment, as making Mary fall in love with him would hurt Mary, too.
(Daredevil I#256) - Mary met again with Matt, telling him how  she was continuing to improve Tyrone's navigating skills. Matt tried to  apologize for kissing her, but was distracted by a man having a heart attack.  After he saved the man, Mary kissed him again. Back at her apartment, Mary was  enjoying being in love when Typhoid began to take over again; Mary briefly  realized what was happening before being overwhelmed completely. Typhoid later  met up with one of the jurors in the case of Janson vs. Kelco, convincing her to  accept payment to vote against the needed unanimous verdict for the plaintiff.  When Typhoid and Rip later met with the Kingpin, she influenced the Kingpin and  taunted him with her affections for Murdock and Rip, causing him to become  jealous.
    When Daredevil tried to communicate with the juror, Typhoid  assaulted him again, leading him into a sewer and continuing to fog his radar to  minimize his effectiveness against her. When she gained the advantage over him  and began strangling him underwater, Mary's persona surfaced and forced Typhoid  to run away. Daredevil subsequently convinced the juror to reject the Kingpin's  money, while Mary went home and took a shower to try to wash away how dirty she  felt. The jury voted against Kelco.
(Daredevil I#257) - Kingpin summoned Typhoid to a meeting, but  Mary showed up instead. After she spurned his advances and noted her affection  for Murdock, the Kingpin told her to get out. Back at her apartment, Mary worked  on a drawing while daydreaming about Matt, but Typhoid taunted Mary for being a  slut and made her ruin the drawing. Typhoid then took over again and redecorated  the whole apartment with random paint. She then visited the Kingpin. While the  two engaged in some archery, Kingpin questioned Mary's showing up for her  appointment, but Typhoid assured him she was in charge. As she detailed her  plans to make Murdock leave Karen before revealing who he was really in love  with, the Kingpin told her to drop her weapons and kissed her passionately. All  the while, she thought how she had Fisk's heart in the palm of her hand and she  was going to make a fist.
    Later still, Mary met with Matt, who told him he was thinking  about telling Karen what had been going on between them. Mary kissed him again  after igniting a series of nearby candles.
(Daredevil I#259) - Claiming she was afraid to be alone, Mary  pressured Murdock to spend more time with her. While working out in the pec  deck, Typhoid attempted to assuage the Kingpin's concerns over delays in  destroying Murdock, telling him that she was enjoying her work too much to rush  it, but he was concerned that her Mary side was in love with Murdock and was  preventing her from hurting him. When Typhoid tried to laugh it off, calling him  fatman, Kingpin pulled back on the machine's cables, hurting Typhoid's shoulders  as he told her never to call her fatman and demanded she finish up with Murdock  that same day, as he couldn't stand the thought of Murdock touching her for one  more day. Typhoid remained defiant, telling Kingpin that he wouldn't hurt her  and that she had him wrapped around her little finger; as he left, however, she  realized that Mary's love was making her too strong, and she was constantly  struggling to dominate. Realizing that Mary might overwhelm and lock her away,  Typhoid vowed that if she couldn't have Daredevil then no one could. She then  accessed the Kingpin's database and located a file containing names of what she  felt to be "big-time Daredevil foes": Ammo, Bullet, Bushwacker, and the Wildboys.  Since Mary wouldn't let her hurt Daredevil directly, she decided to let others  do the job for her.
    Shortly thereafter, Typhoid entered Bullet's home, getting  Bullet's attention by threatening his son, but he swiftly agreed to her offer to  kill Daredevil...and then showed some romantic interest in her. She later fought  her way into a New York City prison, slaughtering several guards before freeing  Ammo and convincing him to join her. When several other prisoners tried to come  with them, Mary slashed several of them with her sword (or machete) and then  slammed the cell door on them.
(Daredevil I#259 - BTS) - Typhoid and Ammo broke the Wildboys  out of prison.
(Daredevil I#259) - Alongside Ammo and the Wildboys, Typhoid  watched as a surgeon reattached Bushwacker's gun arm. Typhoid then instructed  all of them to feel free to brutally batter Daredevil, but to leave him alive  for her. Mary later met with Murdock, again begging him not to leave her alone.
(Daredevil I#260) - After Daredevil was battered in succession  by Bullet, Bushwacker, Ammo, and then Jet and Spit, he was left hanging weakly  from a bridge by the latter two. Threatening the Wildboys with her sword, she  stopped them from killing Daredevil. She started to pull Daredevil up, telling  him she loved him, but then dropped him off the bridge to the ground far below  as a tear ran down her face.
(Daredevil I#261) - After manipulating one of the Kingpin's  agents into wanting her, Typhoid reported to the Kingpin, who grabbed her by the  neck, angry that she had seemingly killed Daredevil. Mocking him, she encouraged  him to kill her. He slapped her away, and the two fought for awhile before  things again turned to romance. Afterwards, Typhoid thought to herself that the  Kingpin thought he had tamed her but that he would eventually find out who owned  who. Later, Mary, bruised and battered from the recent struggle and wondering  why, wandered out on the bridge above Daredevil's still fallen body, considering  suicide as the only way she could stop Typhoid.
(Daredevil I#262) - As Inferno raged over Manhattan, Mary  stood on the bridge, shifting back and forth between personae. Mary saw the  fallen Daredevil and began to approach him, but as she did, he revived  sufficiently to destroy a demonized vacuum cleaner that was attacking him. It  exploded, and to protect herself, Mary subconsciously released Typhoid who  deflected debris with her machetes. She next approached the collapsed Daredevil,  still in Mary's appearance, and introduced herself as Typhoid Mary.
(Daredevil I#263 (fb) - BTS) - Mary apparently regained  control of her form and had Daredevil brought to a hospital.
(Daredevil I#263) - As Inferno continued, Typhoid made deals  with certain demons. Meanwhile, however, Mary visited Daredevil in the hospital,  and she told Karen Page she knew who Daredevil was and that he loved her. When  Matt revived, possibly due to Typhoid's telepathic influence, he called Mary's  name, breaking Karen's heart.
    Later, a demon-bonded Mary confronted the Kingpin, telling  him that Daredevil had survived (not revealing that it was Mary that saved him),  but when he insisted she stay with him at all times, she told him that he was  the servant of demons; the demons then claimed he had sold his soul to them  years ago.
(Daredevil I#264 - BTS) - Emotionally spent, Daredevil left  New York and wandered the country.
(Mutant Misadventures of Cloak and Dagger#9) - During the "Acts of Vengeance" conspiracy, Typhoid met with Dr. Doom (or a Doombot).
(Power Pack I#53 (fb) - BTS) - Doom (or a Doombot) employed  Typhoid to obtain the secrets of Kymellian technology from Dr. James Power.
(Power Pack I#53) - Working with a blind girl, Melissa, Mary  pretended to accidentally encounter Alex and Julie Power, as well as their friend  Tandy Bowen (Dagger, then temporarily blind). While accompanying all four Power  children to Tandy's apartment to meet her stepfather, Phillip Carlisle, Mary  pretended to accidentally trip Tandy; Julie Power thought it was done on  purpose, but Alex accused her of being jealous of Mary's beauty. The kids later  took her to meet James Power, and Mary spent time meeting Alex after school,  establishing a bond. Learning that Alex felt inadequate around his father, she  decided to exploit this. She told Alex a story about failing her own father (see  comments), earning his sympathy. Later that night, Typhoid tormented Mary,  threatening to blind her unless she turned out the lights and ate sardines (or  something in a similar package) like when she was a child.
    Upon assuring Alex was completely enthralled with Mary, Mary  began to pay more attention to James Power (even kissing him once) and  influenced James to scold and belittle Alex.
    Typhoid subsequently left a note from Mary saying she had  been abducted, which, as intended, drew Alex to try to rescue Mary. Typhoid  instead confronted Alex (who didn't recognize her as the same person). Typhoid  showed videos of her technology capturing Dr. Power. When the rest of Power Pack  arrived and attacked her, Typhoid fled and caught up with James. Alex pursued  her while the others put off flames she had started. Typhoid dropped Dr. Power  off of the top of a building, but Alex saved him. Typhoid escaped as the Power  family reunited, mocking Mary that she would never let her know affection like  that family.
(Power Pack I#53) - Typhoid told Doom of her actions, which  sent him into a rage, as that was not what he had employed her to do. In  particular, he was furious over her seeming efforts to kill Dr. Power, as he  knew firsthand how devastating it could be to lose a father. After Doom detailed  this loss, Typhoid departed, mocking him as she had found the chink in his  armor...which was her intent all along.
(Captain America I#373) - When Bullseye approached the Kingpin  to discuss potential future employment, Kingpin had Typhoid leave the room at  Bulleye's request.
(Captain America I#374) - Kingpin voiced his frustration to  Mary about drug-dealers moving in on his territory (which was actually a plot of  the Red Skull)
(Captain America I#375) - While the Kingpin was out on a date  with Typhoid (looked more like Mary) at a restaurant in Little Italy, they were  interrupted by Captain America (at the time under the influence of ice, a drug  which had bonded to the Super-Soldier serum in his system) who sought  information on the drug war.
(Captain America I#376) - The dinner was again interrupted,  this time by Crossbones, sent by the Red Skull to slay the Kingpin. At the  Kingpin's instruction, Typhoid got out of the way. She later tried to ambush  Crossbones with a thrown knife, but his head was knocked aside by Daredevil who  threw his billy club to save his life. As the two men fought, Kingpin took  Typhoid and departed. Typhoid later offered to take out whoever had sent  Crossbones, but the Kingpin refused, wishing to use Bullseye instead. When  Typhoid insisted she was Bullseye's equal, Fisk noted that she was not, however,  expendable, like Bullseye.
(Captain America I#377) - When Bullseye called in and reported  the Red Skull's death (which proved to be a robot duplicate), neither the  Kingpin nor Typhoid believed the Skull was really dead.
(Daredevil Annual#7/4) -  Mary threatened a criminal,  telling him he had spoken too much of his activities with the Kingpin, then  telepathically manipulated him into committing suicide. This drew the attention  of the monstrous, cannibalistic Lifeform who was wandering the streets. Her  telepathy failed to drive Lifeform away, and her control wavered as Mary felt  sympathy for the creature and tried to take over to help it. Ultimately,  Lifeform resisted all of Typhoid's assaults and swatted her down to the ground  and prepared to feed, but then Mary took over and apologized for Typhoid's  actions, saying Typhoid couldn't control herself. Sensing the dual personae  within Typhoid Mary and suffering from two egos as well, Lifeform took sympathy  on her and left her in peace.
(Marvel Comics Presents#109 - BTS) - Roberts, an  assassin/product of the Project's psychic surgery, confronted Wolverine, asking  his help in exposing the Project's activities. He named "Mary Walker" as another  product of the Project and asked Wolverine to find her.
(Marvel Comics Presents#110 (fb) - BTS) - Logan contacted Mary  Walker and arranged to meet with her at a diner to discuss the possibility of  her being a Project agent and of helping Roberts.
(Marvel Comics Presents#110) - Logan approached Mary, who  seemed ignorant of the Project and its agents but noted that she did have memory  blocks and nightmares of having done terrible things. She offered to visit the  Project to see if it jogged any memories, specifically hoping to figure out the  missing parts of her memory. Mary had a number of addresses and maps (I'm not  sure where she was supposed to have gotten them from), but before they went out  looking, Mary wanted to be sure Logan wouldn't turn her in to the police if they  found out bad things about her. Sympathizing with having woken up with blood on  his hands, Logan kissed her.
(Marvel Comics Presents#111) - Investigating one of the  Project's facilities alongside Logan, Mary was horrified when Logan beat up some  guards. In the laboratory, Mary released a number of research animals, while  Logan opened a safe and found videotapes labeled "The Project." Back at Mary's  house, they watched some tapes on the Project's psychic surgery, which touched a  chord in Mary, bringing Typhoid to the surface. Typhoid confronted Logan,  kissing him, and when he tried to talk Mary back into control, Typhoid kissed  him again and set his shirt on fire. When he tore his shirt off, she set his  skin on fire and fled.
(Marvel Comics Presents#112) - Meanwhile, Typhoid forced one  of the Project psychic surgeons (Trevor?) to reprogram another, Harry, to make him hate all the  things he had previously enjoyed. When Logan tracked her down (hoping to find a  way to liberate Mary from Typhoid), Typhoid reminded him that he had been  psychically programmed as well and sought his aid in taking vengeance on these  men. When Logan tried to reach Mary, Typhoid pretended to let Mary surface, only  to set Logan on fire once again.
(Marvel Comics Presents#113) - Blinded by the fire, Logan  nonetheless caught hold of Typhoid and threatened to cut Mary out of her. Mary  surfaced once again, and Logan vowed to finish collecting the evidence needed to  prove Roberts had not been in control of his actions and then to get Mary some  help. When Logan left her to guard Harry while he forced information  from Trevor?, Mary's thoughts drifted to her past and the problems Typhoid had  caused her. Taking advantage of her distress, Typhoid took control and prepared  to pay back the Project scientist.
    In reading the whole arc, it actually seems that Mary let  Typhoid out but then used her to accomplish her agenda in confronting Sidney.
(Marvel Comics Presents#114 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid abducted the  scientist, stole the research/evidence, torched the laboratory and fled.
(Marvel Comics Presents#114 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid traveled to  the house of Sidney Joern, the Project's head psychic surgeon and slaughtered  his guards before reverting to her Mary persona.
(Marvel Comics Presents#114) - Mary confronted Sidney, telling  him she had evidence that placed him as the mastermind of the Project's illegal  psychic surgery operations and told him she wanted him to do his work in reverse  on her, removing the killer persona within her. Intrigued, Sidney agreed to do  so.
(Marvel Comics Presents#115 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid Mary allowed  Sidney and his agents to hook her up to their technology and begin the psychic  surgery on her.
(Marvel Comics Presents#115) - Sidney and his men worked on  Typhoid Mary, and Sidney discussed how he could bring her back to her earliest  childhood to prevent the development of the Typhoid persona. Unwilling to have  Mary alive to potentially blackmail him further, Sid prepared to shut down her  mind and/or kill her, but Wolverine arrived to stop him. Wolverine tried to make  Sid finish the elimination of Typhoid but he proceeded with another, less  obvious way to kill her, until one of his aides, Trevor, exposed his actions.  After Sid shot Trevor and began shooting at Wolverine, Typhoid Mary awakened and  confronted both Logan and Sid.
(Marvel Comics Presents#116) - Telekinetically hooking  Wolverine up to the equipment (much like his Weapon X experimentation), Typhoid  to hunt down and slaughter all of the psychic surgeons, impaling agent Harvey  with a pipe as he fled. As she embraced and then stabbed agent Lee, Logan  tackled her, trying to force Mary to the forefront, and with a kiss he briefly  did so; but then Typhoid regained control, leapt out a window, and escaped.
    Wolverine apparently beheaded Sidney, though his head was  apparently kept alive by the Project, which became the Fortress.
(Daredevil I#292) - Typhoid was present alongside the Kingpin  during a meeting with Colonel Strang (secret Hydra agent Garotte), agreeing to  his group of investors support in Fisk's media enterprises. After he left,  Typhoid questioned working with a "backwoods bozo," but the Kingpin assured her  he was only using him for his money. With the business over, they were both  happy to move on to the night's pleasures.
(Daredevil I#294) - Typhoid was present alongside the Kingpin  at Fisk Entertainment Television when news anchor Peter Scott protested against  reading the subjective, inflammatory material given to him. Fisk calmed Scott,  telling him he was sure they could come to an understanding. After Scott left,  Typhoid mocked the Kingin for kowtowing for ratings points, but he assured her  that was not the case, after which he instructed his agent Maltese to see to it  that Scott's 12 year old son suffered the temporary loss of his legs.
(Daredevil I#295) - After the Kingpin and Typhoid watched a  decidedly more cooperative Peter Scott read the news, Typhoid showed the Kingpin  a sensationalistic headline that they had arranged for the Daily Post as part of  Fisk's efforts to increase FET's appeal to the common man.
 (Daredevil I#297 (fb) - BTS) - Daredevil delivered  papers to the Department of Social Services, including forged signatures of two  doctors and a judge for a petition for the involuntary commitment of "Mary  Mezinis."
(Daredevil I#297) - As part of a plot to take down the  Kingpin, Daredevil placed a shattered locket of his wife, Vanessa, on his desk.  That night, when Typhoid wanted more lovin', the Kingpin instead lashed out at  her, accusing her of failing to take care of matters in the Bronx, as well as  getting rid of potential subversives within his operation. He further noted that  these indicated she disregarded his business and was using him to indulge her  desires. Irate, Typhoid left, assuring him that she would take care of the  matters.
    Typhoid later visited Jimmy "The Whale" Sabini to tell him he  needed to double his percentage to the Kingpin, retroactive a month ago. She  walked in on Sabini mocking the Kingpin's weight and slashed one of his men,  Joey, when he tried to get rid of her. After Sabini warned her to stay away from  his merchandise, she set some of his cocaine on fire and then issued her orders.  Sabini started to protest, but then Daredevil arrived and challenged her. Before  departing, she warned Sabini to remember what they had talked about, jamming her  thumb into his recently enucleated eye socket. When Typhoid tried to meet  Daredevil  outside the building, he swiftly knocked away her machetes with his Billy club.  He then tackled her, pinned her down, and surprised her with a passionate kiss.  Caught off guard by his sudden affection, Typhoid kicked him off and ran away,  but he confronted her again and pulled her close, and the two kissed  passionately.
 (Daredevil I#297) - After a night of romance, Daredevil  left Mary still sleeping. Soon after, Tony Hoyt and Susan Calkin of the  Department of Social Services had the superintendent let them into her room, and  they sent two aids, Jack and Tina, to bring her in in a straight jacket. Mary  was in tears as they approached, closing her eyes and hoping she was just  dreaming this.
(Marvel Comics Presents#123/3 (fb)) - While institutionalized,  Mary pretended to take her medication, but hid them under her tongue and then  spit them out and hid them later.
(Marvel Comics Presents#123/3 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid escaped  the institution, and Mary took a job working with the Women's Action Movement,  promoting equality for women, promoting protection from sexual harassment, etc.
(Marvel Comics Presents#123/3 - BTS) - Taking the form of  Typhoid Mary, the demon Dusk assaulted the Ghost Rider (Dan Ketch).
(Marvel Comics Presents#123/3) - Working at a WAM booth at a  mall in upstate New York alongside the young, unmarried, pregnant, but upbeat  Eve and the older, cynical, anti-male Andrea, Mary encountered Dan Ketch. As she  talked to him about how both men and women had problems to deal with, she found  herself intrigued with Dan, which made her feel uneasy. She fled to the  bathroom, where Typhoid taunted her for her desires. Typhoid told Mary she  needed her to do something.
(Marvel Comics Presents#124/3) - Dusk communicated with Mary,  telling her he could remove Typhoid from her if she would deliver Ghost Rider to him  by driving him to the brink of madness. Eve came to check on Mary in the  bathroom, and they left to find the lights off in the mall. When Mary walked  towards the back of the mall to get Andrea's van, a trio of corrupt security  guards (including Billy) decided that her garb indicated she wanted a man. They  confronted her, but when one of them grabbed her and tried to kiss her, Typhoid  emerged and caused him to choke on his tongue, then slammed the other two men  against the wall, killing one of them. Drawn by the danger, Dan Ketch became  Ghost Rider but arrived as Typhoid smashed the men, and -- thinking he was  seeing the woman from his dream -- assumed her to be a murderess. He struck her  down with his penance stare, causing her to experience the pain she had caused  her enemies, incapacitating her; blood shot began to ooze from her body.
(Marvel Comics Presents#125/3) - Ghost Rider was distraught  when the collapsed Typhoid reverted back to innocent Mary. When Eve and Andrea  found Mary's collapsed form, Andrea decided that it was time for the final  battle of the sexes, and she began rallying women for war. Dusk took control of  Mary and awakened her.
(Marvel Comics Presents#126/3) - When Andrea praised Mary for  killing the two men, Mary denied ever hurting anyone and then ran away. Mary  again reverted to Typhoid and sought out Billy, the security guard who had gotten away  (who had since gone on a mad shooting spree, presumably influenced by Dusk). She  first found Danny Ketch and the priest Louis Tarsitano, and she assaulted Danny,  trying to get him to turn into Ghost Rider. Just as he transformed, the  remaining guard arrived, shooting at her, but she levitated a knife and stabbed  him with it, then set him on fire. The vengeful Ghost Rider then wrapped his  chain around her neck and told her she would never kill again.
(Marvel Comics Presents#127/3) - Typhoid telekinetically  removed Ghost Rider's chain from around her neck and then knocked him back,  after which she lunged on top of Father Tarsitano, taunting his innocence and  telling him to save her. As Ghost Rider fought her again, he found himself torn  between the desire to punish her but the need to not harm Mary, which pushed him  over into madness, which brought him fully into Dusk's realm, the Realm of  Insanity.
(Marvel Comics Presents#128/3) - Mary confronted Matthew and  Sally Tarsitino (son and wife of Reverend Lou), taunting them and pretending to  try to seduce young Matthew, but she departed when Loy arrived. Realizing Dusk  had betrayed her, never intending to cure her, Typhoid found an entrance to the Realm of Insanity and entered it, intending to teach Dusk that Typhoid was not  to be crossed. As she entered, however, she failed to realize that only insanity  could enter Dusk's realm, and the sane aspects of her were left behind,  defenseless.
(Marvel Comics Presents#129/3) - Within the Realm of Insanity,  Typhoid located Eve on the verge of being seduced by a seemingly benevolent male  manifestation of Dusk, and she drove him off, then shared a vision of her past  with Eve to convince her never to trust men.
    Meanwhile, back on Earth, Mary's vulnerable spirit was  confronted by the pure/innocent spirits of Eve and Dan Ketch.
    Typhoid further tried to disabuse Eve of the thought that a  knight would save her, telling her there were no white knights, only insanity.  At that point, Dusk appeared and confronted them both, and tormented Typhoid  with all of her darkest fears, as well as the emotions associated with all of  the men in her life. Ghost Rider approached and instructed her to release Mary  from her clutches, but Typhoid refused to be controlled or enslaved. Denouncing  all men for hurting her, she leapt off a cliff into a spiked pit.
(Marvel Comics Presents#130/3) - Pure Mary's spirit form  weakened, but Eve and Dan's forms, possibly bolstered by the thoughts and  prayers of the others, worked to save her. Within the Realm of Insanity, Ghost  Rider and Eve defied Dusk's will, and they levitated with Typhoid through a  portal back to Earth and reunited her with Mary's spirit form. Typhoid began to  revive as Dusk tore through his realm into the mortal world, but weakened and  traumatized by recent events, she decided to flee. She broke into and stole a  car to "get home to her babies," which turned out to be some drug that dulled  her mind into the sweet bliss of oblivion.
    Meanwhile, Ghost Rider dunked Dusk's head into a toilet bowl  whose water had been blessed by Father Tarsitino, seemingly destroying Dusk.
(Marvel Comics Presents#150 (fb)  - BTS) - Mary returned to psychiatric care under Dr. Hunt, who diagnosed her  identity disorder and also noted the two personalities were splintering into a  third. He placed her in a virtual reality simulation where she could switch personae under his secret  monitoring.
(Typhoid#1 (fb)) - Within her straightjacket and in a padded  cell, Mary spoke to her different selves as recorded on the institute's footage.
(Typhoid#1 (fb)) - When a guard came to bring Mary food,  Typhoid broke out of her restraints, overpowered (and possibly killed) him, and  left her in his restraints as she escaped the room.
(Typhoid#1 - BTS) - Hunt passed footage of Mary and her  various selves from the institute's tapes to his friend Trent.
(Marvel Comics Presents#150 (fb) - BTS) - Mary disappeared for  three days, her release arranged by an unidentified judge, who sought an affair  with Typhoid. She proved more than he could handle, trashing part of his house  and burning his face with wax. The judge contacted Dr. Hunt to come get her.
(Marvel Comics Presents#150) - The judge let Dr. Hunt and his  associate, John, into his house to get Typhoid. Hunt went in first, but Typhoid  quickly got him hot and bothered and pulled him into an embrace (a knife in her  hand); John rushed in and drugged her into incapacitating, but not before she  asked Hunt if John might want to join them. Back at the psychiatric hospital,  Mary recovered from the drugs, feeling terrified and humiliated, and placing her  trust in Dr. Hunt to help her.
    Shortly thereafter, Wolverine resolved to locate and free the  mutant empath Jessie (whom he mistakenly assumed to be a girl) from the Fortress  facility but needed Typhoid's help to penetrate security, which could track  brainwaves, scent, pulse, etc. He met with Mary in the hospital, and she begged  him to kill her to end her suffering. He instead convinced her to help him free  Jessie. When Dr. Hunt tried to stop him, noting that she was too delicate and  was about to start the integration process, Logan cowed him by noting that he  seemed to have a more than a professional interest in her and was planning on  establishing Typhoid as the sole persona for his own ends.
    Posing as technician from Computer Express, Mary (who had no  trace of powers they could measure) gained entrance into the Fortress, then  turned into Typhoid, took out several guards, located Jessie and began to  escape, but security measures able to track Jessie incapacitated them both. As  they collapsed, Jessie sent out Typhoid's thoughts, contacting Ghost Rider and  Daredevil for aid. As Dan Ketch was out of touch, the message was instead sent  to Ghost Rider/Vengeance (Michael Badilino).
(Marvel Comics Presents#151 (fb) - BTS) - The incapacitated  Typhoid was implanted with a chip that the Fortress could use with which to  track her.
(Marvel Comics Presents#150) - Fortress technicians put  Typhoid in a sensory deprivation tank and began studying her memories. Forced to  relive her worst memories, Typhoid cried out (via Jessie) for them to stop, then  lashed out with destructive force with her telekinesis and pyrokinesis, slaying  many Fortress agents (but sparing the women) and then making armor for herself  as she assumed the new identity of Bloody Mary, who hated and sought to punish  all men.
    After escaping, Mary took Jessie to a women's shelter for  some food and a bed to sleep in. After learning of the shelter's files on abused  women, Mary was shocked to learn Jessie was a boy who had taken a more feminine  form via his empathic nature. Lashing out as Bloody Mary again, she abandoned  Jessie, stole the shelter's files, and departed.
    As the Fortress sent their agent Steel Raven to recover  Jessie, Bloody Mary began assaulting and killing misogynistic men, delivering  unto them the same injuries they had given to their victims. Daredevil (unable  to find either Typhoid or Mary by their scent), Wolverine, and Ghost Rider each  continued their search for Mary.
(Marvel Comics Presents#151) - Typhoid played pool at a bar,  betting herself and deliberately losing to Fast Charlie. Back in his hotel room,  she made the quick shift to Bloody Mary and brutally beat him in the same  fashion as he had beaten his two wives. Later, as Mary resurfaced, Steel Raven  confronted her, having tracked her via the Fortress' chip. Bloody Mary knocked  Steel Raven aside, and when she revealed she had abandoned Jessie long before,  Steel Raven called a truce, then convinced Typhoid to help her take vengeance  against Dr. Zachary Hoffner for his role in experimenting on children. When  Ghost Rider/Vengeance appeared soon after, he blasted Bloody Mary with a  hellfire blast that reverted her back to innocent Mary, who fled. Soon reverting  to Bloody Mary, she found and beat another abusive man, but when his abused wife  protected him, Bloody Mary became disgusted and decided to focus on hurting them  men who had hurt her. When Wolverine attempted to ambush Bloody Mary, Daredevil,  not recognizing her as Typhoid or Mary, stopped him from attacking what he  thought was an innocent woman, and Bloody Mary escaped before they could come to  an understanding.
    As Mary slipped amongst her personae, Wolverine found and  attacked anew, then tried to reason with her, but Bloody Mary closed-mindedly  blamed all the world's evils on men. Nonetheless, Bloody Mary still saw Dr. Hunt  as her would-be savior, and she was disillusioned when Wolverine revealed that  Hunt was in love with Typhoid and intended to preserve her and destroy the other  personae. Wolverine sympathized with her mental manipulation and pushed her to  manifest her different personae. They were interrupted by Steel Raven who  encouraged Mary to flee, and she again ran into Jessie, who noted that he was a  girl trapped in a boy's body, and that he wanted to be like her...the best of  her...a fourth personae. Looking within herself, she manifested this fourth  persona, Walker, a more stable, rational, and functional version.
    Walker traveled to Dr. Hunt's hospital, using her telepathic  powers to block her presence from those around her, and confronted Hunt.  Accusing him of psychic rape, she screamed for help, then publicly accused him  of holding her captive, drugging, and abusing her, instructing the security  agents to check his videotape library for evidence. Walker subsequently made a  public statement, announcing her mission to avenge all women who had been  wronged, physically, mentally, professionally, romantically, etc. by punishing  each abusive man via the same methods he had used against each woman. She then  departed alongside Jessie.
(Spectacular  Spider-Man II#213 (fb) - BTS) - Mary stopped taking her medications.
(Spectacular Spider-Man II#213 (fb) - BTS) - Bloody Mary  battered and slew two abusive men.
(Spectacular Spider-Man II#213 (fb) - BTS) - Bloody Mary slew  a third abusive man, one who had moved from town to town seducing and beating up  women (some of them he even married). Innocent Mary stayed behind, claiming to  have seen and heard everything through a hole in the wall.
(Spectacular Spider-Man II#213) - With reporter Peter Parker  present alongside the NYPD, Mary reported how this woman had read the man's  crimes off papers and then done the same thing to him. She was terrified and  believed to be a homeless person, and Parker took sympathy on her, giving her  his and Mary Jane's phone number and inviting her for a home-cooked dinner. Back  at her apartment, Mary was surprised to find artwork and weapons from her  various personae, then found the files on the abusive men and resolved to do  something about one particularly proliferative man.
    Typhoid showed up at the Parker's apartment, mocking her for  being a loyal wife and eventually trashing their apartment before departing.  Soon after, Typhoid arrived at a bar and teased a trio of men before deciding  they weren't enough for her and beating them senseless. Spider-Man caught up to  her as she was leaving, and she played him with enticement or feigning ignorance  before punching or kicking him. After striking him with a barrage of levitated  junk, he asked her about the killings, and she denied it before reverting to  Mary and fleeing. Typhoid sought to retake control, but, just before Spider-Man  caught up to her, she reverted to Bloody Mary again and targeted Jack Morray, the  particularly abusive man she had noted before. She aimed a rifle at him, but  Spider-Man fouled her aim, and the two fought fiercely, if briefly. Spider-Man  bound her with webbing, but she set it afire, along with her surroundings, and  fled while Spider-Man dealt with the fire -- though he did have time to tag her  with a Spider-Tracer. Spider-Man then realized that Mary, Typhoid Mary, and  Bloody Mary were all the same person, and that one of the latter two might  return to threaten MJ anew.
(Spectacular Spider-Man II#214 (fb) - BTS) - Mary spent a few  hours in a library researching the holdings of Jack Morray, as well as the life  of Spider-Man.
(Spectacular Spider-Man II#214) - Catching up to Jack Morray at  another of his homes, Bloody Mary discovered and then removed Spider-Man's  tracer. She then reverted to Typhoid, leaving Bloody Mary's armor behind as a  decoy for Spider-Man. Later on, as Mary (Innocent or Walker), she pretended to  faint in front of Morray, who took her into his townhouse. As he prepared to  seduce and assault her, she changed to Typhoid and pretended to be a willing  participant. As he told her how he liked to bring women nearly (or fully) to the  brink of death as some sort of turn-on, she changed into Bloody Mary, assembling  armor from his kitchen knives. Before she could attack, Spider-Man arrived,  webbed up Morray, and fought Bloody Mary. She caught him off guard with a  headline blaming him for Gwen Stacy's death, but when she attacked anew, he  recovered and fought her. As he tried to convince her to stop her assaults, she  reverted to Typhoid, intending to use other tactics, but he denied her and  ultimately convinced Mary Walker to come out. While Mary cried over what her  other selves had done, Morray shot himself, though Spider-Man's webbing stopped  it from being any more than a surface wound. Walker then resurfaced and agreed  to turn herself in. When John Jameson arrived with a guard from Ravencroft,  Walker confessed her multiple personae and their crimes, noting she hoped to be  cured after which she would willingly face criminal charges for the crimes her  other selves committed.
(Typhoid#1 (fb) - BTS) - Mary was placed into a halfway house.  Mary befriended a man named John (telling him that she could only know him as  long as he didn't ask too many questions), Walker tried to keep to herself, and  Typhoid slipped out periodically.
(Typhoid#1 - BTS) - Trent watched the footage of Mary with his  friend, Quince Taranova, and they resolved to  use department access of Quince's  father, Jack, to hack into confidential files and find out where Mary was  last placed. They intended to capture her and make a movie about her as their  prisoner.
(Typhoid#1) - Within her halfway house, Walker was frustrated  by her painting abilities, noting that Mary was the one with the talent. Mary's  friend John called for her, and Walker released Mary to talk to and meet with  him. Mary learned from another resident, Gladice Henry, that her daughter  Cynthia was missing. Soon after, Gladice reported that Cynthia was dead, and  that the police didn't care because she was a prostitute. Walker got a number  from Gladice for Flavia, another prostitute who had called Gladice. Flavia  informed Walker (who claimed to be a private investigator) that several  prostitutes had been killed by some unidentified client, and Bloody Mary vowed  to find the guy and kill him. Walker later met with Flavia and viewed the body  of the newest victim, Rachel. Following the police officer to a meeting with a  judge (whose name had been found in Rachel's black book, which they then hid)  who all joked about the prostitute's death, Bloody Mary subsequently confronted  and brutally beat the judge, making sure to mess up his face (including knocking  out some teeth and breaking his jaw) to make it better fit his character.
(Typhoid#2) - Each of Mary's aspects posted clues they found  on a bulletin board that Walker tried to make sense of.
    Typhoid worked as a prostitute to try to attract the killer  who had become known as the West Side Ripper, befriending Flavia, Hester, and  Tulip. When Officers Claire Dodge and Dick Richards approached, the other girls  warned Typhoid about Richards being corrupt, and they all refused to answer any  questions. Typhoid further taunted Richards, and he followed her into an alley  and threatened her to pay him in cash or flesh so he wouldn't bust her or shoot  her in the mouth and let it be blamed on the Ripper. Enraged, she beat him up,  then bound several wires around his head and tied a gun into his mouth.
    Walker later had Flavia set up a trick with the john Officer "Race" Racette. Typhoid took care of business, but when he asked her to suck his  gun, she figured he was the Ripper, and she reverted to Bloody Mary, then  brutally beat and finally shot him in the head, killing him. 
(Typhoid#3) - Typhoid seduced a hotel manager to find out who  had rented the room used by Tulip. Mary later convinced a cop to tell her the  name of a recently shot police officer, Race, by pretending to want to say a  prayer for him. Bloody Mary beat up a man to force him to tell how Richards had  once hinted he may have killed a hooker and let it be blamed on the Ripper.  Reviewing her other selves' notes, Walker traveled to the police office and met  with Clair Dodge, offering to place a decoy for the Ripper. Dodge refused due to  legality issues, and upon learning Tulip had become the next victim, Bloody Mary  briefly slipped out before Walker regained control. Walker informed Dodge of  Richards' corruption before returning home. There she was met by Trent, who  shared his own psychoses with her before she was called away to watch over  Hester as she prepared to service Jack Taranova. Hester was unharmed by Jack,  but when the next "client" came in, she pounded on the wall for help but Trent  then drugged Typhoid into incapacitation; Hester was killed by her "client" (later revealed to be Jack's wife).
    Typhoid later awakened, restrained in Quince's chair, and  Quince and Trent explained how they were going to make a movie as they cured  her. When they asked her why she killed, she tricked Trent into getting close  enough for her to bite his ear, but Quince drugged her out again.
(Typhoid#4) - Quince and Trent proceeded with filming their  efforts to cure Typhoid of her violent impulses via saturation/desensitization  therapy. Though she felt she could kill them at any point, she waited for the  right moment. After reliving events of her childhood, Typhoid pretended to be  cured, then had a crisis as her various selves confronted each other in her  head, arguing with and even stabbing each other. As this occurred, her  telekinetic abilities rampaged, shattering Quince's lab. Upon reviving, she  considered shooting herself, but Trent stopped her. Telling Quince and Trent she  killed people because some people should be dead, she forced her way out  of Quince's lab and ran into Jack, whom she knew as having seen the prostitutes  who had died. Jack revealed that his wife was the real killer and showed Typhoid  film of this. Typhoid/Bloody Mary was devastated to find out that a woman was  the killer; feeling she couldn't kill women, she was highly conflicted, and  initially considered that Mrs. Taranova was actually another voice in her head.  After Mrs. Taranova revealed that she had killed four prostitutes, Typhoid  recalled that Race had killed one, and figured that Richards must have killed  the other two.
    Bloody Mary soon after confronted Richards, battering him  again. Dodge approached and Richards begged for her help, but Dodge said she  couldn't help as he had forced her to resign and she didn't have a gun. Bloody  Mary then fatally shot Richards and gave the gun to Dodge.
    Working out of an office as a private investigator, Walker  met a battered female client who wanted the man set up and sent to jail. Walker  was happy to help.
(Ultimate Super-Villains: Who do you Want me to Be) - Typhoid  Mary had a session with her psychiatrist. Later, working as a private  investigator and assisted by a Japanese man, she adopted the personality of a  meek woman in order to infiltrate a group of men running a forced prostitution  ring.
(Deadpool#6 (fb) - BTS) - Placed in room 5B of the Gutman  Institute for Mental Excellence, one of Mary's selves (Typhoid?) put out a want  ad detailing a request to free her, while another (Mary Walker) put out a  request to assassinate her.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997 (fb) - BTS) - Dr. Katz worked with  Mary, making progress at resolving two to three of her personae (Mary Walker and  Bloody Mary)
(Deadpool#6) - From within a padded cell on Long Island, Mary  worked on paper dolls, while Bloody Mary and Typhoid taunted her.
    Sometime later, Deadpool decided to pursue the want ad  (freeing the target, then perhaps having Weasel kill her if she proved too  annoying), while Bloody Mary, not trusting a man, hired the Vamp to prevent  Deadpool from succeeding in either mission. Deadpool ultimately defeated  Vamp/Animus and was met by Mary Walker who told him she was going to fade from  existence, and offered him the number to one of Typhoid's Swiss bank accounts to  kill her; when he hesitated, she grabbed his gun and tried to kill herself.  Deadpool stopped her and then broke her out, after which she reverted to Typhoid  as she revealed she had placed both want ads and sent Vamp to kill him
(Deadpool#7) - Not having any of the promised money to pay  Deadpool, Typhoid attacked him, but he outmaneuvered her. She told him the  Kingpin would pay him, but after he told her the Kingpin was MIA, she tried to  offer him some lovin' to pay off her debt. He instead decided to bring her to  the Hellhouse to have her work off her debt as mercenary, and they hijacked a  milk truck to get there after Typhoid savagely beat up the driver. At Hellhouse,  Typhoid proved her talents by subduing CF with a footstool shoved through his  face.
    After T-Ray tried to warn Deadpool about staying away from  Typhoid and that if he tried to help her he'd only end up being hurt worse  himself, Deadpool mocked T-Ray, who responded by setting his mask on fire. As  Deadpool panicked and ran, Typhoid was interested to learn he was so  self-conscious about his face being seen, but when she tried to get close to  him, he kicked her through a window. She fell to the street below, and the  action triggered the memory of being previously kicked out the window by the  young Matt Murdock/Daredevil. When Deadpool went to check on her, she announced  that they had to go to New York to destroy Daredevil.
(Daredevil I#366 - BTS) - Dr. Nina of the Gutman Institute  contacted the offices of Nelson, Murdock, and Sharpe regarding an emergency  involving Mary Walker; Sunny Sitka took the message.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997 (fb) - BTS) - Deadpool traveled to  Manhattan with Typhoid, hoping that allowing her to confront Daredevil would be  a cathartic release (and figuring Daredevil could handle himself against her),  but he was unaware of her agenda against several other men.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid want on a  killing spree in Manhattan, slaying men with a history of abusing women,  including putting a hole through Bobby's brain and giving another guy a Columbia  necktie that hung down to the kneecaps she cut off.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997 (fb) - BTS) - Typhoid murdered Dr.  Katz at his Midtown office.
(Daredevil/Deadpool 1997) - Daredevil visited the Gutman  Institute and learned of Typhoid's recent activities. Typhoid attacked and slew  the judge who had sent her to the Gutman Institute. Deadpool, meanwhile,  arranged a meeting with Daredevil (ignoring his warnings about getting involved  with Typhoid) and led him into Typhoid's trap in the dead judge's home. Typhoid  first ambushed Deadpool then kissed him, but he was furious when she told him  she had slain her former doctors and the judge. She promised not to harm any  more civilians as long as she helped him set up Daredevil, then she stabbed him  through the chest before heading out to take down the mobsters at the Viper  Club. As she slew the mobsters, Deadpool led Daredevil to the club, taking out  their high-tech armored agents. As Daredevil approached Typhoid, she stunned him  with the club's sound system. She kicked him, announcing that Mary was dead,  then attacked with her sword, and then Deadpool ambushed Daredevil, stunning him  again so that Typhoid could batter him further. She then revealed that she was  the woman he had kicked out the window years before. Expected this to crush  Daredevil, she was surprised when he refused to take responsibility for her  criminal career, and he took advantage of her confusion to subdue her. As he  accused her of retreating into insanity when things got too tough and embracing  the darkness, she curled up on the ground and asked Deadpool to kill him.  Deadpool instead revealed that this was what he was hoping for, some practical  therapy for Typhoid. He took Typhoid, promising to do right by her and hoping he  could resist her temptations and bring them both closer to the light.
(Deadpool#8 (fb) - BTS) - Deadpool kept Typhoid handcuffed in  a rarely used warehouse in Queens, New York.
(Deadpool#8) - Deadpool checked in on Typhoid, trying to  explain how he had been trying to help her come to terms with who she was, and  he was surprised when she planted a big kiss on him. After he took off her  handcuffs, she noted that his efforts had been heroic and noted that she wanted  to show him who he really was, just like he had done for her. Suddenly snapping  his wrist, she told him of her plans to kill someone in the city every 20  minutes unless he stopped her, and she departed before he could react. As he  happened upon people she had brutally slain, he resolved to take her down.  Meanwhile, Landau, Luckman, & Lake's Monty told Zoe Culloden that any  interaction with Typhoid would result in a setback for Deadpool with regards to  their grooming him as the Mithras.
    Deadpool eventually caught up to Typhoid before she could  slay a priest, but she continued to torment him, distracting him to save one man  in a gathered crowd while she slew another. She mocked him for not being enough  of a hero to save both men, which had the desired effect, as he pulled out his  gun and shot at her, catching her in the calf as she tried to dodge. As he told  her he was trying to help her, she continued to goad him, telling him he was a  crazy killer and mocking him by calling him "hero" as he beat her ever more  savagely. Before finally collapsing, she told him that this was his true self  and that he should stop trying to live a lie. Noting how horrified the crowd was  by the beating he had just delivered, Deadpool told someone to call help and  wandered off.
(Deadpool#10) - Having recovered from her beating at  Deadpool's hands, Typhoid arrived at Hellhouse to confront Deadpool anew. He was  away, and she instead met Zoe Culloden, who had come there to excise Typhoid  from Deadpool's life.
(Deadpool#12) - Typhoid asked Patch if he had heard anything  from Deadpool, and he hadn't, but he did offer to teach her a few new tricks,  which she declined, telling him his heart couldn't handle it. She then wandered  off into the shadows, knowing that Zoe was following her, then made herself  invisible to Zoe. As Culloden panicked and teleported away, Typhoid lifted Zoe's  handheld computer, which revealed Deadpool's interest in Siryn.
    When Deadpool got drunk and extremely depressed in a  cornfield in Iowa after being rejected by Siryn, Typhoid took Siryn's form, told  him she loved him, and kissed him.
(Deadpool#13) - Deadpool awakened alongside "Siryn," feeling  good about himself and vowing to prove himself worthy of her, but then she  awakened, insulted him, and turned off her image inducer, revealing herself to  be Typhoid. The devastated Deadpool asked why she had done this, and she licked  his face, telling him "because I could." She then left him.
(Deadpool#14) - Typhoid approached T-Ray, each noting and  respecting the damage the other had done to Deadpool. After T-Ray noted that  when Deadpool recovered, they'd crush him anew, and Typhoid departed for more of  the usual: chaos, trouble, toying with silly boys...
(Deadpool#38 (fb) - BTS) - Mary Walker became a stage actress  again, playing Linda Loman in "Death of a Saleman" in a Soho theatre.
(Deadpool#38) - Seeking some sort of resolution to his  problems (including a curse by Loki that made him look like actor Thom Cruz),  Deadpool went to see Mary act, but the crowd went crazy upon realizing "Thom  Cruz" was among them, and Deadpool left without talking to Mary, not wanting to  perhaps push her into another of her personae.
(Deadpool#61) - After Deadpool was seemingly killed by  Sabretooth, Typhoid was among the many attendees of his funeral. She spent some  time talking to the Juggernaut, and then participated in the fight that  Deadpool's spirit precipitated by possessing Poolboy and making him pinch  Marko's butt.
    This was one of the "Nuff Said" issues, which had no  dialogue.
(Deadline#2) - Typhoid was present at one of New York's Bar  with No Names when Kat Farrell came seeking information on Judge Hart.
(Daredevil II#46) - Via hypnosis, Mary's persona took sole  control, and she became a stage actress.
(Daredevil II#46) - Mary was working as a stage actress when  the Kingpin, posing as a reporter from Soap Opera Digest arranged an interview.  Mary wondered if they met before, but the Kingpin, having researched that a  shock to the system can break the effects of hypnosis used to manage  dissociative identity disorder, smacked her to the ground. The effects were as  expected, and the Kingpin was happy to greet Typhoid anew.
(Daredevil II#47) - Typhoid confronted Sano Orii and a group of  Yakuza preparing to execute Samuel, an agent of the Owl (and a former Kingpin  agent), slaughtering all Yakuza present except Sano. The Kingpin arrived soon  after and sent both Sano and Samuel away to spread the word that he was back.
(Daredevil II#46 / Daredevil II#47) - Typhoid confronted and  set  Matt Murdock on fire on the streets alongside his then-girlfriend, Milla  Donovan .
(Daredevil II#48) - As Murdock struggled to put himself out,  one of his bodyguards, Jessica Jones, tackled and fought Typhoid. Taking a few  punches, Typhoid taunted Jess, then set her on fire and went after Murdock  again. He dodged her flame blast, but when Jess came at her again, Typhoid  slashed her with her sword. Typhoid tried to finish Jess off, but Cage grabbed  her, shattered her sword, and then punched her to Jess. A series of punches from  Cage, Jess, and finally Murdock eventually dropped her.
(Daredevil II#48 - BTS) - FBI agents took Typhoid into custody  and doped her heavily with tranquilizers.
(Weapon X II#26) - Typhoid was present at the Satan's Circus  bar, playing poker alongside Constrictor, Absorbing Man, and Sabretooth. She  couldn't make up her mind about who turned her on...Daredevil, Thor, Nick Fury,  Daredevil...When she taunted Sabretooth about being under Weapon X's control, he  threatened her, but the management calmed things back down.
(Weapon X II#28) - Typhoid again played cards at Satan's  Circus, alongside Constrictor, Absorbing Man, Sabretooth, and Scalphunter.
 
