About St. Regis
A Living Legacy
St. Regis Hotels & Resorts offers its elite clientele an experience beyond expectation. For modern connoisseurs who desire the finest expressions of service, each moment spent within our walls reveals bespoke attention to every desire. Our rich heritage, dating back more than 100 years to the grand opening of The St. Regis® New York by the esteemed Astor family, is evoked throughout every hotel – from our century-old butler service to the tradition of fresh flowers established by “The” Mrs. Astor. Yet no tradition is as vigilantly honored as the Astor family’s desire to treat guests of the hotel as though they were personal guests in the Astor’s own home. The St. Regis staff is committed to delivering this promise in every moment of every stay.
Beyond Expectation
As exemplars of elegance and refinement, St. Regis hotels and resorts are uncompromising in their pursuit of excellence. Every stay is commissioned to meet guests’ highest standards and refined to express the subtlety of their unique tastes. Through St. Regis Aficionado(SM), guests of the hotel are invited to indulge their passions with exclusive privileges such as a private tour of the Sistine Chapel, the opportunity to sample a rare vertical selection of Chateau Petrus, or a back country ski trip with a personal chef and sommelier.
St. Regis Seduction Around the World
Today St. Regis hotels and resorts can be found across the globe. London, New York, Singapore, Bali – each is an entrance into a captivating world of seduction and a unique expression of its location. The standard of opulence and sophistication established by the original St. Regis is honored in every address, but has evolved to include five distinct design interpretations: Metropolitan Manor, Glass House, Hemispheres, Journey’s End and Paradise Found. In each, the essence of the brand and its rich traditions is brought to life through signature features such as grand staircases, glittering chandeliers, handsome libraries, vast wine vaults, iconic murals and bronze façades.
An Ensemble of Captivating Experiences
These beautiful settings and flawless services are just a few of the ways St. Regis delights and enthralls its guests. Our hotels and resorts are settings for magical moments – whether it is enjoying a Bloody Mary in the legendary King Cole Bar and Lounge® where it was originally created, or being received at the airport by one of the hotel’s luxurious limousines.
St. Regis hotels and resorts provide an exclusive entrée to a refuge of timeless elegance, discerning taste, and uncompromising care and courtesy that simply cannot be found elsewhere. Past and future, rare and refined, there is no address like St. Regis
Make a reservation at St. Regis
To find out rates and reserve your stay at St. Regis Hotels & Resorts, please visit our
Reservations page or call 1-877-STREGIS.
Contact St. Regis Hotels & Resorts Corporate Headquarters
St. Regis Hotels & Resorts
