Health Home > Eat Health >
Why do they call a bloody mary a bloody mary
Question in topics Food Drink .We found some answers as below for this question "Why do they call a bloody mary a bloody mary",you can compare them.
Fernand Petiot invented the Bloody Mary but, Roy Barton, an American entertainer, provided the name, saying it reminded him of a Chicago Club, the Bucket of Blood. ChaCha! ( Source: http://www.chacha.com/question/why-do-they-call-a-bloody-mary-a-bloody-mary )
More Answers to "Why do they call a bloody mary a bloody mary"
Why do they call it a Bloody Mary?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080611124906AAeP3al
and then drink it. There's something macabre about that.   Why not call it a supercharged V8?
How to call bloody mary?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080925214606AAn4x9Y
The most common story told is that Mary Worth was a witch that lived over 100 years ago who dabbled in the black arts. She was found out and executed. However this does not tie in with a child or baby which is often mentioned in the ritual ...
Why was Mary I called Bloody Mary?
http://www.geocities.com/SoHo/Studios/1344/henryfaq.html
Mary I was given this nickname because of the execution of Protestants during her reign -- though ironically, only 287 Protestants were put to death during her rule, while 57,000 Catholics and Protestants were executed during Henry's time! ...
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
before bloody mary died, was she evil and cruel? and why do they call her bloody mary????!!!!?
Q:
A: cuz she killed hundreds of protestants.yes she was cruel and evil. she was the catholic queen of england (right b4 elizabeth the first) and England was becoming protestant and she did not want that. and niether did her husband (phillip II King of Spain). so they were like "lets kill the protestants" and she did. alot.and thats how the song came about.she was catholic but her nation was protestant - quite contrary.
before bloody mary died, was she evil and cruel? and why do they call here bloody mary????!!!!?
Q:
A: Queen Mary I of England (reigned 1553 – 1558) is called Bloody Mary because of her persecution of Protestants. The Protestant Reformation, started fitfully in England by King Henry VIII, became established policy under the brief reign of Edward VI. Mary, like her mother Catherine of Aragon, whom Henry VIII had spurned, was a devout Roman Catholic. She contracted an unpopular marriage to the equally devout Philip II of Spain. The pair, with the assistance of conservative churchmen such as Edward "Bloody" Bonner and Stephen Gardiner, sought to reimpose Roman Catholicism upon the religiously divided country.During her brief reign of just over five years, Mary had 283 people burnt at the stake for heresy. Her persecutions were notable also for the prominence of their victims; the first person to die was the Protestant John Rogers, who had completed and published Tyndale's work as Matthew's Bible. While heresy trials and executions occurred both before and after her reign, she executed more than twice as many as had been executed for this crime over the preceding century and a half.Mary's half-sister Elizabeth succeeded her. In contrast to Mary's violent epithet, Elizabeth was commonly known as "Good Queen Bess,". However, on one occasion, Elizabeth had about eight hundred Catholics executed for restoring the Mass in a few towns. This has prompted some historians to suggest that a more fitting name for Elizabeth would be "Bloody Bess."[1] Indeed, Irish Catholics reversed the epithets, calling Mary "Good Queen Mary," and Elizabeth "Bloody Bess."[2]
How do you call Bloody Mary?
Q: How do you call Bloody Mary? I have seen many different types of ways, what is the most popular way to call Bloody Mary? Also, did you ever attempt it? And if you did, what happened? If you didn't, do you believe in her?
A: It is said that call Bloody Mary 3 times in front of a mirror and she will appear right behind you and then kill you.
