August 29th, 2011 | 34 Comments
A long time ago there was a little girl named Mary. She grew very ill and fell into a deep coma. The local doctor was old and feeble and without knowing any better, he believed she was dead. He informed the family and they had a funeral and laid the girl to rest. No one realized that they had buried the poor girl alive!
Mary’s family lived very close to the graveyard where she was laid to rest. The first night, Mary’s mother thought that she heard a scream coming from Mary’s grave, but no one believed her.
Days later, Mary’s mother convinced the family to dig up her grave. When they did, they found Mary dead, but they also saw scratches on the top of the coffin and Mary’s fingernails were bloody from her efforts to escape the grave.
Now if you follow these instructions, you may be able to see Mary for yourself. At midnight on Friday the 13th, turn off all the lights in your house. Go to the bathroom and turn on the water in the shower and the sink. Flush the toilet, look into the mirror and say “Bloody Mary” 5 times. She will appear in mirror. You need to hurry and turn on the light or she will stab you in the back.
Another Version
Just watched this week’s "Ghost Whisperer" which features the Urban Legend of Bloody Mary. Their version of the tale goes like this…
A towns local Dr. and his wife had an only child, a daughter named Mary. As a teen, Mary came down with Diphtheria, which was incurable at the time. The Dr. pronounced his child dead and felt they needed to bury her right away. They buried the girl in a wooden coffin and tied a string to her wrist, threading it up through the ground and tying the other end of a bell which they hung on a hook above the grave.
If she was wrongfully pronounced dead, she would wake up and ring the bell and they could dig up the grave. The girl’s mother would not leave the grave and her husband feared she would die of exposure if she didn’t come inside. He gave her an injection of morphine and brought her into the house. The next morning when the father visited the grave of his daughter, he noticed that the bell had been rung "off the hook" and was now laying on the ground.
He immediately began to dig, but his efforts were too late. Mary was dead by the time they got to her, but when she had woken in the night, she had scratched and clawed at the top of the coffin. Her hands were all bloody and her nails were stuck in the wood of the coffin.
The way to call her, according to their version, is to stand alone in the dark in front of a mirror and say her name 3 times, turning around in place after each time. After the third time you will see her behind you in the mirror and she will scare you to death.
Kay bronx NY
