My Friend's Bloody Mary Tale
My friend e-mailed me the coolest Bloody Mary experience yet .  My friend shall remain nameless, though her story won’t   : )  Apparently, when she was about eight, she went to sleep away camp up in the Pacific Northwest on an Island called Anacortes, about thirty miles from Seattle.  She said that everyone was assigned to a cabin, and this is the way she described them: “they were these dingy, dirty, disgusting cabins that looked like no one had cleaned in a century.  It smelled like mold and there were spiders in the beds.  I wanted to run home as soon as I entered, but my parents would have killed me.  I decided in that moment that I would get a case of “food poisoning” the next day.” She knew the other girls felt the same way and she said it bonded them in some weird “Traveling Pants” kind of way.  Anyway, on to the good stuff.  So, she and her new bunk mates all went to the bathroom a few buildings down, to get ready for bed.  This is what she wrote, “there were six of us and we were all giggling and running in the dark, the only way we could see anything was from a small flashlight one of the girls brought.  We finally made it to the bathroom though the girls were really starting to freak each other out.  The bathroom wasn’t much better than our cabin and this girl Jessica came up with the idea to play Bloody Mary.  I was the first to agree and the other four girls didn’t want to be labeled as the “scaredy cats” so they nodded their heads that they were in. Jessica turned off the lights and switched off the flashlight so the only light coming in to the bathroom was from the lights of near-by cabins.  This is when Jessica completely chickened out and turned to me saying I should do it.  I, personally, wasn’t scared at all, so I smiled and went straight to the mirror.  The girls huddled behind me.  I looked in the mirror and said, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary.  We waited.  Nothing.  I was about to laugh the whole thing off when for no reason the mirror cracked right in front of our eyes!  The girls screamed and ran out as fast as they could, but I was frozen.  I was actually scared for the first time in my life.  I felt like my legs were paralyzed, and I couldn’t stop staring at the crack in the mirror, as if it was always there and we just now noticed it.  I tried to slow my breathing down when for a flash of a second I saw something move in the mirror as if someone was standing right behind me.  My legs unfroze and I ran.  I ran in the dark, tripping, falling, scraping my knees, anything to get back to my cabin which now seemed like a haven of safety.  By the next morning, we were all laughing and talking as if we had just defeated a giant.  But I still get freaked out whenever I think about that mirror cracking.  Creepy.” Pretty cool.  My story is kind of similar, so that’s why I think this one freaked me out so much.  What’s weird is I’ve known this girl for ten years and we have never talked about our Bloody Mary experiences until now, and they probably happened within a year of each other.  It makes me wonder how many people have stories like these that they just never talk about.  I promise I’ll tell you my story soon, of course, all this build-up, no one will care, but I’m just not ready to say it yet.  Something to look forward to      : )    But please, if you have your own story, send it to me right away!
