Saturday, February 11th, 2012      at       6:56 am  
Bloody Mary Mix
Bloody Mary Mix is a cocktail drink made with tomato juice and other spices and mixed with an alcoholic drink. There are many variations of the Bloody Mary Mix and it is one of the most popular drink mixes. You can find it in almost any bar or restaurant.
Bloody Mary Mix, how did it start?
The origins of the Bloody Mary Mix are unclear, a man named Fernand Petiot claimed to have invented the drink in 1921. Also an actor George Jessel created the drink around 1939. The first drinks were made with vodka and tomato juice.
What are the Bloody Mary Mix brands. Today the most popular mixer is Major Peters, Jack & Bernies seems to be a popular one also. Many of them contain hot sauce to spice up the drink. Its just whatever your preference on hot hot or mild you like it.
What alcoholic beverage is the Bloody Mary Mix made with? Now a days you can mix it with almost anything, some ingredients include beer, sherry, tequila, Irish whiskey,  gin, dark rum, scotch, whiskey, there is even a Virgin Bloody Mary Mix which contains no alcohol.
What else can we do with Bloody Mary Mix? Here are ten things you can do with it:
Dips
Give your shrimp cocktail a kick – Saute some garlic or shallots in olive oil. Thicken some Bloody Mary mix with crushed tomatoes or tomato sauce and add to the pan. Simmer for a minute or two, and cool to room temperature before serving, with shrimp of course.
Twist up a classic dip by combining 1/2 cup Bloody Mary mix with 1/3 cup mayonnaise, 24 ounces of softened cream cheese and a handful of chives. Serve with celery sticks.
Turn it into a tapas-style dip – Place a couple ounces of goat cheese in an oven-safe dish, cover with Bloody Mary mix and bake at 400 for about 20 minutes. Serve with grilled breadSoups
Make a quick and spicy gazpacho – Blend Bloody Mary mix with a piece of stale bread, a little olive oil and whatever vegetables you have on hand: celery, shredded carrots, peppers, a little garlic. Serve chilled.
Spice up tomato soup – Saute some onion in olive oil, add diced tomatoes, Bloody Mary mix and some chicken or vegetable stock. Simmer for a few minutes, blend and serve. Finish with some fresh lemon and herbs.
For a creamier tomato soup, mix in a little heavy cream before serving.
Salad
Whisk a little Bloody Mary mix with olive oil to make a quick salad dressing. Add it to some chopped celery, cucumber, bell peppers and red onion. Mix in some chopped green olives or crumbled blue cheese.
Grill It
Marinate skewered bites of chicken, steak or shrimp in Bloody Mary mix before grilling. Serve with the shrimp cocktail dip.
Similarly, marinate skewers of mushrooms, peppers and onions in the mix, grill and serve with sauce and warmed tortillas.
Save It
If you prefer to simply drink your Bloody Mary Mix (and who could blame you), save extra mix by pouring it into ice cube trays and freezing. Use the cubes to make an Inside Out Bloody Mary that eliminates the need for extra ice and prevents watered down drinks. Genius!
