4.1 NOTES
What is it?
A Bloody Mary is a drink made from vodka and tomato juice, and often contains Tabasco sauce or other spices.  The term "Bloody" refers to the bright red color of the drink.  The term " Mary " may refer to a specific person named Mary -- one legend says that a man suggested the name because the drink made him think of a club named the "Bucket of Blood" and of a girl who went there named Mary . [1] The name of the drink may also refer to the legend of Bloody Mary.  The Bloody Mary was called Red Snapper in New York during the 1930s, but the name did not catch on. [1]
Bloody Mary is also a game played by children in which they enter a dark room with a mirror, say "Bloody Mary" a certain number of times and expect to see an apparition of a woman named Bloody Mary. [1] Horrible consequences, including madness and physical dismemberment are often promised for participating in this game. [1]
Who was she?
There are several possible origins of the legend of Bloody Mary.  This is probably a 20th century myth, and can be traced back to approximately the 1970s in the United States. [1]
Bloody Mary may refer to Mary I, Queen of England, who was known as "Bloody Mary" because of the large number of people she had burned at the stake for heresy during her short reign. [1] These executions were an attempt to reestablish Catholicism as the dominant religion of England after her father and predecessor Henry VIII had created the shift to Anglicanism. [1]
Bloody Mary may refer to a woman named Mary Worth who was hanged at the Salem Witch Trials. [1]
Bloody Mary may refer to a legendary witch who lived in Pennsylvania and abducted young girls.  The story says that she used magic to lure them to her cottage and then used their blood to maintain her youth.  She was burned to death by the locals. [1] The idea of a woman bathing in the blood of young girls for the sake of her own youth may be related to the story of a Medieval Hungarian countess named Elizabeth Bathory who was said to do this. [1]
Bloody Mary may refer to a car crash victim named Mary Worth whose face was horribly mutilated during the crash. [1]
History of the Drink
The invention of the Bloody Mary is attributed to Fernand Petiot , a French bartender who is said to have invented the drink in the 1920s.  It may also have been invented by an American, George Jessel .  It is also possible that one of these men first thought of combining vodka and tomato juice, and the other added the Tabasco sauce, lemon and vegetable garnish that makes it the drink it is today.  One story says that the ingredients were combined while the men searched for a hangover remedy.  The sauces were added to the vodka to alleviate the smell. [1]
Other Names
