By Mike Johnson
No one can really say where or when the legend of Bloody Mary first appeared, but so-called Bloody Mary true stories have been around in one form or another for decades. These stories exist in several versions within many communities, but whom or what is Bloody Mary?
History of Bloody Mary True Stories
The story of Bloody Mary has a number of confusing elements to it. The overall form of the story is usually the same, but the actual name often varies a bit and many people often confuse the myth and legend with real history.
Queen Mary I of England
Mary was the daughter of Henry the VIII and his first wife, Catherine of Aragon. Mary may have only ruled as Queen for a little over 5 years, but it was a very bloody rule, as she often burned and beheaded a great number of people for heresy. The Bloody Mary now known as a children's game has no discernible correlation with this Queen of England.
Henry denounced his wife Catherine, and as such their marriage was nullified. This nullification meant that Mary was considered illegitimate and could not assume the thrown. She was reinstated by the time Henry died because her half-brother, Edward, was too weak to rule. When she took the thrown, she brought with her an intense hatred of the Protestant religion, and took steps to reinstate Roman Catholicism by killing off those that spoke out against Roman Catholicism, citing heresy. This unrelenting death toll earned her the nickname of "Bloody Mary".
Bloody Mary the Mirror Witch
Many people view a mirror as a very frightening thing. Horror movies often use them to scare audiences, and people generally view them as a way to view deep into one's own soul. There are two key versions of the story of Bloody Mary:
The most common variation is that Mary Worth was a witch that lived over 100 years ago and was into the dark arts. The witch was subsequently found and executed.
A newer variation is that Mary was a local who was severely disfigured and killed a few years ago in the town where you live or one close by.
Mary is known by several names including Mary Worth and Mary Worthington. The way you summon her is typically the same among all of the Bloody Mary true stories. An individual enters a room with a mirror, turns out the lights and closes their eyes. While staring toward the mirror you say her name three times then open your eyes. In the mirror, the disfigured image of Bloody Mary is supposed to appear, and what happens next varies.
In some forms of this story other elements have entered into it, such as Queen Mary's inability to give birth as well as Elizabeth Bathory's bathing in virgin blood to stay young. Neither addition to the story has much merit.
Bloody Mary Experiences Online
You will always find someone that has had an experience involving Bloody Mary. The stories can be rather frightening, and even sometimes enlightening. Real or imagined, those who tell the story are convinced their expreinces truly happened. The following Internet sites contain a collection of true Bloody Mary stories:
Halloween Website has a collection of true stories about Bloody Mary experiences as posted by visitors of the site. Many of the stories contain similar elements, but some also offer a new take on the legend of Bloody Mary.
Many people are aware of the television show Unsolved Mysteries. There is a website by the same name with a Bloody Mary story that the site claims is 100% real. Read the story, decide for yourself and post a comment.
Wintersteel's Bloody Mary page includes some history on the urban legend as well as some genuine firsthand accounts about people's experiences with Bloody Mary. There are 8 pages of collected stories and you can also submit your own.
If you have a Bloody Mary story to tell, or want to read the accounts of others then Your Ghost Stories is a good place to start.
This account of Bloody Mary, from Castle of Spirits , is a rather scary one. It combines a traditional account of Bloody Mary along with a full body appearance of her spirit.
If you want to read true stories about Bloody Mary, as well as several variations on the legend and its presumed origins (including one from Japan), then read up on Bloody Mary via the Scary for Kids site.
The History Channel produces a show titled Haunted History. Their website includes a great message board where you can swap stories with others. There is a section for Bloody Mary enthusiasts, where you can read true stories, comment and debate on them.
Do you have a true story about Bloody Mary that you'd like to share? Just post it in the comments box at the bottom of this page.
Related Topics
