By catbonesmusic Single Review
SILVERSUN PICKUPS – BLOODY MARY (NERVE ENDINGS) – SINGLE REVIEW
Silversun Pickups are a band that have made quite a name for themselves overseas in the USA, which is where they are from. Their previous efforts, Carnavas (2006) and Swoon (2009) both peaked quite high on billboard charts in America, but didn’t receive much attention here in the UK. The band can only be described as Alternative rock, with a hint of dark pop/indie, something they mastered by the time they created Swoon (a fantastic album in my eyes). When a band has had two success stories in the past, there is always the fear that they will begin to chase the mighty dollar. Have the Pickups taken this route?
With new album Neck of the Woods set to be released a week today (07/06), the band released lead single, “Bloody Mary (Nerve Endings)” in late March to a mixed response from fans, and, I must say, on first listen, it confused me a little. The song opens with a very synth-y poptastic intro that repeats for about a minute before dying down to clean guitar and simple lyrics. The intro alone put me a off a little, by the time it did reach the verse, I had just about had enough of the high pitch synth repetitiveness. This threw an instant shroud on the song for me.
My initial thoughts were, “Goodbye Pickups. Another great band that got greedy for the money”, however, by the time the track reached the pre-chorus/chorus, the dark Pickups sound kicks back in and the song instantly reminds me why I liked them in the first place. A combination of great lyrics, a driving rhythm section and the flowing bond between the guitar and synth make for a great chorus, really filling out what were the makings of a typical, pop rock/indie track.
The song punches in at 5:11, which may seem a little long for a lead single from a rock band, but song lengths such as that are common in this alt rock/shoegaze kind of track and are therefore acceptable. However, the song in its entirety is slightly repetitive so a song length such as this, may be a bit much. Maybe, just slightly…
It would be unfair to say that the Silversun Pickups have “sold out”, as they have still got everything in this track that makes the band great. Maybe this is just a case of experimentation, which a lot of bands tend to do after a couple of albums. It is good to see that they aren’t just sticking to the usual formula and are putting their necks on the line in an attempt to reach a wider audience. I still have high hopes for “Neck of the Woods” and will be giving a full album review within the first few days of release.
3.5/5
For fans of: My Bloody Valentine, Smashing Pumpkins
Share this:
