Where did the strange expression "hair of the dog" come from? The Hot Word | Hot & Trending Words Daily Blog at Dictionary.com http://hotword.dictionary.com/hair-of-the-dog/ Share
If you woke up on New Year’s Day feeling as if you had been hit by a truck, you may have sought a hangover remedy with an infamously odd name: the hair of the dog . 
A morning drink may be the last thing you want after a night of boozing . But that’s exactly what this quirky English expression means. Originally, the expression referred to a method of treating a rabid dog bite; hair from the dog was placed in the wound.
 (By the way, medical professionals do not prescribe alcoholic drinks to treat the symptoms of a hangover. However, they do encourage drinking water and getting rest.)
Many suffering from the morning-after blues, indulge in a Bloody Mary as a hangover cure. This savory cocktail contains vodka, tomato juice, and other flavorings such as horseradish, celery salt, lemon juice, and Tabasco sauce .
There are as many versions of the Bloody Mary as there are theories regarding who the drink is named after, with beliefs ranging from the Queen Mary I , to the actress Mary Pickford , to a waitress in Chicago who worked at a bar called the Bucket of Blood.
One cure for the hangover with a 100% success rate is to drink soda instead of alcohol. What is “soft” about soft drinks ? And is there sodium in soda ? Find out here .
The improbable achievement of Mitt Romney.(News)
Daily Herald (Arlington Heights, IL) January 13, 2012 It is commonly argued that Mitt Romney has benefited from a weak Republican field, which is true. And that the attacks of his opponents have been late and diffuse. True, and true.
But the political accomplishment of Willard Mitt Romney should not be underestimated. The moderate, technocratic former governor of a liberal state is poised to secure the nomination of the most monolithically conservative Republican Party of modern history.
Some of this improbable achievement can be attributed to Romney’s skills as a candidate. In 14 debates, he delivered one gaffe (the $10,000 bet) and once lost his temper (with Rick Perry) — neither lapse particularly damaging. The slickest network anchor could not have done better.
Romney is the varsity — a far better candidate than, say, Bob Dole or John McCain. A Republican nominating process that swerved again and again toward silliness — alternately elevating for consideration Donald Trump, Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain — seems ready to settle on a serious, accomplished, credible candidate. Republicans, it turns out, are choleric and fractious — but not suicidal. site mitt romney news
The nominating process has also revealed Romney’s limitations. It would be awkward for anyone this stiff to pose as a working-class stiff, and Romney should not try. But if he gains the nomination, Romney’s rival in connecting with average voters will not be Bill Clinton. It will be professor Barack Obama. Again, Romney benefits from the luck of the draw.
Romney has paired his skills with a sophisticated political strategy. His campaign team learned something from the failures of four years ago. Last time, Romney flooded the early states with money and personal attention. In Iowa, his limited return on investment made him a political punch line. This time, Romney rationed both his money and his presence — lowering expectations and generating genuine enthusiasm when he finally arrived to campaign. When a late political opportunity presented itself — in the form of a persistently divided Republican field — the Romney campaign skillfully ramped up for a narrow win. Adding a victory in New Hampshire is an achievement that Ronald Reagan never managed as a challenger. mittromneynewsnow.net mitt romney news
Ideology has always been Romney’s main vulnerability. Running and winning in Massachusetts before running twice for the presidential nomination is a process best described by biologists — a story of adaptation and evolution.
Other candidates have naturally carried more vivid ideological messages. I come down on the empowerment side of the divide. But maybe, at this moment, the Republican Party doesn’t need a clear decision on its identity (which might not be possible anyway). Romney has this advantage: In supporting him, no Republican is called upon to surrender his or her deepest ideological convictions. Romney is temperamentally conservative but not particularly ideological. He seems to view the cultural and philosophic debates that drive others as distractions from the real task of governing — making systems work.
His competitors have attempted to portray Romney’s ideological inconsistency over time as a character failure. It hasn’t worked, mainly because Romney is a man of exemplary character — deeply loyal to his faith, his family and his country. In political matters, he is empirical and pragmatic. He studies problems, assesses risks, calculates likely outcomes. Those expecting Romney to be a philosophic leader will be disappointed. He is a management consultant, and a good one.
Has the moment of the management consultant arrived in American politics? In our desperate drought of public competence, Romney has a strong case to make.
