"I was never the girl who thought I need to make sure I look like all the other girls. I think you look best when you stand out."
Full name: Selena Marie Gomez
DOB: July 22, 1992
Place of birth: Grand Prairie, Texas, USA
Occupation: Actress, Singer
Selena Gomez facts
Selena is a Disney product who is hot. She's 18 now, we can say that.
She's also the lead singer of a band that has had both of its albums sell over half a million copies.
She has a rather good mix of Mexican, American and Italian genes.
She is way too close to Justin Bieber for anyone's good.
14 photos of Selena Gomez
See all her photos
Why we love Selena Gomez
America has got a bit of a habit of churning out hot new talent – well what would you expect from a country the size of the whole of Europe (just about) and with a population of 309 million people? Yeah, we did our research. It doesn’t happen often, so make the most of our professionalism. Anyway, another one of those to come from the United States is Miss Selena Gomez.
According to a semi-reliable source what Selena Gomez is known best for is her role as Alex Russo in Wizards of Waverly Place on the Disney Channel. Now, FHM has got to be honest, it’s never even heard of Waverly Place and doesn’t believe in wizards, so that’s not how she is best known to us. And this is our section; it’s why we love her, not why anyone else might know her. So we’re doing it our way, and we say she is best known for being adorably hot.
”But how did Selena Gomez become famous?” We hear you ask. Well, it was all down to that big purple dinosaur. Yup, Selena Gomez started out as one of the kids on Barney & Friends. Then she moved in to films with a role in a Spy Kids film. Basically Disney just kept on propelling her through kids movies, until she finally turned 18 and landed a lead role in Monte Carlo alongside Leighton Meester and Katie Cassidy. This was good news, because she’s been going around looking great promoting the film ever since. Being a Disney kid, she can obviously sing, but she’s even got her own successful band. And by own, we mean it’s called Selena Gomez and the Scene.
Elsewhere on the internet...
