
SelenaGomez.Bz | Selena Gomez Fansite | Pictures, News and More |
Welcome to SelenaGomez.bz, your ultimate fan source for Selena Gómez. We are here to offer you all the latest news, images and media on Selena Gómez. Be sure to check out our site growing network gallery that has over 10.000 photos. Thanks for coming and please be sure to return daily for all the latest on Selena!
Selena To Star In Action Flick With Ethan Hawke
Posted at Apr 14 by Yahya in Uncategorized
Selena Gomez is done being a “Spring Breaker” and now she’s getting ready to film her next movie. In an online video Q&A with her fans, she opened up about her edgier movie roles, including her next film with Ethan Hawke.
“I’m doing another movie called ‘The Getaway’ with Ethan Hawke. It’s really, really exciting,” she shared. “I go to Bulgaria and then I start filming. It’s more of an action movie, which is also different. So we’re doing that and then hopefully another movie, but that hasn’t really been confirmed yet. Then I’ll start working on my fourth album, which will be the best album I’ll ever do! But I’m just kind of halting music for a bit.”
She added that she’s “been really focused on more acting. For me it’s been fun to take risks and do things that are completely different. To be honest maybe some of you guys might not be comfortable with it. … I’m still the same person. Things that challenge me really excite me.”
That focus includes the forthcoming Eli Roth thriller, “Aftershock,” and the aforementioned “Spring Breakers.” Gomez had only praise for that film’s director, Harmony Korine (“Kids”). “He is such a brilliant director; he is so smart. He gave us direction but half the time he let us do our thing,” she said. “He gave me this freedom, but he allowed me to prove myself. He’s so great.”
In addition to all the big-screen business, the actress and singer will also get the small-screen treatment on “Glee.” According to E! News, in the prom episode, shot last week, Lea Michele reportedly sings Selena’s track “Love You Like a Love Song.” According to sources, the powerhouse vocalist put out “a really powerful performance” of Gomez’s song.
