Profile
Actress. Born Selena Marie Gomez on July 22, 1992, to Amanda Cornett and Ricardo Gomez in Grand Prairie, Texas. Her mother, commonly known as Mandy, gave birth to Gomez at the age of 16.
Selena began her career in show business in 2001 when she performed on the popular children's show Barney & Friends, as Gianna. Gomez was dropped from the series after two years in 2003. Over the next two years, Gomez auditioned for shows without much success. She landed a small role in the movie Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over in 2003 and a bit part as Julie on Walker, Texas Ranger: Trial by Fire in 2005. She also got a part as Emily Grace Garcia in the television show Brain Zapped in 2006, and even recorded a song for the show.
In 2006, Selena Gomez got her first major role when she guest starred as Gwen in The Suite Life of Zack and Cody on the Disney Channel. Also on the Disney Channel, Gomez played the role as the evil Mikayla in Hannah Montana.
Gomez landed her first starring role when the Disney Channel cast her as Alex Russo in the series Wizards of Waverly Place in 2007. The series has become a popular fixture on the channel.
In 2008, Selena Gomez made her first animated movie, Horton Hears a Who!, and later starred in the ABC Family movie Another Cinderella Story with Disney Channel star Andrew Seeley. Selena filmed two movies for the Disney Channel Original Movie franchise as well. The first was Princess Protection Program, which was released in 2009 and also starred Demi Lovato . She also starred in Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie later in 2009.
Gomez also has a growing music career. She started in 2008 when she recorded a cover of "Cruella de Vil" for DisneyMania 6. She also recorded three songs for the soundtrack to her movie Another Cinderella Story, and a song for the animated movie, Tinker Bell. Gomez recorded the single "One and the Same" for her movie Princess Protection Program as a duet with her friend and co-star Demi Lovato. She also recorded four songs for the soundtrack to her other feature film, The Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie. In 2008, Selena singed a record contract with Hollywood Records. She is currently working on her debut album, Kiss and Tell, which will be released in the fall of 2009. Gomez had a cameo in the Jonas Brothers' video for the single, "Burnin Up."
1
