RELATED POSTS
SPOTTED: 3 Stars, 3 Awesome Styles
They love us! They really do! Three of Hollywood's hottest gals were spotted wearing these trendy apparel and accessories you can find at Singer22.com!   Mad Men actress January Jones was spotted wearing two of our favorite trends: high-waist denim and plaid blouses! She loves her J Brand Bette 70s Jeans in Wonderama, and you can complete the looks with a red plaid blouse like the Rails Kendra Original Plaid Button Down Shirt.   Nicole Richie loves promoting her line... and we do too! While leaving the gym, Mrs. Richie-Madden wore her very own House of Harlow 1960 Chelsea Cat Eye Sunglasses. She paired it with an all-black gym ensemble and a denim jacket like the Current/Elliott Snap Jacket.   Last but not least, teen queen Selena Gomez spent a sunny day in LA with our favorite ca ...
Selena Gomez Spotted Toting her ROMYGOLD Biker Slasher Tote!
It is everything you want in a classic black handbag. It has enough space to fill it up with your necessities. It is easy to carry around town. It is perfect for traveling. Oh, and did we mention the uber-cool design!? Singer22.com has the perfect black handbag, and it seems that Selena Gomez has already picked it out as her most loved accessory - ROMYGOLD Biker Slash Tote. She kept her ROMYGOLD Biker Slash Tote close to her as she made her rounds of appearances and shows in London this past year.  Selena goes out and about in London with her ROMYGOLD Biker Slash Tote and gal pal Taylor Swift. She added her rock-and-roll-inspired handbag with an ultra cute black pea coat, black tights, and black pumps.  We love her casual look with the tote! She roamed around at the St. Pancras Train Stat ...
Celeb Favorite Denim @Singer22
www.singer22.com has an amazing selection of Denim. You can stock up on all your Designer Denim and be just like your favorite celebrity.  Singer22.com has your favorite Denim shorts and Jeans from the hottest designers. Celebs like Ciara, Denise Richards, Selena Gomez, LindsayLohan, and Ellen Pompeo love designer denim.   My Favorite is the new Current/Elliot Skinny Jeans in New Worn Shredded. Ciara was spotted wearing these rockin' jeans. She matched them with a fab off the shoulder sweater and cute heels and an oversize clutch. This is a laid back but sexy look that you can wear anytime.   I also love the J Brand Torn Ripped Jeans.  Rihanna rocks these jeans with a fab pair of booties and a white button up sleeveless top.  A stylish but comfortable look.  Yo ...
