Former Disney Star Reckons Adam Sandler Is The Better Vamp...
 
Selena Gomez: I feel like a vampire
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
Selena Gomez has spoken about her desire to go on a fun trip with friends around the world, as she travels with her parents nearly everywhere.
 
Tuned In: Selena Gomez Is Planning a 'Personal' Album
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
(Getty) Selena Gomez once admitted that she takes her music career less seriously than she does acting, but now that she's hanging out with Justin Bieber all the time she plans to knuckle down and actually spend some time on her songs. Also, the trailer for Beyoncé's animated movie EPIC is out, 50 Cent is "fine" after a little run in with a Mack truck, and Rihanna hung out with "the beebs." Here ...
 
Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber’s Date Night — Stars Reunite After Believe Tour
Wednesday, June 13, 2012
Justin and Selena are back together — at last — after spending weeks apart from one another! And now we know how they spent their first night together! Find out all the details! Earlier, we celebrated the fact that Justin Bieber and his leading love Selena Gomez finally reunited on Tuesday June 12 in Los [...]
 
Selena Gomez won't talk about Justin Bieber on album
Monday, June 25, 2012
Selena Gomez won t be revealing details of her relationship with boyfriend Justin Bieber on her new album.
 
Selena and Justin will keep Harry Styles away from their mums
Thursday, June 28, 2012
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber plan to keep Harry Styles away from their 'hot' mothers. The couple have befriended the 18-year-old One Direction singer and are surprised that, despite the number of girls his own age who throw themselves at him, he prefers to date older women.
 
Selena Gomez: 'Katy Perry: Part of Me' Premiere!
Tuesday, June 26, 2012
Selena Gomez walks the red carpet at the premiere of the new concert film Katy Perry: Part of Me 3D held at Grauman’s Chinese Theatre on Tuesday (June 26) in Hollywood. The 19-year-old singer wore an Emilio Pucci dress and Jimmy Choo heels. Selena was joined on the red carpet by “Call Me Maybe” singer [...]
 
Selena Gomez Perfume Launch Outfit Too Risqué For 19-Years-Old? [PHOTOS]
Tuesday, June 12, 2012
Selena Gomez showed some leg at the New York City launch of her perfume, but was her look too risqué for a 19-year-old?
 
Justin Bieber: I’m Lonely On Tour Without Selena Gomez
Monday, June 04, 2012
Justin Bieber tells his fans he misses Selena Gomez! Find out the romantic way he shared his thoughts! Justin Bieber is currently overseas promoting his new album Believe, and although he is having a blast with his fans he confessed he misses his girlfriend. Find out what he said! While Justin is on tour in [...]
 
