• Filed under : Articles , Interviews
Los  Angeles, CA, United States (AHN) – Selena Gomez is only 18 years old  and she just released her second album of both Radio Disney and  club-ready hits, “A Year Without Rain,” which sees her taking the dance  sound she adopted on platinum single “Naturally” and keeping the pulse  going for 10 new tracks.
On “A Year Without Rain,” Selena Gomez & the Scene sees the Scene’s  guitars and drums taking a backseat to electronic beats and synths, as  the new album explores more of the electronic pop sound which shot  “Naturally” to the top of the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart. The  first two singles, “Round & Round” and the title track, have already  gone Top 40 and are still climbing.
The album sees her  re-teaming with “Naturally” hitmakers Rock Mafia, who helped Miley Cyrus  grow up on her “Can’t Be Tamed “album, and gets production help from  “Let It Rock” singer Kevin Rudolf, Beyonce and Fergie collaborator Toby  Gad, and even Lady Gaga’s own RedOne. Katy Perry also contributes a  self-penned track and backing vocals to album track “Rock God.”
But Selena Gomez is a Disney star, which means she’s not just a singer.  Along with touring and promoting the new album, she’s also finishing up  her last season of her hit show “Wizards of Waverly Place” and filmed  the upcoming movie “Monte Carlo.” She also has an organic clothing line  and is a UNICEF ambassador. Make you feel bad about what you were doing  at 18? What if I told you her music, especially current single “A Year  Without Rain,” is actually good?
Somehow finding time in her  busy schedule (or she also manages time and space), Selena Gomez talked  to AHN about her new album, being #1 on the club scene without ever  stepping into one, and loving Britney and “Glee.”
AHN:  So your album just came out and you’ve been on every talk show and  radio show. What is a Selena Gomez album release week like?
Selena Gomez: It’s definitely a whirlwind. We come to New York and we get to do all  the shows, and we do performances and acoustic sets, and basically talk  about my album repeatedly over and over again (laughing). Then we go to  the UK next week and do it all again.
