Tweet
The shocking moment when Justin Bieber passed out from a concussion after hitting a glass door was revealed in last night, June 20th’s, Justin Bieber special.
Justin Bieber: All Around The World had live performances, original interviews, and behind-the-scenes moments but also dramatic moments like  Justin Bieber  going unconscious and being completely mobbed by girls surrounding his car! Keep reading for our full recap and watch the video of Justin passing out below.
With 15 million albums sold, 23 million Twitter followers, 45 million Facebook fans and 3 billion YouTube views, Justin Bieber is undeniably one of the biggest stars in the world – NBC chronicled his journey of performances in 19 cities in 7 countries in 12 days with two primetime specials!
The two part special aired the first of two hours on June 20, and it didn’t disappoint!
First, we got to see things from the “Justin cam” – his point of view, including hundreds of girls surrounding his car! It was actually kind of a scary moment! “That was pretty crazy!” Justin said.
“I’m guess I’m cool with being a heartthrob. I’m 18. Having a lot of girls liking me is not a bad thing.” Justin admitted. Hope  Selena Gomez  isn’t jealous of all the attention!
“I think he is one of the most hardworking artists in the world,” Manager Scooter Braun said, adding he works 16-hour days with little time off.
In Oslo, Norway, girls were standing on train tracks outside Justin’s hotel, which obviously caused a security alert – police and even the Red Cross were called to move Justin to a new, undisclosed location for safety reasons.
Justin is “so sheltered because it’s hard to go outside. Social media is his way of connecting to his peers,” Scooter said.
“My fans, to me, mean the world. I try to be connected to them – I re-tweet and follow,” Justin said.
Then we saw our first live song by Justin, his inspiring hit “Never Say Never.” Between shots of Justin, we saw girls sobbing in the crowd and being attended to by paramedics! Justin left the concert by boat and was followed by about 100 boats filled with fans – such a crazy sight!
Next stop — London! We saw cameos from Justin’s sister Jazmyn, Cheryl Cole, Kelly Clarkson (who was a huge fangirl), Usher, Carly Rae Jepsen and Katy Perry, who touched Justin’s butt LOL!
Justin performed at Wembley Stadium for a crowd of 88,000 people. It takes “a lot of hard work and dedication! I don’t want to let anyone down,” Justin said.
While in the venue, claustrophobic Justin got stuck in the elevator – “I nearly just died guys!” He joked.
One highlight of the special was seeing Justin in private, backstage moments. His pre-show ritual – push ups! He’s so strong! His tight-knit “family” also does a chant of “ducks, ducks, ducks, ducks, quack, quack, quack, quack” like in the 1992 movie The Mighty Ducks, before he takes the stage.
In London, we watched his live performance of “Baby” for the sold-out crowd. Justin was rocking a Union Jack tank top!
In the middle of his set, Justin brought out BFF Carly Rae Jepsen to perform her #1 song “Call Me Maybe” – we still totally love the song!
Next up, the cameras followed Justin to Paris where we saw some behind-the-scenes footage of Justin doing press and promotions.
“I hate my hair,” Justin joked in a mirror, only to be slapped in the face by his hairstylist!
Back to being serious, Justin explained, “Believe can be used in so many ways. Believe in your dreams, believe in yourself, I think it’s just a positive message.”
We watched Justin Bieber do a drum solo, then he went on the balcony of his hotel room to sing “One Less Lonely Girl” …in French!!!
Watch it here:
Justin’s Paris show was in the tallest building in the city – Montparnasse Tower – and was very small and secretive. The intimate setting was a nice change of pace from the usual super stadiums where he performs.
Before the show, we even saw Justin goofing around, singing John Mayer’s “Your Body is a Wonderland.” Everyone was having a great time in the city of light.
We heard Justin perform a stripped down, acoustic version of “Be Alright.” But just as the special moment was over, drama erupted! Apparently, while he was performing “Boyfriend,” Justin hit his head into a glass wall – hard. As Justin was walking down a flight of stairs after his show, he fell and passed out. Scooter says he was unconscious for “4 or 5 minutes” – and the JB special ended on a total cliffhanger….to be continued tomorrow night, June 21, at 8pm EST to NBC!
Watch the video of the dramatic moment:
Did you watch (and like) Justin Bieber's special?
Yes, I watched it and loved it!
I watched it but wasn't impressed.
I didn't bother to watch.
