5' 5" (1.65 m)
Mini Biography
Selena Marie Gomez was born to Mandy Teefey and Ricardo Gomez on July 22, 1992. At a young age, she moved from New York to Grand Prairie, Texas. Giving birth to Selena at 16, her mom Mandy recalls living "paycheck-to-paycheck". Selena started out on "Barney & Friends" (1992) as "Gianna" in 2001 where she really discovered her talent. Unfortunately, they dropped her from the series after just two years. In 2003, she had a very small role in the movie Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over (2003) and a bit part in 2005 when she played "Julie" in Walker, Texas Ranger: Trial by Fire (2005) (TV) with Mitchel Musso and in 2006 as "Emily Grace Garcia" in Brain Zapped (2006) (TV) when she recorded a song for the movie. She she guest starred as "Gwen" in "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody" (2005) and as Hannah's rival, the 'evil' "Mikayla", in "Hannah Montana" (2006). Selena's amazing talent landed her roles in two Disney series, both spin-offs. Unfortunately, neither show was picked up until 2007 when she got the role of "Alex Russo" in the magical series "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007) which she auditioned for three times. In March 2008, she made her first animated movie Horton Hears a Who! (2008) and later starred in Another Cinderella Story (2008) (V) with Disney Channel star Drew Seeley for ABC Family. Her two Disney Channel Original Movies Princess Protection Program (2009) (TV), with real-life BFF Demi Lovato , and Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie (2009) (TV) will both air Summer 2009.
IMDb Mini Biography By: Someone
Mini Biography
Selena Gomez was born and raised in Grand Prairie, Texas. Her mother Amanda [Commonly known as Mandy] Cornett is an Italian woman from Dallas, Texas and her father Ricardo Gomez is from New Mexico. Mommy Mandy gave birth to Selena at 16, and her parents divorced in 1997. Nearly 10 years later, she was remarried to Brian Teefy. Selena is best known for her role as "Alex Russo" in the show, "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007), and as "Mary" in Another Cinderella Story (2008) (V). Selena signed a record deal with Hollywood Records just before her 16th birthday and is recording an album, due out Summer of 2009.
IMDb Mini Biography By: Anonymous
Trade Mark
Dark hair and dark eyes
Trivia
Before landing the role of "Alex Russo" in "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007), Selena wasn't a fan of neither magic or the Harry Potter franchise.
Her role model and favorite actress is Rachel McAdams .
While filming that animated movie Horton Hears a Who! (2008), she played Steve Carell 's daughter but she never got to meet him.
She became interested in acting after watching her mom, Mandy Teefey .
Her favorite band is Paramore .
She adopted her dog named Chip from an animal shelter.
Discovered by Disney in a nation-wide casting call.
Sings the theme tune to her Disney Channel show "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007).
Is an only child.
Has four dogs - Chip, Willy, Fina and Wallace.
Her mom, Mandy Teefey , remarried in 2006 to Brian Teefey.
Wears a purity ring that says "True Love Waits".
She is of Mexican and Italian heritage.
Her mom gave birth to her at the age of 16.
Her parents divorced when she was 5 years old.
She was named after Tejano singer Selena Quintanilla-Pérez, who died almost three years after Gomez was born.
She went to Danny Jones Middle School located in Texas.
Her name 'Selena' means Moon in Greek.
She is a huge fan of Johnny Depp and Lady Sovereign .
Both her family and Fernanda Romero are from the same town in Mexico.
Used to do a YouTube show with her best friend Demi Lovato called "The Demi and Selena Show".
Has a song written and sung about her on YouTube called "Selena Gomez" by Greg Kurka.
Involved with the charity Raise Hope for Congo which helps raise awareness about the violence against Congolese women.
Participated in the "Runway for Life" benefit for St. Jude's Children Research Hospial. [2008]
Was named the youngest ambassador to UNICEF at age 17 (2009).
Lead singer of the band Selena Gomez & The Scene .
In a relationship with Justin Bieber [2010-present].
Selena and her mom, Mandy Cornett (Teefey), said good-bye to friends and family in Grand Prairie, Texas to start a new Life in Los Angeles after hearing the life-changing news of Selena's new role on "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007).
Is a fan of Britney Spears and considers Britney to be one of her idols.
Huge fan of Fefe Dobson , she covered one of Dobson's tracks "As a blonde" on her album "Kiss and tell" and Fefe also co-wrote Selena's hit single "Round and Round".
For her 2011 music video "Love You Like A Love Song", Gomez had horses spray-painted pink. This led to accusations from PETA and singer Pink about the treatment of the animals.
In June 2011, she released her album "When The Sun Goes Down".
Best friends with Demi Lovato since early childhood. They appeared together in "Barney & Friends" (1992), _'Princess Protection Program' (2008)_, _'Sonny with a Chance' (2009)_.
Hospitalized with nausea and terrible headaches after appearing on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (1992). She was later diagnosed with physical exhaustion and food poisoning [June 13, 2011].
Is friends with Taylor Swift .
Personal Quotes
Be yourself always, there's no one better!
I was never the girl who thought I need to make sure I look like all the other girls. I think you look best when you stand out.
[on Having Her Own Band] I'm going to be in a band - no Selena Gomez stuff. I'm not going to be a solo artist. I think that I don't want my name attached to it. I basically want to make music that is fun and that parents and kids can jump around to and have a good time to.
I wanted to be like my friends. I hung out with girls who had blue eyes and blond hair and I thought, 'I want to look like them!'
[on declaring she will remain a virgin until marriage] I said, 'Dad, I want a promise ring.' He went to the church and got it blessed. He actually used me as an example for other kids. I'm going to keep my promise to myself, to my family and to God.
[on wearing a purity ring] I've had my ring since I was 12 years old. But for me it's not something I want to go around saying, 'Hey, look what I have.' It's a promise I made to myself and God. I think some people misinterpret that as a trend and think everyone's getting one.
[on reports that she and friend, Demi Lovato had a feud] You can't care (about reports like that), It's really toxic what they do to the girls in the industry.
[on Lindsay Lohan and her time in rehab] I don't think anybody should be mean because you never understand what's someone is going through. And it is partly (this) business, because it is crazy and hectic. So I think that nobody should be rude. If this were a normal person, you wouldn't be so judgmental. I feel like people shouldn't judge as much, they should give their sympathy.
[on revealing she would prefer to date someone who is not famous] You kind of can't help who you'll fall in love with. I'd date someone who isn't in the business in a heartbeat.
I love Katy Perry ! She gave me a song for my second album.
Everyone wants songs written by Katy Perry . I asked her and she was so nice - she just said, 'Yeah, you can have it.' She was very kind.
I don't actually like dates. I get awkward as I never know what to do.
For me, the person that I really admire because they came from this Disney world would be Shia LaBeouf . He had his own show on Disney Channel. He was really funny and I loved his show. Then he started to do films. Now he is doing really great films and he is respected as an actor. I really like him a lot as an actor. I think he is cute, too, so that helps. I feel that I can relate to him the most.
I'm going to be Katy Perry for Halloween. I'm going to have the blue hair and the ice cream outfit she did. It's going to be awesome.
[on working with Katy Perry ] It is so much fun. It's very soulful and it's kind of got her flair mixed in with my dance kind-of-a-little techno vibe. So it was really amazing and I really loved it. I was extremely honored, cause I'm a huge fan of hers.
[on Justin Bieber ] I love Justin. When he first started to come over from Canada his manager contacted me and he just said that he would like to meet me and he was just such a good kid.
[on Demi Lovato ] I love her. I completely love her and her whole family to death. I will always talk extremely highly of her and I always have.
I love Nicki Minaj , Eminem , Katy Perry . They are all about being themselves and I love that.
(on going to her firs concert - a Britney Spears show) We were in the nosebleeds with my cousin. I got the T-shirt and glow sticks and I just remember it being the highlight of my life! I felt like I was on cloud nine!
(on doing a Britney Spears tribute for her concert) We are working on a Britney tribute, which I'm so stoked about, 'cause I love Britney. I was like, 'I have to do it.' I wanna do a mash-up of all her songs and just go for it. We're gonna do a little tribute. We're gonna do her hits, ' ... Baby One More Time,' and then I think we're going to try to incorporate 'Toxic' and that phase. And then we might do some of her recent, new stuff.
(on performing songs from Britney Spears during a tribute concert) I'm not going to even touch Britney! She's so good. I wouldn't want to butcher it. I'm just going to pay tribute to her! I'm gonna say she's awesome.
(On Rebecca Black 's song "Friday") I love it! Total guilty pleasure! I totally admire her, I think it's awesome that she hasn't taken that downward spiral that other child stars have taken.
[on her boyfriend, Justin Bieber ] Yeah, he is romantic. He gave me a bottle of his new perfume the other day. (2011)
Where Are They Now
(2005) Currently shooting with actress/singer Lalaine on the set of "Lizzie McGuire" (2001) television spin-off "Stevie Sanchez" for the Disney Channel. She will play Miranda's kid sister, Stephanie "Stevie" Sanchez.
(2007) Starring in the TV series "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007) for the Disney Channel playing "Alex Russo".
(April 2008) Working on Another Cinderella Story (2008) (V).
(February 2009) Began filming in Puerto Rico for Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie (2009) (TV) for 6 weeks. Will also be partially filmed in New York City and LA. Is set to release in August 2009.
(June 2009) Back home from Canada from filming Ramona and Beezus (2010) and about to go back to the set of "Wizards of Waverly Place" (2007)
(2009) Appeared in a commercial for Borden milk.
(December 2011) Selena is set to start filming a new movie (Spring Breakers) around February.
Update Page
Edit page
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' button  will take you through a step-by-step process.
Add resume
With our Resume service you can add photos and build a complete resume to help you achieve the best possible presentation on the IMDb.
Click here to add your resume and/or your photos to IMDb.
 
