Posted on Mar 2nd, 2011
Selena Celebrates With Her Man
Selena was glued to her man's side as they celebrated his 17th birthday together this past Tuesday at The Grove. Riding their dashing appearance at the Oscars, the two were seen having a romantic dinner and grabbing some frozen yogurt. Bieber's fans are probably livid over this romance, but they are cute together! Selena is a sweet young girl and so is the Biebs. Only one more year until he's an adult Selena!
Posted on Jan 19th, 2011
Selena Gomez Naked Photo Fake!
Selena Gomez and her people have been quick to take action against a fake naked photo of the singer/actress circulating the internet. Gomez is rightfully upset that some may see the image and believe it is her, which will damage her squeaky clean Disney star image. With the photoshop skills some have, we have no doubt this picture looks very real, but rest assured it is a huge FAKE and Gomez will no doubt take legal action against the people trying to tarnish her image.
Posted on Jan 18th, 2011
Selena Gomez Sans Purity Ring!
Disney's sweetheart Selena Gomez may not be so sweet anymore! Since the young age of 12, Selena has worn a purity ring symbolizing her committment to stay 'pure' until marriage. But, in recent weeks she has been spotted quite frequently hanging out with Justin Bieber WITHOUT her purity ring on! Allegedly her family is furious with their daughter and her choice to remove her ring, and rightfully so! Could this mean that Gomez has done the unthinkable and lost her purity to the Biebs?!?! If so, it won't be long until sex tapes and nude photos start surfacing. Stay pure Selena, stay pure!
Posted on Jan 18th, 2011
Selena Gomez Kissing Justin Bieber!
Death threats and mayhem have followed the surfacing of pictures showing Selena Gomez kissing the teen dream known as Justin Bieber. As crazy as it is, Gomez received many death threats via Twitter after the her and Bieber were spotted making out poolside while vacationing in a luxury mansion in St. Lucia. The two have been getting cozy for some time now, visiting each other in various work locations, but a public statement from either party has yet to be made. Gomez is Bieber's senior by 3 years, which is has caused some interesting debate about 'consent'. Whatever the public says, they are a cute couple, let's just hope they don't end up like Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake!
