Getty Image More Selena Gomez pics
Why is She famous
To the younger set, Selena Gomez is most recognizable for her TV roles -- first as a recurring character on Hannah Montana and now as the seasoned star of another Disney Channel hit, Wizards of Waverly Place. What does this mean? Well, among other things, it means that most men might not be intricately familiar with her, unless they’ve been forced to watch her due to parental obligations. Something of a mini- Jennifer Lopez in her looks and film, TV, fashion, and musical pursuits, Gomez is on the cusp of crossing over from famous teen stardom to worldwide celebrity. As her pop culture status will likely change soon -- with a little help from Katie Cassidy and Leighton Meester -- we thought we’d offer an appropriate introduction.
Selena Gomez Quote
" I don’t really like dressing up."
76 Sex Appeal
With her ethnic roots equally divided between Mexican-American and  Italian, Selena Gomez has the right genes to blossom into an  eye-catching starlet in the years to come. Since she only turned 18 in the  summer of 2010, we really haven’t had a chance yet to properly catch a  glimpse of her true potential, but her natural cuteness and eye for  fashion ensure that she’ll probably be looking good for quite a while.  Admittedly we’re curious about whether she’ll go the way of Miley Cyrus and sample the bong, but with her purity ring firmly in place since the  age of 12, there’s hope (or is that disappointment?) that Gomez  will avoid the pitfalls of teen stardom and maintain her sterling  reputation.  So which guys in Hollywood have attempted to sway Gomez from her puritan lifestyle? To date, there have been two -- Taylor Lautner and Nick Jonas -- but unfortunately, neither of them were successful in developing a  lasting relationship with her. Now that she’s a young woman, Gomez will  be able to choose from an impressive range of male suitors -- all of  whom should be relaxed and not obsessed with fame or status, according  to her. The question is whether any of them are even close to being as  innocent as she is. Better luck next time, Gary Busey.
70 Success
If Miley Cyrus -- minus the bong -- wrote the book on how to be a  successful teen queen, Selena Gomez has been following her lead quite  nicely. Part of a show-business family herself, Gomez caught one  of her earliest breaks with a guest-starring role on Hannah Montana and  has since developed her acting niche further as the lead on the  long-running Disney series Wizards of Waverly Place. With two albums, a  film production company, a clothing line, and Monte Carlo -- a feature  film with Leighton Meester and Katie Cassidy -- in the works, Gomez has successfully spread her brand to different  corners of the entertainment spectrum. As long as she doesn’t mess  things up, there’s a good chance that her teen success will be duplicated  in adulthood.  One of the things that makes Gomez stand out from her rivals is  her curious mind and dedication to philanthropy. Taking a page from Natalie Portman 's book, Gomez has been especially active in  politics (as a UR Votes Count participant), animal welfare (with Island  Dog) and pro-female causes (through RAISE Hope For Congo), but her  primary focus has been with children. An ambassador for UNICEF, she’s  the youngest person to ever hold that title and her efforts with the  organization have taken her all the way to Ghana. Being a celebrity teen  queen is one thing, but Gomez is a socially conscious teen  queen, which makes her something else entirely. That’s a good thing.
Selena Gomez Biography
Selena Gomez was poised for stardom from the moment that she was named after the slain singer of the same first name. Growing up primarily under the watch of her actress mother, Mandy Teefey, she observed with eager eyes as her mom acted in stage shows and decided early on that she wanted to try the same thing. As a child of the "Barney the Friendly Dinosaur" generation, she naturally made her acting debut on the PBS series Barney & Friends, which was filmed when she was beginning elementary school but didn’t air until 2002.
In the wake of a role in Robert Rodriguez ’s Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over in 2003, Selena Gomez made waves at a talent search that was organized by the Disney Channel. As a result, she was hired to do guest-starring work on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody (featuring Ashley Tisdale ) in 2006 and then on Hannah Montana in 2007. The latter gig became a recurring role for Gomez as she played Mikayla, a rival pop star to Miley Cyrus’s titular songstress -- an opportunity that allowed her to enjoy a small slice of the pop culture craze that made Hannah Montana a tween phenomenon. The feud between Gomez and Cyrus went viral in 2008 when the latter teen queen created a video that skewered her rival: a move that generated controversy, but was dismissed as being a joke. Regardless of its intentions, the experience only helped to enhance Gomez’s brand.
selena gomez stars on wizards of waverly place
Following her successful string of appearances on the Disney Channel, Selena Gomez was granted her own starring role in 2007 when she was asked to take the lead in the new series Wizards of Waverly Place. As a wizard in Greenwich Village (not something you see every day), she successfully anchored her own TV show while developing a musical career on the side. Her contribution, as a solo artist, to the soundtrack of her 2008 film Another Cinderella Story -- a sequel to the Hilary Duff movie A Cinderella Story -- led to the formation of her own band, Selena Gomez & the Scene, which recorded the theme song for Wizards of Waverly Place.  
Seeing fit to follow the lead of Miley Cyrus and further take advantage of her professional brand, Selena Gomez created July Moon Productions in 2008 in an effort to develop her own films. She also brought her Alex Russo character to the movies with the 2009 telefilm, Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie, which attracted over 13 million viewers for its premiere and won a Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Children’s Program. To top it all off, Gomez was also named as the youngest UNICEF ambassador in history before closing out the year with the release of her band’s first album, Kiss & Tell, which later earned a "gold" certification.
selena gomez launches dream out loud and stars in monte carlo
In 2010, Selena Gomez celebrated a string of successful accomplishments across multiple forms of media. She oversaw the development and launch of her own clothing line, Dream Out Loud by Selena Gomez, which featured a bohemian theme and environmentally respectful materials. In addition to that, she also top-lined her first feature film release, Ramona and Beezus, and released her second album, A Year Without Rain, which sold over 65,000 copies in its first week.
As she juggles the various hats of TV star, film actress, musical artist, ambassador, and professional fashionista, Selena Gomez enters 2011 -- and adulthood -- with another new season of Wizards of Waverly Place to look forward to, as well as a lead role in the film Monte Carlo. For the latter project, she’ll be seen alongside Katie Cassidy and Leighton Meester; the film promises to increase her star power and showcase her talents for a wider audience.    
