Selena Gomez Wants To Collaborate With Fun & Taylor Swift
Selena Gomez took a little break from music to expand her film résumé with increasingly riskier projects, including the upcoming “Spring Breakers,” but now the former Disney princess is ready to head back into the studio. However, just like in her acting career, her new music will show her more mature side.
“I finished three movies this year, so I’m very happy about that, because it’s exactly what I wanted: I wanted to do film for a little bit,” she told MTV News over the weekend in New York, where she was promoting her self-titled fragrance at Macy’s Herald Square. “But I am missing music, so we’re going to start on the fourth record at the end of this year.”
While it will be a while before Gomez books some studio time, she said she has already started thinking about how this new album, a follow-up to 2011′s When the Sun Goes Down, will sound.
“Very different! I want to go for producers that probably wouldn’t want me to do their songs,” she said. “I just want to knock on their door. I also want to work with Fun. I want to work with just different styles of music.”
Her dream collaborations list doesn’t begin and end with the “We Are Young” rockers: She wants to get one of her pals onboard as well. “I also want to work with Taylor [Swift] too. So I just want to do different things for this album,” she said. “By the time it comes out, I’ll almost be 21, so I want to be able to — wow, that sounds really scary! I want it to be older.”
While she doesn’t necessarily have a timeframe for the album release, fans might want to mark July 2013: That’s when she turns the big 2-1, and her album release might be the splashiest way to celebrate her big day. “I’ll be actually able to order a drink, so that will be cool, I guess,” she said about the milestone. “I think I’ll have a big party with my family and have people come out, because I don’t really celebrate birthdays.”
What are you expecting from Selena’s next album? Let us know in the comments!
