Selena Gomez at Kids' Choice Awards 2012 Selena Gomez at MTV Video Music Awards 2011 Selena Gomez at Teen Choice 2011 Selena Gomez at Teen Choice 2011 Selena Gomez at Teen Choice 2011 Selena Gomez at Teen Choice 2011 Selena Gomez Pictures
Joey King as Beezus Quimby in " Ramona and Beezus ," and as Carter Mason, a rural Louisiana tomboy who must deal with the arrival of Princess Rosie, in the Disney Channel Original Movie " Princess Protection Program ." Along with co-star Demi Lovato , Gomez performs the song "One in the Same" for the movie.
Born July 22, 1992, in Dallas, Texas, Selena Gomez , began her acting career at age seven, spending her birthday at an open casting call competing among thousands of other hopefuls for a role in the television series "Barney & Friends." She was cast as a series regular for two seasons. In 2003, Selena Gomez was cast in "Spy Kids 3D."
In the summer of 2004, Disney Channel began a worldwide casting search for promising young talent. Three weeks after Gomez's local audition in Dallas, she was invited to Los Angeles to meet Disney Channel programming executives. They cast her in a pilot that year. The following year, she landed roles in two Disney Channel pilots and one become a series, "The Wizards of Waverly Place."
Among Gomez's other credits are guest starring roles in Disney Channel's hit series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and " Hannah Montana ."
Signed to Hollywood Records in 2009, Gomez has released her debut album, "Kiss & Tell," which was certified Gold. The first single was later certified Platinum. She has recorded three original songs for "Wizards of Waverly Place The Movie" soundtrack and recorded songs for "101 Dalmatians," "Another Cinderella Story" and "Tinker Bell." With her second album in the works, she is teaming up with Antonia Armata and Tim James again to release "A Year Without Rain." Gomez is currently performing various shows across the country.
As if TV, movies and music weren't enough, Gomez recently launched a clothing line for Kmart called Dream Out Loud.
Gomez has been repeatedly honored as an ambassador for UNICEF. Recently, she helped kick off the organization's 60th anniversary, at its Trick or Treat event.
She resides in Los Angeles with her parents.
