Are Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Pre-Engaged?
Feb 23, 2012 at 05:30 pm by Emily
Because, you know, that’s a thing, being pre-engaged.  It’s when you’re engaged to be engaged.  It’s sort of like how right now I’m planning on planning on buying a new car, or how I’m thinking about thinking about finally taking down the Christmas tree.  It’s the step you take before you take the step to get to the actual step.  Get it?
Anyway, that’s apparently what Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are doing right now, because Justin got Selena this beautiful ring for Valentine’s Day:
Yeah, that’s a ring featuring a “J” made of diamonds, because Justin likes to keep it simple.  He also likes to keep things locked down , because this ring signifies that little Justin wants to spend the rest of his whole life with Selena. Aww !
Selena Gomez, 19, shared a pic on Instagram on Feb. 12 of a ring in the shape of a ‘J’ with the message “I’m finally home” during a romantic date with boyfriend Justin Bieber, 17, in New York City. And now a new report claims the super cute gesture was Justin’s way of promising Selena he’ll be with her forever.
“It was kind of a pre-engagement ring, really,” a source tells OK! magazine. “They’re too young to get married, but they are just head over heels in love with each other and they want to spend the rest of their lives together…It symbolizes their intention to be together for a long time.”
This comes almost a year after the pair stepped out holding hands at the Vanity Fair Oscar party on Feb. 27, 2011. From tropical romantic getaways around the world to Mariah Yeater accusing Justin of being her baby’s daddy, the two young lovebirds have definitely had a whirlwind of a year, but are stronger than ever.
“They are 100 percent monogamous — Justin has girls throwing themselves at him all the time, but they are essentially invisible to him,” the source tells the mag. “Her never misses an opportunity to tell Selena how beautiful she is.”
Another sign that these two are getting more serious can be seen in that photo up there at the very top of this post, that one with Justin, Selena, and a couple of kids.  This was from a little playdate they had recently with Justin’s two younger siblings, and it really looks like they’re playing pretend with kids again.  These two are all about pre-planning to the max, huh?
What do you guys think?  Is this couple going to make it all the way down the aisle?
8
