selena gomez 2011 pics. selena
Suva
01-26  01:22 PM
You are absolutely right. I have also completely lost the hope about it.
Yeah....in 2011 again it will be viewed too late for CIR, because in 2012 they have to face presidential election and incumbent president would be preparing for 2nd term. And again there will be a promise for CIR and 2013 will be a fresh year, 2014 will be a mid-term election year, 2015 will be too late for the term as they have to face presidential elections in 2016. Cycle repeats...after 5 cycles (i.e. 20 years) we all will get GC or kicked out of queue by issuing rfe/memo or totally frustrated and gone back to our home country or we might be still waiting in line for CIR to rescue us.
Along with election cycle there will be economic cycles. When cycle-of-politics favors the CIR, cycle-of-economy unfavors CIR and vice versa. Instead of reading pages and pages of news and blogs simply read it as 'CIR will never happen'.
hair selena gomez dress up 2011.
+selena+gomez+dating+2011
texcan
07-29  10:48 PM
I have a unique problem with possibly getting a green card too early. Please let me know how I can make this situation better. My priority date in EB2 India is in Jan 2006, which means potentially I could get my green card in 2-3 months.
I plan to get engaged in December 2008 and married in December 2009 to an Indian born Australian citizen. As far as I can see, her chargeability would be from India.
What are my options to make my life easier and to be able to successfully bring my future wife to the US the easiest possible way. So far, I have 2 options:
1. Use the special E3 work visa for Australian citizens.
2. If I dont get my GC within the next few months, do an early court marriage and invoke the following-to-join spouse when she is ready to come to the US.
well ...if the option is between "difficult spouse"/"GC " why bother with either....I thought of something else when i saw the title. pls donot mind...
On serious note, Since your spouse is australian citizen you can easily use E3 visa ( its very simple) or better yet just go ahead and marry her in court right away, register marriage and have the big gala family ....marriage event later.
My 2 cents...take it easy and make it simple. Its a happy occasion donot waste time on immigration issue in next few months, enjoy the courtship time...immigration will fall in place and even if not ...life matters.
