Events > 2012 > Jun 09 | Selena Gomez Fragrance Launch
Selena Gomez covers Elle Magazine
Written By Renee on Jun 7, 2012 | Filed Under: Gallery Updates , Interviews , Photoshoots , Selena , Videos | 0 \ Leave a comment
With her new short film “Fifty Shades of Blue” having recently been released, Selena Gomez garnered herself a little added exposure by covering the July 2012 issue of ELLE magazine.
The 19-year-old singer/actress is clad in a Balmain embroidered lambskin top with a Mugler Viscose skirt on a bright yellow backdrop for the Carter Smith shot front page while talking about topics including Hollywood, fashion and Justin Bieber .
Highlights from Miss Gomez’s interview are as follows. For more, be sure to pay a visit to ELLE !
On Bieber renting out LA’s Staples Center for a private screening of Titanic:
“If I’ll share anything with you, it’s that he really is a hopeless romantic. I had just mentioned it in the car – all I said is that I really want to see Titanic again, and then.”
On growing up poor:
“I can remember about seven times when our car got stuck on the highway because we’d run out of gas money.” Still her mother, “saved up to take me to concerts. She took me to museums, aquariums, to teach me about the world, about what’s real.”
On Disney:
“Disney is a machine, so people automatically assume that you can’t work for the channel unless you act and sing and dance and sign up for all that. That’s absolutely not true. I always did everything the way I wanted to do it.”
On her movie offers:
“I get offered the teenybopper movies, and I’ve done that. I haven’t done a mega-hundred-billion-dollar Transformers movie, but that’s not what I want to do either.”
On seeing Jennifer Lopez in Selena at age five:
“I made a bustier out of a bathing suit that I dyed black. I put glue and glitter all over it and I wouldn’t take it off.”
 
Home > Photoshoots > Outtakes > Set 093
Selena Gomez, Active Tech Investor
Written By Renee on May 23, 2012 | Filed Under: Articles , Selena | 0 \ Leave a comment
Actress and singer Selena Gomez puts her money where her photos are with mobile photo application, Postcards on the Run.
Last fall, actress and singer Selena Gomez joined a $750,000 angel-investment round for photo-sharing app Postcards on The Run . The L.A. start-up, led by former MySpace exec Josh Brooks, lets mobile users snap pictures on their phones (both Android and ioS) and turn them into physical postcards at 99 cents a pop.
Since then Gomez has remained an active investor—she says she’s helped Brooks understand his app “from a 19-year-old’s perspective,” and encouraged him to add space on each card for messages. “I put my money into the project because I really felt like it had meaning,” she says, adding that she has over 700 photos in her iPhone. “I used to look through photo albums with my family and now I don’t anymore; I just scroll through my phone. There’s something really magical about holding a photo in your hands.”
And her commitment to the brand has showed real results. Founder and CEO Brooks revealed that just one post on her Facebook wall resulted in 20,000 downloads in just 24 hours.
But how does a 19-year-old celebrity become involved in tech startups? For Gomez, she has her family to thank. Step-dad Brian Teefey is the techie of the family and encouraged her to put her money behind the fledgling app more than a year ago. “I thought the idea was genius,” she tells me, “but when I talked to my step-dad about it he helped me reach out to Josh. It was cool because he was really open about my getting involved. He thought it was awesome.”
As my colleague Zack Greenberg points out in his Celebrity 100 cover story, Gomez’s paramour Justin Bieber has also fashioned himself a venture capitalist in the past 12 months:
… the singer has been quietly plowing millions into private tech startups. According to his manager, Bieber holds stakes in a dozen such companies. FORBES was able to verify four: messaging platform Tinychat, social-­curation app Stamped, gaming outfit Sojo Studios and, most critically, Spot­i­fy, the disruptive music service founded by Daniel Ek and backed by everyone from Sean Parker to Li Ka-shing .
Like Bieber, Gomez is insistent that she’s got to be passionate about a project to get on-board. “The thing is,” she says, “Is that there are a lot of things that people want me to talk about or endorse and I don’t like to do that unless it’s something that I really think has value. I think this is a really special app. And that’s the real reason I wanted to put my money behind it. It has meaning for me and I think it will have meaning for others.”
So is there more investment in the teen couple’s future? All signs point to yes for both parties. “It’s really exciting,” she says. “It feels great to find someone who is doing something you really believe is cool and then to get involved and help in whatever way you can, even if it’s just by adding visibility. I really like being able to add something of value in a new way, and so far, it’s been awesome.”
