
Selena Gomez Tour - 2012 Selena Gomez Concert Tour Dates
The place for Selena Gomez tour, Selena Gomez concert dates, Selena Gomez concert tickets, Selena Gomez concerts, Selena Gomez tour dates, Selena Gomez merchandise and more.
[ Home/Selena Gomez News ] - [ Selena Gomez Bio ] - [ Selena Gomez Tour Dates ] - [ Selena Gomez Tickets ] - [ Selena Gomez Merchandise ]
SELENA GOMEZ TOUR DATES
So the year is 2012 and we are all eagerly awaiting any concert or tour dates announcement from Selena Gomez. Her tour from last year was a huge success and being the girlfriend of Justin Bieber helps her popularity also. Stay tuned for 2012 Selena Gomez Tour Dates as they are officially released.
Selena Gomez Announces 2011 Summer Tour Dates :
While her boyfriend Justin Bieber is traveling across the globe, Selena Gomez will visit big cities across North American for a tour to support her upcoming second studio album. The Disney songstress is going to kick off the tour dates this 2011 summer on July 28 at Mizner Park Amphitheatre in Boca Raton, FL, and wrap it up on September 12 at Western Washington Fair in Puyallup, WA.
“[I] cannot explain how excited I am to finally be putting on a full tour for all of you. I cannot wait to see you out on the road!” Selena Gomez shared her excitement to her Twitter followers shortly after the dates were announced. She has tapped the boys from Allstar Weekend as her supporting act throughout the tour.
Selena Gomez previously told Ryan Seacrest that she plans a Britney Spears tribute. Explaining her love for the “Hold It Against Me” hitmaker, she said Britney’s show was the first concert she ever went to. She recalled, “I got the T-shirt and glow stick. and I just remember it being the highlight of my life! I felt like I was on cloud nine!”
In a more recent interview with MTV, Selena Gomez teased more about what she has in stores for this upcoming tour. “Were gonna do a little tribute. We’re gonna do her hits, ‘ … Baby One More Time,’ and then I think we’re going to try to incorporate ‘Toxic’ and that phase,” she gushed. “And then we might do some of her recent, new stuff.”
Selena Gomez 2011 Tour Dates :  (2012 Tour Dates to be listed soon!)
July
28 – Mizner Park Amphitheatre in Boca Raton, FL
30 – Ruth Eckerd Hall in Clearwater, FL
31 – St. Augustine Amphitheatre in St. Augustine, FL
August
02 – Chastain Park Amphitheater in Atlanta, GA
05 – Bethel Woods Center for the Arts in Bethel, NY
09 – Darien Lake Performing Arts Center in Darien Center, NY
10 – DTE Energy Music Theater in Detroit, MI
12 – Werner Park in Papillion, NE
13 – TBA in Chicago, IL
14 – Nautica Pavilion in Cleveland, OH
16 – Meadowbrook US Cellular Pavilion in Gilford, NH
17 – Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, CT
19 – Mann Center for the Performing Arts in Philadelphia, PA
20 – PNC Bank Arts Center in Holmdel, NJ
21 – Hershey Park Pavilion in Hershey, PA
23 – Molson Amphitheatre in Toronto, ON
25 – Bank of America Pavilion in Boston, MA
26 – Maryland State Fair in Timonium, MD
31 – Gexa Entergy Pavilion in Dallas, TX
September
01 – Starlight Theatre in Kansas City, MO
03 – Colorado State Fair in Pueblo, CO
04 – 1st Bank Center in Denver, CO
05 – Oregon State Fair in Salem, OR
07 – E Center in Salt Lake City, UT
12 – Western Washington Fair in Puyallup, WA
Selena Gomez Announces Summer Tour Dates :
Selena Gomez is hitting the road again this summer on a 2011 tour -- and she's taking The Scene along with her. The coast-to-coast Selena Gomez tour kicks off with tour dates on May 7 in California and wraps September 12 back around in Washington.
"This summer is going to be amazing, putting together a great show for you guys. Don't forget to go to my events tab and RSVP to which city your coming to, look forward to seeing you all out," wrote on her official Facebook page. Many of her fans expressed their excitement for the upcoming Selena Gomez tour & can't wait to see some of the Selena Gomez concerts.
Selena Gomez announces 2011 tour dates :
Selena Gomez & The Scene say they will kick off their summer concert tour at the Orange County Fair in Costa Mesa, Calif.
The tour is to begin July 24, with the band's Hollywood Records label-mates, Allstar Weekend, serving as their opening act.
Tickets are to go on sale April 2.
"I am so excited to see my incredible fans on tour," Selena Gomez said in a statement Wednesday. "We're working on a great production and set lists including some surprise covers. I want to make sure everyone has a fun time."
In addition to her summer tour, Selena Gomez is working on her third album and will star in Fox's feature film 'Monte Carlo', due in theaters July 1.
The popular starlett also is currently in production on the fourth season of her popular Disney Channel series, Wizards of Waverly Place.
The full tour dates schedule for the Selena Gomez concert tour can be found on this very web site.
Selena Gomez Announces Summer Tour :
Ever since Selena Gomez teased her upcoming concert tour on Ryan Seacrest's radio show last week, fans have been excited to hear all the details about when and where she will be hitting the road!
Well, the wait is no more, because she took to her Facebook and Twitter accounts yesterday to announce that the tour is officially on for this summer, with tour dates and concerts throughout July, August and half of September!
Selena Gomez will have the band Allstar Weekend opening for her throughout the tour dates, which begins in in Boca Raton, FL and finishes up in Puyallup, WA.
One of the covers Selena Gomez (as well as fans) seems most excited about is her plan to do a mash-up of Britney Spears songs! The young singer even shared that Britney was the first concert she ever went to when she was younger and she still remembers the feeling of going to a live show for the first time.
The Selena Gomez tour is set to feature many special guests. Don’t miss any of the Selena Gomez tour dates or Selena Gomez concerts in 2010 or 2011. There’s bound to be more Selena Gomez tour dates and Selena Gomez 2011 tour dates.
Need Tickets ?
Search By Artist or Event Name
Our Suggestions
Selena Gomez Short Biography :
Actress. Born Selena Marie Gomez on July 22, 1992, to Amanda Cornett and Ricardo in Grand Prairie, Texas. Her mother, commonly known as Mandy, gave birth to her at the age of 16.
The young actress began her career in show business in 2001 when she performed on the popular children's show Barney & Friends, as Gianna. the young star was dropped from the series after two years in 2003. Over the next two years, the singer auditioned for shows without much success. She landed a small role in the movie Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over in 2003 and a bit part as Julie on Walker, Texas Ranger: Trial by Fire in 2005. She also got a part as Emily Grace Garcia in the television show Brain Zapped in 2006, and even recorded a song for the show.
In 2006, the starlet got her first major role when she guest starred as Gwen in The Suite Life of Zack and Cody on the Disney Channel. Also on the Disney Channel, she played the role as the evil Mikayla in Hannah Montana. more Selena Gomez Biography information.
[ Home/Selena Gomez News ] - [ Selena Gomez Bio ] - [ Selena Gomez Tour Dates ] - [ Selena Gomez Tickets ] - [ Selena Gomez Merchandise ]
© 2012 SelenaGomezTourDates.com
This web site is not directly affiliated with Selena Gomez. Tickets may be sold for above face value.. All images/media contained within is copyright their original owners. If any of the original copyright owners have any issues with any of the content contained within this web site, please feel free to contact us and we will remove it immediately.
