April 25, 2012
--
Selena Gomez will debut her first ever fragrance next month and credits her fans for helping her create the fragrance.
Selena let her fans into the perfume creation process, by sitting down a few lucky fans and putting the final touches on her fragrance together.
Modamob got the scoop on Selena’s debut fragrance at the launch of her namesake scent.
April 10, 2012
--
The new trend that’s all the rage this spring is the two-piece dress, or the peek-a-boo dress, or as my sister calls it, “you mean, like everything in the 80’s?”
Call it what you will, but bustier style tops that stop above the midsection, paired with a skirt, revealing a sexy peek-a-boo slit is the must have item this spring.
Selena Gomez wore a Dolce & Gabbana cropped bustier top with a matching knee length skirt to the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards last month.
February 17, 2012
--
Only one girl in the world can say that her boyfriend helped her design her fragrance line, because he too, has his own fragrance. Oh to be young in Hollywood, boys release fragrances and girls date boys who look like girls. Selena and Justin forever.
Anyways, Selena Gomez is gearing up to launch her new perfume and says she asked for advice from her pals Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber, “They’ve helped me, told me what they did. I did it a little differently than them, but it was good. I can’t wait for people to smell it.”
January 12, 2012
--
Following in the footsteps of Lauren Conrad and Kate Bosworth, Selena Gomez has dip-dyed the tips of her dark hair, bright blue and vibrant purple. So edgy!
Thank goodness Avril Lavigne paved a way for a new generation of nice girls who want to dye their hair crazy colors. Watch out Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, and Nicki Minaj, Selena Gomez is almost as edgy as you are!!
November 21, 2011
--
I love the fashion choices at music awards shows. While at shows like The Oscars or The Golden Globes, everyone looks vaguely the same because everyone looks really good and everyone is wearing Marchesa and everyone is wearing Armani Prive and it’s so pretty that, quite frankly, I’m bored. But at music awards shows, everyone gets a little more cray cray when it comes to style. Here’s what the stars wore to the American Music Awards last night.
Katy Perry : Katy Perry looked good and somewhat normal last night. Where was the rock-a-billy outfit, where was the candy inspired dress? Katy, clad in pink hair that she wore in a vibrant pompadour up-do wore a strapless Vivienne Westwood Couture gown with bright blue peep-toe shoes. It was demure but still had a hint of Katy Perry ridiculousness.
Selena Gomez : Proving that she’s now this 19-year-old style icon, the poptart wore a backless silver Giorgio Armani gown. She looked better than most celebs twice her age. Good Job Selena Gomez.
MORE PICTURES AFTER THE JUMP!
