Flaming Lips break 24-hour record for live shows
AP - 7 hours ago
It's official: The Flaming Lips are the music world's road warriors. More »Flaming Lips break 24-hour record for live shows
It's official: The Flaming Lips are the music world's road warriors.
Selena Gomez Reveals Her Birthday Plans With Boyfriend Justin Bieber
HollywoodLife.com - 12 hours ago
Selena’s birthday is coming up! Does Justin have big, romantic plans in the works for her? Click to find out! Selena Gomez will turn 20 on July 22 — find out how … More »Selena Gomez Reveals Her Birthday Plans With Boyfriend Justin Bieber
Selena’s birthday is coming up! Does Justin have big, romantic plans in the works for her? Click to find out! Selena Gomez will turn 20 on July 22 — find out how she’s spending her big day! So what is Selena doing on her birthday? “I’ll be at the Teen Choice Awards this year — it’s [...]
Taylor Swift Treats BFF Selena Gomez To Lunch — New Details
HollywoodLife.com - 14 hours ago
HollywoodLife.com spoke EXCLUSIVELY with an eyewitness at the restaurant who said Taylor and Selena are ‘two of the sweetest girls ever’! Read on for details! Taylor … More »Taylor Swift Treats BFF Selena Gomez To Lunch — New Details
HollywoodLife.com spoke EXCLUSIVELY with an eyewitness at the restaurant who said Taylor and Selena are ‘two of the sweetest girls ever’! Read on for details! Taylor Swift, 22, and Selena Gomez, 19, are possibly Hollywood’s cutest BFFs and looked adorable having a girls day out to lunch at Paradise Cove in Malibu on June …
Justin Bieber: ‘I Make Mistakes’ — Is He Talking About Paparazzi Fight?
HollywoodLife.com - 17 hours ago
Justin opened up on ‘Bethenny’ how despite his talent and good looks — he’s far from perfect. Was he referring to his alleged violent altercation with the paparazzi? … More »Justin Bieber: ‘I Make Mistakes’ — Is He Talking About Paparazzi Fight?
Justin opened up on ‘Bethenny’ how despite his talent and good looks — he’s far from perfect. Was he referring to his alleged violent altercation with the paparazzi? Read on for more details. Justin Bieber is just a normal 18-year-old — or so he told Bethenny Frankel on her new talk show Bethenny. “I’m not [...]
Justin Bieber Gets Nervous As Fans Run Towards Him
HollywoodLife.com - 18 hours ago
Justin Bieber had a crazy fan encounter on the Bethenny show on June 28. As Bethenny called fans from the backstage green room into the studio to see Justin, he … More »Justin Bieber Gets Nervous As Fans Run Towards Him
Justin Bieber had a crazy fan encounter on the Bethenny show on June 28. As Bethenny called fans from the backstage green room into the studio to see Justin, he looked pretty scared! Justin Bieber looked slightly terrified on the Bethenny show as fans started sprinting towards the superstar! His reaction as they were running …
HollywoodLife.com - 20 hours ago
Browse our cute new gallery of Selena & Taylor's girls day out!
Browse our cute new gallery of Selena & Taylor's girls day out!
We love seeing Selena Gomez out and about with boyfriend Justin Bieber , but sometimes it's …
Blake Lively Is This Week’s Red Carpet Winner: Get Her Fishtail Braid
HollywoodLife.com - 20 hours ago
The actress looked like a Grecian goddess at the NYC premiere of her new film Savages on June 27– here’s how you can copy the look and channel your inner goddess … More »Blake Lively Is This Week’s Red Carpet Winner: Get Her Fishtail Braid
The actress looked like a Grecian goddess at the NYC premiere of her new film Savages on June 27– here’s how you can copy the look and channel your inner goddess too! Blake Lively, 24, wore her gorgeous blonde locks in an enviable fishtail braid to the Savages premiere hosted by The Peggy Siegal Company and [...]
Demi Lovato Sported A Super-High Pink Bun: Cute Or Corny? Vote!
HollywoodLife.com - 21 hours ago
The star swept her dip-dyed strands into a top knot for The X Factor Season 2 auditions at the Dunkin Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island June 27 — What do … More »Demi Lovato Sported A Super-High Pink Bun: Cute Or Corny? Vote!
The star swept her dip-dyed strands into a top knot for The X Factor Season 2 auditions at the Dunkin Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island June 27 — What do you think of the style? Sound off below! Demi Lovato donned a daring pink pile that lifted her bubblegum ends to new heights! While [...]
Blake Lively Rocks A Red Hot Pantsuit On ‘Good Morning America’
HollywoodLife.com - 21 hours ago
After showing off a slew of dresses, she opted for a neat and chic pantsuit — what do you think of her Michael Kors ensemble? We’ve been seeing a lot of Blake Lively … More »Blake Lively Rocks A Red Hot Pantsuit On ‘Good Morning America’
After showing off a slew of dresses, she opted for a neat and chic pantsuit — what do you think of her Michael Kors ensemble? We’ve been seeing a lot of Blake Lively lately, but I’m not complaining. The blonde beauty continues to stun while out promoting for her latest flick, ‘Savages’, where she looked [...]
Katy Perry celebrates release of ‘Part of Me’ movie with Hollywood performance – …
OMG Jam - Wed, Jun 27, 2012 3:46 PM PDT
Katy Perry was living out a teenage dream on Tuesday night. After performing for a huge crowd in Hollywood, following the premiere of her new movie "Part of Me," … More »Katy Perry celebrates release of ‘Part of Me’ movie with Hollywood performance – …
Katy Perry was living out a teenage dream on Tuesday night. After performing for a huge crowd in Hollywood, following the premiere of her new movie "Part of Me," she partied the night away with none other than Justin Bieber, … Continue …
 
