While Selena Gomez tickets are not available, you might be interested in these similar artists:  Motley Crue tickets , Roger Waters tickets , Neil Young tickets , Cheap Trick tickets , Aerosmith tickets .
Selena Gomez Concert Tickets
Selena Gomez on E! Network
Following a minor health scare, Selena Gomez is back on track and continuing her promotional tour for her new movie Monte Carlo and preparing for shows with her band The Scene.  As part of her PR blitz, Gomez is also being featured on an E! Network special about the life of a teen popstar.  In the show, Gomez opens up about her parents' divorce and the struggles she went through in coping with it.  Selena Gomez's new album When the Sun Goes Down is out now and Selena Gomez tickets are on sale right here.  Also, check Selena Gomez out in Washington with Puyallup Fair tickets !
Selena Gomez Released from Hospital
Selena Gomez fans breathed a collective sigh of relief when the young starlet emerged unscathed from her recent hospitalization following an interview on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno.  While most people though it was Leno’s relentlessly mediocre schtick that made the young actress sick, it appears that it was actually a mix of exhaustion and food poisoning that brought on her headache and nausea and not the late night host’s weak jokes.  Selena Gomez tour dates 2011 are still on the Selena Gomez concert schedule despite her mysterious illness.  For further Selena Gomez information about her condition, check the Selena Gomez website.
Selena Gomez Hospitalized
After appearing on Jay Leno's Tonight Show recently, Selena Gomez was checked in to a hospital for what her spokeperson called a routine examination.  Gomez has been on a promtional tour for her new movie Monte Carlo.  Prior to being admitted, there were reports of Selena having a severe headache and feeling nauseous.
About Selena Gomez
Your favorite Disney star has finally branched out on her own! Selena Gomez is pop's next hottest thing and we have Selena Gomez tickets available right now! Selena Marie Gomez was born in Grand Prairie, TX in 1992. She aspired to be just like her mother who did lots of theatre; Selena told People Magazine, "My mom did a lot of theater, and I would watch her rehearse. When she got ready for the show and put on her makeup, I would sit behind her and color. She said 'You have my lines memorized better than I do!' One day I said, 'I want to be just like you!.' And she did just that!
Selena began acting at age 7 on "Barney & Friends" with Demi Lovato . She then continued on to star in small roles on Spy Kids 3-D:Game Over and Walker, Texas Ranger. The Disney channel picked up on the budding star and had her guest star on "The Suite Life of Zach and Cody" and "Hannah Montanna" before ultimately starring in the "Wizards of Waverly Place" as Alex Russo, the show would eventually branch off into a made-for-tv-movie. She can also be seen in Another Cinderella Story and as part of the cast of Horton Hears a Who!. In 2009, Selena starred opposite Demi Lovato on the highly anticipated Disney movie Princess Protection Program. Besides getting on the road and selling those Selena Gomez tickets - Selena has quite a few acting gigs in the works: she has signed on to play the lead in Ramona and Beezus, What Boys Want and Monte Carlo and was attached to star in the film Thirteen Reasons.
Selena first entered the music biz when she recorded a cover of "Cruella de Vil" for "DisneyMania 6" and then "Fly to Your Heart: for the Tinker Bell soundtrack in 2008 leaving fans wondering when Selena Gomez tickets would go on sale. Selena Gomez has collaborated with the Jonas Brothers and Forever the Sickest Kids. She has also receorded tracks for the "Wizards of Waverly Place" soundtrack and Princess Protection Program.
Selena would go on to form Selena Gomez & the Scene with guitarist Ethan Rober, bassist Joey Clement, drummer Greg Garman and keyboardist Dane Forrest in 2008 releasing their debut studio album "Kiss and Tell" in 2009. The album debuted at number 9 skyrocketing Selena Gomez tickets sales for her mini promo Selena Gomez tour. Selena Gomez & the Scene would perform on Dancing With the Stars Season 9. Shortly afterward, Selena Gomez tickets would go on sale for a successful Selena Gomez Tour of the House of Blues throughout North America and England. Selena would also perform with Justin Bieber and Rihanna on the Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest special.  The band completed their second album A Year Without Rain and released the hit singles Naturally and Round and Round to fans rabid for a Selena Gomez tour and Selena Gomez tickets.
Besides her hit and popular singles, Selena Gomez has her own fashion line (Dream Out Loud), production company (July Moon Productions) and is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.   In 2011, Selena was scheduled to release an album featuring the tracks Who Says, Hit the Lights and a song penned by none other than pop icon Britney Spears.  Selena Gomez has also been linked to tween sensation Justin Bieber.  Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber confirmed the rumor by walking the red carpet together at the Vanity Fair Oscar party.  In the midst of her jet-setting, rock star itinerary, Gomez has managed to fit a Disney Channel reality TV show into the mix inspired by Ashton Kutcher’s Punk’d.  Don’t miss this chance to get in on the action, pick up your Selena Gomez concert tickets now at TicketLiquidator!
Romona and Beezus
You've got your Selena Gomez tickets (if not you've landed at the right place - just scroll up for a great selection of cheap Selena Gomez tickets) but have you seen Selena's latest movie "Romona and Beezus?" Selena plays the big sister (Beezus) to an adventurous and clumsy Ramona. Romana's sense of mischief serves her well when the family's house is in trouble. Are you as excited to see this movie as we are?! We hear that Selena is working on another blockbuster - we'll update you with details as soon as they're released!
 Other Popular Events
