>>Ashley Benson Joins 'Spring Breakers'
Posted by Bing on 2012 Feb 02
Ashley Benson is going on spring break with Vanessa Hudgens and Selena Gomez. Deadline reports that the 22-year-old Pretty Little Liars actress has booked a role in the flick from Harmony Korine. Emma Roberts dropped out of the film earlier this month.
Set to start filming on February 12th in Florida, Spring Breakers follows four gorgeous college-age girls rob a fast food restaurant in order to afford a spring break trip to Florida. When they¡¯re arrested, they meet up with a drug and arms dealer (James Franco) who entices them to kill his arch rival.
Source: JustJaredJr
>>News: Demi Lovato Says Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez Were There For Her During Her Dark Days
Posted by Nancy on 2012 Jan 06
It's no secret that Demi Lovato is back on the Hollywood scene after dropping off the map briefly in late 2010; first there was her hard-to-miss appearance in that dress at the Latin Grammy Awards, and now she's the cover girl for February's Seventeen! But while Demi is clearly happy, healthy and back on track after her time in rehab, she's not afraid of some Real Talk about the rough patch she went through to get here—and in her feature interview, she opens up about just how bad things got and which famous ladies helped her on her way to getting well.
When asked about the problems she faced a year ago, Demi is blunt: "I’m not gonna lie. I was self-medicating. I was doing things like drinking and using [drugs], like a lot of teens do to numb their pain."
And between her substance abuse and confessed struggle with an eating disorder, there's no doubt that she had a lot of work to do before she could fully heal—but now, she says, she's beaten her demons.
I don’t drink, I don’t do drugs, I don’t throw up after my meals, I don’t starve myself," she said. "There’s nothing that I do that I feel ashamed of."
And if you're thinking that she couldn't have made it without help, you're right: "There were two people [who were there for me]," Demi confirmed. "No matter how many times we fight, we will always be in each others’ lives. [Miley Cyrus and I] are very strong-headed, so when we fight, it’s brutal and we’re like, ‘We’re never going to be friends again!’ Then two days later, we’re like, ‘I love you and I miss you!’ Selena [Gomez] and I, we never fight. She’s not a confrontational person at all. Both of them will never leave my life no matter what happens, because we’ve been through so much together."
The takeaway? Even celebs need a BFF to lean on.
Source: MTV
>>Video: We Own the Night: Dream Out Loud!
Posted by Nancy on 2011 Aug 31
Check out this video of Selena's Dream Out Loud signing! =D
>>Video: Fashion at the VMA's
Posted by Nancy on 2011 Aug 30
We've added a video about Miley, Demi, and Selena's VMA fashion!! Enjoy! =D
>>Glamour Magazine Scans
Posted by Nancy on 2011 Aug 21
Check out these scans of Selena in Glamour Magazine for September! Enjoy! =D
>>TCA's
Posted by Nancy on 2011 Aug 21
I've finally added pics of Selena at the TCA's! I've had some computer problems so thank you for being patient! I'll be updating the gallery over the next few days.
>>Demi Talks about Miley, Selena, and Her New Album
Posted by Nancy on 2011 Aug 04
Check out this interview of Demi talking about Miley, Selena, and her upcoming album! She also talks about her dreams of shoes and more! Enjoy! =D
