Sponsored Links
Selena Gomez
Apart from her hit and also popular single people, Selena has her very own design line (Dream Out Loud), manufacturing company (July Moon Shows) and is also a UNICEF a positive manner Ambassador. In the year 2011, Selena was scheduled to produce an album showcasing the paths That Says, Hit the Lighting plus a song [...]
Selena Gomez Age
Most of the teenage girls, especially, late teens, who are in Selena Gomez age, spend their time in getting up with their appearance. They want to be attractive and trendy with different styles. They want to be among friends most of the times and busy is gossips .But Selena Gomez in so young age just [...]
Selena Gomez
Beautiful, charming, gorgeous teen American superstar having black curly hairs whose trademark is her smile, Selena Gomez carries all this. Selena Gomez is the only child in her family. Selena Gomez was born in 1992 in Grand Prairie, Texas. Her mother Amanda Cornett is an Italian woman from Dallas and her father Ricardo Gomez is [...]
Selena Gomez bio
With the rising career and heights of success Selena Gomez bio got much space in media gossips. No one can stay without astonishing when he/ she sees Selena Gomez bio that a 19-years old girl and so much work she has done up till now. Selena with full name Selena Marie Gomez born in Grand [...]
Selena Gomez Background
Selena Gomez Background seems awesome on your desktop. The best thing about Selena Gomez Background is that those are fresh in look and you feel happy when you see cute and charming Selena Gomez smiling on your desktop screen. She is a charming teen star and is present is the hearts of millions all over [...]
December 13th, 2011
admin
About Selena Gomez This is no more a surprising thing when people ask about Selena Gomez. Selena Gomez is a stunning actress and singer who from very early age took start of her career. And now she is approaching heights o fame and success. Because she is considered among top American celebrities who are recognized [...]
