By admin on Saturday, May 28th, 2011 | No Comments
Selena Gomez and her beau Justin Bieber just can’t seem to get enough of each other on their “honeymoon” like trip to Maui, Hawaii.  They are seen here in the following video, smooching and touching each other.  The young couple seems to not care that the paparazzi are following their every move and slip of the hand.  They have been seen para-sailing in the ocean, jet-skiing, and just hanging out.  Stay tuned more videos to come!
By admin on Wednesday, May 25th, 2011 | No Comments
Check out the latest video below with Selena Gomez in her bikini and her boyfriend Justin Bieber shirtless, as the young couple hang out in Hawaii, hand in hand in late May 2011.  Enjoy!
By admin on Monday, February 14th, 2011 | 1 Comment
…Three years ago, in 2008, Selena Gomez’s career was continuing to rise. Gomez landed a major role in the film production Another Cinderella Story (a direct to DVD movie) and also a minor voice acting role in the major film Horton Hears a Who!
At this point, Selena Gomez was beginning to receive some publicity – she was ranked as one of the up and coming “Kid Stars to Watch”, by Forbes Magazine. In 2009, Disney Channel directed and made a TV movie, Princess Protection Program , starring Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato.
Selena Gomez also appeared as herself in Lovato’s Disney show Sonny With A Chance for one episode. She also made an appearance, along with two other co-stars from Waverly Place , in a three-show crossover episode, along with stars from The Suite Life on Deck and Hannah Montana . These are only a few of many appearances Gomez has on the Disney Channel.
Selena Gomez also took some time to explore a growing music career in 2008. In that year, Gomez sang over a cover song of “ Cruella de Vil ”, and also performed in a music video. This song was released in the music album DisneyMania 6 . Selena Gomez also took some time to record multiple songs for another album – the Another Cinderella Story soundtrack.
Selena Gomez also recorded another song – the “ Fly to Your Heart ” single released in the 2008 movie, Tinker Bell . All her hard work, along with her musical talent, finally came to fruition when the label Hollywood Records (a company owned by Disney) signed her to a recording deal when she was only 15.
In 2009, Selena Gomez formed a band, entitled Selena Gomez & the Scene , consisting of Gomez as vocals, Ethan Roberts playing guitar, and Greg Carman on drums. Dane Forrest (keyboard player) and Joey Clement as a bassist rounded out the group. The band’s debut album was entitled Kiss and Tell , with a single from the album, “ Naturally ”, garnering Platinum status from the RIAA.
By admin on Thursday, February 10th, 2011 | 2 Comments
This video of Selena Gomez in her bikini shows her hanging out with friends and having a great day at the beach.  Selena Gomez bikini photos are wonderful to look at.  I hope you all enjoy the great scenery of Ms. Gomez.
By admin on Thursday, January 20th, 2011 | No Comments
Selena  Marie Gomez was born on July 22, 1992. The American-born actress and musician has gained quite a strong following in the United States and abroad. A known United Nation’s Children’s Fund (UNICEF) Goodwill Ambassador, Selena Gomez has come a long way from her modest beginnings.
Born in the town of Grand Prairie, Texas in the Deep South, Selena Gomez’s father was of Mexican American descent, while her mother is half Italian. Selena Gomez’s mother was a former stage actress; her name is Mandy Teefey. When her parents divorced at the age of 5, Teefey raised Gomez alone afterwards.
Selena Gomez was named after the Tejano singer Selena . Selena Gomez grew up homeschooled, and earned her high school degree by doing so as well. In addition, Gomez revealed in an interview with People Magazine that she developed an interest in acting after she watched her mother practice and act in theater in her youth. These passions lead Gomez to start acting herself, and she displayed a natural knack for it.
At the tender age of seven, Selena Gomez began her career as an actress. She played one of the students on Barney & Friends , the PBS children’s show in her first role. She also made appearances in Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over and Walker, Texas Ranger: Trial by Fire, both movies. At the age of 12, the Disney Channel discovered Selena Gomez during a scouting program across the United States.
As Selena Gomez moved to the Disney Channel, her personal profile grew. Soon she was a guest star on the sitcom The Suite Life of Zack & Cody . On Hannah Montana , she landed a recurring role in two seasons. Finally in 2007 Selena Gomez got a show of her own – Disney sitcom Wizards of Waverly Place . She would also star in  Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie . 
By admin on Friday, January 7th, 2011 | 7 Comments
Selena Gomez bikini information coming very soon!
Recent Posts
