Famous for… lead role in Wizards of Waverly Place
Trademark: dark hair, pretty smile
Achievements: Kiss & Tell certified Gold by RIAA; single, “Naturally”, certified Platinum; cast member of Emmy Award winning show Wizards of Waverly Place
SELENA GOMEZ LYRICS ON LYRICS.com
Selena Gomez  is an actress and singer-songwriter, well known for her lead role on the Emmy Award winning Disney Channel Original Series Wizards of Waverly Place . Selena has also starred in Another Cinderella Story, Princess Protection Program and Ramona and Beezus.
She was born in Grand Prairie, Texas to Ricardo Gomez and former stage actress Mandy Teefey. Selena is of Mexican, Italian and English descent. Her parents divorced when she was five years-old and was raised as an only child by her working mother.
Selena developed an early interest in acting after watching her mother perform in theater productions. Prior to Disney , she landed a role with Demi Lovato on Barney & Friends. She got into singing shortly thereafter. Sel was discovered by Disney via a nation-wide casting call.
In 2010, Selena Gomez & the Scene released their second studio album, A Year Without Rain . The album debuted on the US Billboard 200 at number four. In 2011, the group will release another album as Gomez also wraps up the final season of Wizards of Waverly Place.
Interests: Selena cites science as her favorite subject and basketball as her favorite sport. Her favorite actress and biggest role model is Rachel McAdams. Shes likes to listen to Paramore. Sel also enjoys cheerleading, surfing and skateboarding. Her favorite sneaker brand is  Converse . Last but not least, Gomez is an animal lover with four dogs — Chip, Willy, Fina and Wallace.
Personal Quotes:
“Be yourself always, there’s no one better!”
“I was never the girl who thought I need to make sure I look like all the other girls. I think you look best when you stand out.”
“I wanted to be like my friends. I hung out with girls who had blue eyes and blond hair and I thought, ‘I want to look like them!’”
“For me, the person that I really admire because they came from this Disney world would be Shia LaBeouf. He had his own show on Disney Channel. He was really funny and I loved his show. Then he started to do films. Now he is doing really great films and he is respected as an actor. I really like him a lot as an actor. I think he is cute, too, so that helps. I feel that I can relate to him the most.”
—
