'Snow White and the Huntsman' trailer: five awesome moments
March 19, 2012 |  1:50 pm
"Snow White and the Huntsman" dropped a few more apples Monday morning, after its leads Kristen Stewart and Charlize Theron appeared at WonderCon over the weekend.
In a blissfully extended five-minute trailer, a lot of light (and dark) is shed on the motives of evil queen Charlize and the righteous Snow Stewart, plus some seriously burly moments from "Thor" himself, Chris Hemsworth.
The Ministry's five awesome moments from the "Snow White and the Huntsman" extended trailer (watch it at Xfinity TV ) are:
London calling: We heard rumblings that Stewart's character speaks in a proper English accent, now confirmed. She's doing herself pretty proud (and let's face it, all that, um, time with "Twilight" costar Robert Pattinson must have helped in developing her dialect).
The dwarves: While the competing Snow White film "Mirror, Mirror" features a zany pack of dwarves sprinting and doing their Disney-esque shtick, the band of men we meet in this "Hunstman" are serious in an exciting way. Part of a kingdom disenfranchised by the queen, they recognize Stewart as salvation and help Hemsworth lead her into battle. And speaking of ...
Chris Hemsworth, you guys: He's just all kinds of yes in this, and before you get on us for the beefcake thing -- there's nary a shirt off or chainmail vest on bare skin. He's all man power, and some of the action sequences look up to snuff with hard-core Hemsworth projects such as "The Avengers." 
Beauty is only as deep as Charlize will cut you: Seriously, Theron isn't anyone to mess with. Earlier glimpses of her matriarch Ravenna showed a gold-clad, aging pageant queen with a penchant for murder. She's so much more: delusional, psychotic, maniacal, impulsive and a total rage case. Plus a chilling laugh.
This quote: "I will give this wretched world the queen it deserves," Theron slithers in an updated theatrical trailer (below). Yes, Charlize. Yes, you will.
Below is the newest, 2 3/4-minute theatrical trailer:
 
