Charlize Theron wants X-ray vision
In an interview with British lifestyle magazine FHM , Charlize Theron admits that she would love to have X-ray vision for a day. "For a day, it would be fun to have X-ray vision where you can see people on the street naked." In the same mag, she also complained that the size of her boobs is preventing her from being offered more roles in action movies, since directors can then not shoot any "boob bouncing scenes"...
Charlize Theron receives GLAAD award
Charlize Theron has received a reward from the American organisation GLAAD (Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation). This Vanguard award, handed out to people who raise public awareness of gay issues, went to Theron after she commented that she will not marry boyfriend Stuart Townsend until it is also possible for gays and lesbians to get married.
Paris Hilton to put Charlize Theron out of business?
Try to read the next news item without laughing too hard: Paris Hilton has warned Charlize Theron that pretty soon, the pair will be going up for the same movie roles. According to Paris' acting coach, her acting coach told her that she has a style and presence that are very similar to that of Charlize, and that they may end up vying for the same parts. Somehow, I don't think Charlize is too concerned...
Charlize Theron in new Ang Lee movie
Charlize Theron has signed on the dotted line to star in the new movie by Ang Lee. The movie, a biopic of singer Dusty Springfield, will also star Kate Moss as Springfield's (settle down boys) lesbian lover. No word yet when shooting will start, but I'm guessing we can expect this movie to come out sometime next year.
Charlize Theron named woman of the year
Charlize Theron was named woman of the year at the recent Elle Style Awards. The editors of the British edition of Elle chose Theron, and named Rachel Weisz the year's most stylish actress. Theron was suitably impressed and attended the ceremony to receive the award.
Charlize Theron as Bond Girl?
Charlize Theron is now the most likely candidate to become the next Bond girl. Angelina Jolie used to be director Martin Campbell's favorite, but Theron has, according to the IMDB , bewitched both director and producers. She did mention that she would love the role, but it would have to be 'toughened up' a little bit.
Aeon Flux gets slaughtered by critics
Charlize Theron's new movie Aeon Flux has been slaughtered by critics. The movie was only screened to critics after the release date, and it is clear why. "This is by far the year's worst movie," said the New York Post, while the Chicago Sun-Times adds that Charlize is the latest Oscar winning actress "to squader her clout by appearing in terrible films."
"While fun to watch Charlize Theron prance around in spandex, the film is a chore to sit through," says FilmJerk.com. I'm guessing that word of mouth will slaughter this movie at next weekend's box office, but I doubt Theron's rep will be too damaged by this. That is, of course, unless she keeps appearing in movies like this (I'm still reserving judgement of the movie until I have seen it myself, the trailer looks pretty slick).
Theron studied gecko's for Aeon Flux
According to the New York Post, Charlize Theron has studied gecko's in order to prepare well for her role in new movie Aeon Flux. She did this so her movements would be as fluid as possible. The stunt coordinator of the movie, Charlie Croughwell, said about this: "There was a scene where Charlize runs on all fours and her belly's only three to four inches off the ground, so we watched National Geohgraphic videos of gecko's to analyze their movements." But Theron implied that all this study was hardly necessary. "I'm from Africa. I know all about gecko's. I used to play 'Alcatraz' with them in my back yard!"
December 05, 2005 in News | Permalink | Comments (0)
Crazy about movies
