Kristen Stewart bumps Jolie as highest-paid actress
Reuters - Tue, Jun 19, 2012 12:06 PM PDT
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kristen Stewart, who shot to fame as Bella Swan in "The Twilight Saga" films and has a starring role in "Snow White and the Huntsman", jumped … More »Kristen Stewart bumps Jolie as highest-paid actress
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kristen Stewart, who shot to fame as Bella Swan in "The Twilight Saga" films and has a starring role in "Snow White and the Huntsman", jumped to the top of Forbes.com's annual list of highest-paid actresses on Tuesday. The 22-year-old earned an estimated $34.5 million from May 2011 to May 2012 and pushed …
First Look: Angelina as 'Maleficent'
The Insider - Tue, Jun 19, 2012 7:16 AM PDT
Watch out Charlize Theron because there's a new evil queen in town! More »First Look: Angelina as 'Maleficent'
Watch out Charlize Theron because there's a new evil queen in town!
"Madagascar 3" romps over Cruise, Sandler films
Reuters - Sun, Jun 17, 2012 7:22 PM PDT
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The animals of "Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted" held the top spot on U.S. and Canadian box office charts for a second straight weekend … More »"Madagascar 3" romps over Cruise, Sandler films
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The animals of "Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted" held the top spot on U.S. and Canadian box office charts for a second straight weekend with $35.5 million, beating new films from Tom Cruise and Adam Sandler, according to studio estimates on Sunday. The third "Madagascar" movie about the misadventures …
Tom Cruise's Rock of Ages Flops at Weekend Box Office
Us Weekly - Sun, Jun 17, 2012 4:15 PM PDT
The big screen adaptation of the '80s rock musical -- costarring Julianne Hough and Russell Brand -- debuted to a disappointing $15.1 million More »Tom Cruise's Rock of Ages Flops at Weekend Box Office
The big screen adaptation of the '80s rock musical -- costarring Julianne Hough and Russell Brand -- debuted to a disappointing $15.1 million
‘Pretty Little Liars,’ ‘Teen Wolf’ & More Score Teen Choice Nominations
HollywoodLife.com - Thu, Jun 14, 2012 8:39 AM PDT
The second wave of 2012 Teen Choice Awards nominations have been announced. Find out if your favorites made the cut! It’s official: the Teen Choice Awards have more … More »‘Pretty Little Liars,’ ‘Teen Wolf’ & More Score Teen Choice Nominations
The second wave of 2012 Teen Choice Awards nominations have been announced. Find out if your favorites made the cut! It’s official: the Teen Choice Awards have more categories than every other awards show on the planet combined — but that’s OK, because it means all of HollywoodLife.com‘s favorite shows (Pretty Little Liars, …
 
