NEW YORK – Charlize Theron won a best-actress Academy Award for playing a physically repugnant killer in 2003's Monster. But in the black comedy Young Adult, she's just as  terrifying, and she looks exactly like herself.
By Todd Plitt, USA TODAY
Charlize Theron stars as as struggling author in her new movie, which expands to theaters nationwide on Friday.
Enlarge Close
By Todd Plitt, USA TODAY
Charlize Theron stars as as struggling author in her new movie, which expands to theaters nationwide on Friday.
Sponsored Links
Theron's Mavis Gary is  trouble —  an author of teen fiction and a narcissistic former prom queen with a non-existent moral compass. She  returns to her small Minnesota  town to win back her high school boyfriend Buddy, who's now married with a newborn daughter. As Mavis, Theron is a one-woman cyclone of destruction who spends her days either chasing Buddy or getting drunk  with a disabled  former classmate (Patton Oswalt) whom she alternately mocks or dismisses.
Yet for Theron, Mavis Gary is a ravishing work of art.
"I'd be blind to not see the potential in the character. These are the kinds of roles women wait for," Theron says. "Yeah, it scared me. There's so much about her — when you hold up the mirror, you see almost too much you don't want to acknowledge. But that coincides with what makes my job exciting."
The performance has earned Theron, whose career has been more sluggish than spectacular the past few years, first-rate reviews and put her back on Oscar watch lists. Director Jason Reitman says he can't imagine anyone else inhabiting his unapologetically prickly heroine.
"I just knew how tricky this character would be. In the screenplay, Mavis is nuanced and troubled. All that could have been done away with if the actress decided to portray Mavis as some sort of caricature. Charlize has a way of showing how broken she was," says Reitman. "She's fearless in her approach. Most actors would find a way to tell the audience that they're nothing like the character. It takes (courage) to stare this character this straight down."
Such is Theron's clear-eyed commitment to the role that when Mavis utters a three-word line at the end of the film that is so despicably, deliciously nasty, you  end up applauding her for it. Mavis is thoughtless, selfish and rude.  She sleeps around. She ignores her dog, Dolce. And she has a bad habit of tugging out pieces of her hair, once her golden crowning glory  in school. But Theron wasn't deterred by Mavis' venom.
"I didn't try to make her a human being. I really believed that she was," says Theron, 36. "There's so much about this that's hard for me to admit, that I've done things like this to get through the day.
"She does things that are really despicable. But overall, the survival techniques — the meanness, the lying about her life being so great — are things we can relate to."
As are Mavis' rough mornings. Somehow, the dazzlingly gorgeous Theron — the face of Dior, the cover girl of Vogue, the icy-glam red-carpet presence — looks icky and worn out in the film. There she is, waking up bleary and hung over, guzzling Diet Coke while wearing a crusty T-shirt. And that's her, drunkenly removing her dress, with her cleavage-enhancing chicken cutlets uncomfortably askew, making her breasts look misshapen and her body seem past its prime.
As real as real gets
Yes, that was all her idea. "The chicken cutlets came out of a story I'd experienced with a boy. I had to wear those. The girls who don't have boobs live for those — are you kidding?"
For the role, Reitman says, Theron wanted to look as real as she could, as clichéd as that might sound.
"Charlize was doing her own makeup. She was making her eyes as ugly as possible. She said, 'We should make my hair look thinner' and 'When I get naked, there cannot be one sexy thing about it, it should be awkward and sad,' " he says. "Mavis is a person who is very focused on how she presents herself to the world. Charlize was instrumental in creating those looks."
Indeed, Oswalt says, "Charlize wanted to show what she looked like in the morning, with no makeup, with a bit of a gut. She was so committed. In Monster, she gained weight and had prosthetics on. And here, she plays such a horrible person. There was nowhere to hide."
So convincing is Theron that one has to wonder whether she's somehow playing a younger version of herself.
"No way," she retorts.
The actress didn't draw on her own high school experience in South Africa to play Mavis, but she could relate to being one of Mavis' victims. In primary school, Theron was shut out from the in crowd, something that still sticks with her.
"Emotionally, it hurt me. But by the time I was in high school, I was so focused on ballet and wasn't sitting around worrying about that stuff. In a way, I got that out of the way by the time I was 13 or 14.
"My school was really mellow. It was an art school.  We didn't have anyone in our school that was really that extreme. There was the popular girl. There were two girls — they were nice girls, they weren't evil. Not a lot of people dated. I didn't date. I wore these huge Sally Jessy Raphael glasses, and boys don't like those."
Suffice to say, that has changed dramatically for Theron, who in person is  astonishingly foxy. But it's her salty, acerbic and thoroughly ribald sensibility that ultimately sticks with you. "I don't know how she does it," Reitman says. "When I met her, I was completely intimidated by her beauty. She finds a way to dim the light bulb and be a normal, lovely, really darkly funny person."
A Kardashian fan
For starters, she's  enamored with a certain ebony-haired reality TV family. When told that this reporter  spent time covering the Kardashians, Theron leans back and demands details. "Really. Oh. My. God. Tell me everything. What did you do?" she asks, before precisely mimicking Kim Kardashian 's mellifluous voice. "Kourtney. Stop."
As for her relationship with Twilight's Kristen Stewart, who plays Snow White to Theron's Evil Queen in next year's lavish production of Snow White and the Huntsman? "We totally get it on. She doesn't know it yet, but I've been working on some rewrites," Theron cracks.
She  also has navigated celebrity admirably, revealing just enough to be interesting without  selling out her privacy. She'll glow at you from magazine covers, but you have no idea what Theron just had for dinner.
And  tabloid buzz of a clandestine relationship with Ryan Reynolds aside, you have little insight into whom she's dating (after a long relationship with Irish actor Stuart Townsend ended last year).
"I don't want to talk about it too much because I'm scared things will change. I've never been that way. I've never been OK with it. Those values have sustained for me.
"I don't really talk about my personal life and I don't really talk about my relationships. I'm not a big partier. I like the simplicity of my life, and I've chosen the kind of life I really want to live. I don't think my life is boring at all."
'Blessed' with friendship
Theron's idea of being out of control? Gorging on ham during a recent trip through Spain with one of her close girlfriends. "I gained two dress sizes," she says, and arrived stateside just in time to shoot her most recent Vogue cover.
"There's this kind of idea that someone like me would be horrible with women. That acknowledgment that if you look a certain way, you can't be a girl's girl. I have way deeper relationships with girls than I do with guys. I get along with guys. The women in my life are the ones who move me. It sounds so  hokey, but I've been blessed with incredible women in my life."
Of course, being friends with Theron has its perks. Among them: access to her wardrobe, which she says isn't too egregious.
"All of that stuff is really nice. I do have a bit of a guilty — I don't know if it's the African in me — but I'm one person and how much makeup do I need? I have a normal-sized closet. I donate things. I don't have a nature in me to want things in excess. I actually don't like it.
"A lot of times, I will auction it off and have it go to charity. And my friends benefit a lot. I call it Narnia. When I see a girlfriend and say, 'I like that top,' she's like, 'Narnia, from your closet.' "
For now, the actress is focused on more practical pursuits. After three years of small roles in small films (among them The Road and The Burning Plain), Theron is back with a vengeance worthy of Mavis.
She wrapped Ridley Scott 's alien thriller Prometheus, opposite current it-guy Michael Fassbender , and showcases her nefarious side again as Queen Ravenna in Snow White. And then she's heading to Australia to shoot Fury Road, part of the Mad Max franchise, in the desert. "I'll come back looking like a leather handbag," she quips.
Should her schedule clear up, Reitman is ready to go a second time. "I can't wait to work with her again. I'm closer to her than probably any actor I've worked with. She has a practical way of viewing the world, and she's killer in the way she approaches her career and her work."
As for Theron, she's nothing if not appreciative. "I'm very blessed," she says. "You find yourself in a very fortunate position when you don't have to go do something to pay the rent."
For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com .
Posted
| Updated
USA TODAY is now using Facebook Comments on our stories and blog posts to provide an enhanced user experience. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then "Add" your comment. To report spam or abuse, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find out more, read the FAQ and Conversation Guidelines . 
 
