Charlize Theron, Jessica Biel Nude Dresses at Golden Globes
Champagne Gowns Dominate the Red Carpet at the 2012 Golden Globes
Embed:
Updated Feb 28 2012 - 6:00pm ·                 Posted
Jan 16 2012 - 2:19pm
See More: Kate Beckinsale , Jessica Biel , Charlize Theron , Katharine McPhee , Roberto Cavalli , Christian Dior , Golden Globe Awards , Fab Flash , Elie Saab , FabSugarTV , winter fashion
Champagne-colored gowns dominated the red carpet at the 2012 Golden Globes. From Charlize Theron to Kate Beckinsale , we spotted a lot of celebrities wearing this refreshing hue for the evening. We can't wait to see if this soft nude palette continues to be a red-carpet trend at the SAGs and Oscars!
View Transcript
Transcript
Hey there, it's Allison McNamera and you're watching our Golden Globe coverage on FabFlash. The bubbly was flowing last night at the sixty-ninth annual Golden Globe Awards and champagne colored gowns dominated the red carpet. Everyone from Kate Beckinsale to Charlize Theron opted for this subtle nude hue.   First up, Charlize Theron stunned in a blushing nude Christian Dior. Bustled at the hip to show off some leg, Charlize looked both sweet and sexy. She added in a touch of glitz with a sparkly brooch and kept the rest of her accessories monochromatic. She complimented her look with a cute headband and sun-kissed skin.   Jessica Biel chose the long sleeve Ilisaab gown on the more conservative side. Proving that showing off skin isn't the only way to be sexy. We love the sheer peek-a-boo effect of the dress. She kept her look au natural with soft makeup and loose locks. Wow, Kate Beckinsale simply stunning Roberto Cavalli gown for the occasion.   The strapless neckline and swept up hair showcased her gorgeous diamond earrings, and she continued to pile on the sparkle with show-stopping bracelets. Also, in champagne, Katharine McPhee selected a Donna Karan embellished corset gown for the evening. She completed her midi length dress with nude platform pumps that really help elongate her legs.   We'll be watching to see if nude-colored gowns will still be a hot color at the SAGs and Oscars. I'm Allison McNamara. See you next time on Fab Flash on FabSugar TV.
