Patrick Wilson and Charlize Theron play a former high school couple who…
Charlize Theron desperately seeks Patrick Wilson  in ‘Young Adult’
JOE NEUMAIER
Thursday, December 08, 2011
If, as the saying goes, life is just like high school, then Mavis Gary is at the head of the class. She’s thuddingly self-absorbed, miserably possessive, rude and constantly shoveling out insults to make up for her own insecurities.
Oh, and Mavis is 37 years old. Whatevs.
But when first seen in Jason Reitman’s perfectly observed black comedy “Young Adult,” Mavis (Charlize Theron) is more of a lost soul than a hot chick (or mean girl). She oversleeps in her Minneapolis apartment, nursing Diet Coke from a 2-liter bottle and avoiding an ugly truth: She’s not who she thought she’d be growing up in small-town Mercury, Minn.
The series of young-adult books that Mavis writes under a pen name is being canceled. Under pressure to deliver a final manuscript, Mavis needs an escape and finds one when she gets a mass emailing from her ex-boyfriend Buddy (Patrick Wilson) about a party for his new baby. Mavis has fixated on Buddy since they broke up in the early ’90s, but the fact that he has moved on won’t keep her from heading to Mercury to restart the flame.
The setup for “Young Adult” is old-movie 101 — get a messed-up hero back to her roots — yet Reitman has an organic, astute feel for a certain kind of social smashup: He likes what happens when jackasses are set loose among decent people. His theory, as evidenced even more perfectly in “Thank You for Smoking” and “Up in the Air,” is that it’s the decent people who wind up learning something.
Theron, sassily subtle and totally comfortable downplaying her beauty (except when she uses it as a weapon), is a hot mess. In a tricky turn — one that’s not at all similar to Cameron Diaz in “Bad Teacher,” which this movie’s ads sadly recall — Theron hints why Mavis, despite proclamations of grownup success, only got to the fourth rung of the ladder.
And plunked on that first rung is Patton Oswalt in a terrific supporting turn as Matt, a geeky high school classmate of Mavis’. She may be stunted on the inside, but his wounds are physical after he was severely beaten as a teenager by rabid jocks. Though funny, Oswalt is far from comic relief; when Matt becomes Mavis’ drinking buddy, they click because each is dealing with acidic overload.
The script, by Diablo Cody (who won an Oscar for Reitman’s “Juno”), runs out of gas in its final act, after Mavis has a meltdown in front of Buddy’s cool wife (Elizabeth Reaser). But still, the film has a feel for the way life ends up just hanging around. “Young Adult” may at times be stuck between emotional gears, but that’s by design. Like its heroine, the movie refuses to pick up after itself.
Magic Moment: Mavis and Matt go to the woods where, years before, she lost her virginity and he lost his future.
FEATURED ARTICLES
