12 Red Flags Not to Ignore When You’re Dating
Boy, it's hard keeping up with these Hollywood stars and their love affairs. It seems like just yesterday that Green Lantern star Ryan Reynolds was engaged to Alanis Morissette. (Actually, that was four years ago.) Since then, Reynolds, 34, married and divorced Scarlett Johansson within three years. And now he appears to be dating... Charlize Theron !
Reynolds, 34, and Theron, 35, "have been dating -- for months!" a source tells Us Weekly . "They're exclusive, and it's very hush-hush."
If this is indeed true, they've been quite adept at dodging the paparazzi; there are no photos of them together to go along with the story. And frankly, Us Weekly has been quick to pair Theron with actors in the past. The magazine linked her with Keanu Reeves in an "Undercover Lovers" story last year. (Turns out they weren't dating).
In fact, just last month, Us reported that Theron -- who split from longtime beau, Irish actor Stuart Townsend, in 2010 -- had chatted up Prince Harry at a charity polo match. When reporters later asked about her love life, Charlize replied, "I'm single." What's more, she's since told Piers Morgan Tonight that she doesn't think she'll ever getting married .
Reynolds, meanwhile, has been romantically linked to pal Sandra Bullock and to The Change-Up costar Olivia
Wilde since breaking up with Johansson (though neither rumor has ever been substantiated). As it turns out, he shares Theron's reticence about marriage. ""I don't think I want to get married again, but you always reevaluate these things," he told Details in May, adding that he still hasn't completely gotten over his divorce.
Sounds like Reynolds and Theron have a lot in common, and they sure would make a photogenic couple. But not so fast! Just two weeks after finalizing their divorce, Reynolds and Johansson, 26, were spotted on Saturday having a "flirty" dinner together at Little Dom's in Hollywood, a source from the restaurant confirms to People .
Is Reynolds dating Theron -- or do he and Scarlett still have some unfinished business? Like we said, it sure is tough keeping track of these celebs and their romances!
