9
Charlize Theron Introduction
Charlize Theron is a South African-born American actress. She is best known for her Oscar-winning portrayal of the crazy man killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster. (Remember the one movie of hers you didn’t see because she was fat and ugly on the cover. That’s the one.)
Charlize Theron Life Story
Charlize wanted to be a ballet dancer when she was a child, but a knee injury when she was 15 ended that dream. So instead, Charlize bought a ticket to LA and never looked back. Her first movie was Children of the Corn Three and luckily, it is the worst movie she has ever done (OK maybe it’s a tie between this and Reindeer Games). She followed this with larger roles in films like The Devil’s Advocate, The Cider House Rules, and Mighty Joe Young.  Even though Charlize had achieved great commercial success at this point she was largely considered just a pretty face. This changed in 2003 when she won the role of Aileen Wurnnos in Monster. Roger Ebert called her performance one of the best in the history of cinema. We’ll take his word on it.
Since then Charlize has starred in the sci-fi film Aeon Flux which performed poorly at the box office. Fortunately Charlize was paid a cool ten million up front, making her the seventh highest paid actress in Hollywood. (The other six being Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and Halle Berry.)
Charlize can be seen in the recent films Sleepwalking, Hancock, and Ice at the Bottom of the Lake.
Charlize made the Maxim 2012 Hot 100 List, coming in at number 16.
Charlize Theron on the Web
Charlize Theron: London Hotel Hottie | Celebrity-gossip.net Charlize Theron leaving Claridges Hotel in London, England on June 1, 2012.
Charlize Theron is 'Totally Open' to Joining 'Game of Thrones ... Charlize Theron takes a break from discussing her role in Ridley Scott's 'Alien' prequel 'Prometheus' to ponder (among other things) HBO's 'Game of Thrones', and whether aliens watch it too.
Charlize Theron Buzz
