Charlize Theron & Jackson Take Flight
Prometheus star Charlize Theron was photographed taking her son Jackson, 6 months, to Los Angeles International Airport to catch a flight out of California on Saturday (June 16). The Academy Award-winning actress tried to keep a low profile in a … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron & Jackson: Hats Off
Academy Award-winning actress Charlize Theron was spotted with her sweet son Jackson, 6 months, in Beverly Hills, Calif. on Monday (June 11). The mother-son duo were dressed in hats and bright colors as they went to the doctor’s office for … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron: Jackson “Freaked Out” On A Commercial Flight
He may be just 6 months old, but it seems that Charlize Theron‘s son Jackson is already used to the finer things in life… at least when it comes to air travel! Speaking to UK talk show host Graham Norton, … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron’s Favorite Bedtime Book: Go The F— To Sleep!
Since bringing her son Jackson home in March, Charlize Theron is becoming an expert on diaper duty and bedtime stories. The actress reveals a favorite funny book: Go the F-ck to Sleep. “A lot of people have sent me these … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron: The Adoption Process Was Difficult
New mom Charlize Theron and Twilight star Kristen Stewart look stunning on the cover of Interview‘s June/July issue. The Snow White and the Huntsman costars open up about their new film and family life. Charlize, on starting a family: “You … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron: “The Dogs Have Never Been More In Love”
As soon as actress Charlize Theron, 36, laid eyes on her adopted son Jackson in March, it was love at first sight. It seems her two furry, four-legged friends felt the very same way. “It was the most beautiful thing … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron & Jackson Arrive At LAX
Snow White and the Huntsman star Charlize Theron, 36, was seen arriving at the Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, Calif. on Tuesday (May 22) with her 6-month-old son Jackson. The adorable infant held on tightly to his mother … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron Totes Her Tot
Academy Award-winner Charlize Theron was photographed with her adorable son Jackson, 6 months, in Madrid on Thursday (May 17). The beautiful new mama – who “always knew” she would adopt – toted her tot close amidst the fans and paparazzi … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron: “I Always Knew I Would Adopt”
Academy Award-winning actress Charlize Theron, 36, who stars in Snow White and the Huntsman and Prometheus this summer, graces the cover of madison and opens up about adoption, being a single mom, and her biggest pet peeves in Hollywood. On … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron: “I Never Knew I Needed That Little Sleep”
Charlize Theron talks about juggling life as a single mother and having a rough childhood to Britain’s The Sun. On raising 6-month-old Jackson – she admits she gets little sleep. She says, “I’ve never felt more creative and with more … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron: I’ve Always Wanted To Experience Motherhood
Charlize Theron gets glam on the cover of InStyle‘s June issue, on newsstands May 18. The Oscar-winning actress, 36, who stars in Snow White and the Huntsman and Prometheus this June, opens up about 6-month-old son Jackson, aging, and relationships. … »» Read the article
Best Pictures Of The Week
We love seeing pictures of our favorite celebrities and their adorable families! And we’ve seen some great pics this week! On Tuesday, we caught our first glimpse of Charlize Theron‘s adorable son Jackson. We also spotted Sarah Michelle Gellar and … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron & Jackson: Private Jet Setters
Sporting sky-high heels, Academy Award-winning actress Charlize Theron carried her 6-month-old son Jackson close in Paris, France today (May 10). The pair were seen boarding a private jet to London, England from the Bourget Airport. In one of our first … »» Read the article
10 Celebrity Moms Celebrating First Mother’s Day
Happy Mother’s Day! In celebration of moms everywhere, let’s take a look at Hollywood’s newest matriarchs who will celebrate their first Mother’s Day on May 13. From Beyoncé, to Hilary Duff, to January Jones, to Jessica Simpson, look through our … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron & Jackson Touch Down In Paris
Bonjour, Paris! After departing from LAX yesterday, Charlize Theron and her 6-month-old son Jackson were seen arriving at Charles De Gaulle International Airport in Paris, France today (May 8). The new mom toted her adorable tot as they made their … »» Read the article
First Glimpse Of Charlize Theron’s Son Jackson
Meet baby Jackson! Academy Award-winning actress Charlize Theron was spotted with son Jackson, 6 months, in Los Angeles, Calif. on Monday (May 7). In our first glimpse of the adorable tot, the mother-son duo were seen departing from Los Angeles … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron Lunches With Her Lad
Oscar-winner Charlize Theron was seen with her son Jackson, whom she calls “the coolest kid ever.” The actress, 36, was all smiles as she carried her 4-month-old baby in a covered car seat into Little Dom’s on Saturday (April 14) … »» Read the article
Charlize Theron On Jackson: “Coolest Kid Ever”
New mom Charlize Theron gets glam on her first British Vogue cover, on stands April 9. In the May 2012 issue, the 36-year-old Snow White and the Huntsman star opens up about her “incredible” son Jackson and the joys of … »» Read the article
