Posted 9/22/11 6:08 pm EST by Josh Wigler in Marvel , News
The search to replace Kenneth Branagh as the director of the "Thor" sequel could well be at an end, as Marvel Studios have reportedly set their sights on a real "Monster."
Reports are coming in that Patty Jenkins, best known for directing Charlize Theron to Oscar-winning glory in "Monster" as well as recently helming the pilot episode of AMC's "The Killing," is in early talks to fly to Asgard as the director of "Thor 2."
If you were thinking that the director's position had already been filled, well, apparently you were wrong. Variety reports that Brian Kirk of "Game of Thrones" fame , previously the leading candidate for the "Thor 2" gig, opted out over missed "creative and financial sticking points." And don't forget, Tom Hiddleston himself told us recently that the deal for a new director was not yet set in stone.
"I don’t know that that’s actually confirmed," he told us. "That’s not me being coy. I spoke to Kevin Feige last week on [' The Avengers '] set and he said, 'Oh no, we haven’t got anyone yet. We’re thinking about people.' … I think [Kirk's] name is definitely in the hat, but I don’t think anything is solid."
Doesn't sound like his name is in the hat any longer, which is fine by me; best to keep him busy with the always awesome "Game of Thrones"! Besides, I think Jenkins is an interesting choice as a Branagh replacement; she's got dark and gritty down pat, and even if she's untested in the action adventure arena, so was Branagh when he was steering the good ship "Thor."
Also, not to get too far ahead of myself -- though, admittedly, maybe I already have based on this story's headline -- but between Jenkins' "Monster" and Chris Hemsworth working with Charlize Theron in "Snow White and the Huntsman," what are the odds that we get Theron as Enchantress in the "Thor" sequel? Because, good people, that would be phenomenally awesome casting. Universe (or Kevin Feige), make it so!
"Thor 2" flies into theaters in July, 2013.
Tell us what you think of Jenkins' possible "Thor" courtship in the comments section and on Twitter !
