Related video Watch the trailer
'Buried'
In 2010's "Buried," Reynolds plays an American truck driver whose convoy is ambushed. He finds himself buried alive with only a cell phone, knife, lighter and a few other things, and must try to save himself from suffocation. The film was praised for telling an intriguing story while limiting the audience's view to what's going on in the coffin. (Lionsgate) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Puttin' on the Ritz
Reynolds made a dashing appearance in black tie at the Academy Awards on Sunday, March 7, 2010. (Matt Sayles / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Cheers!
Reynolds and fellow presenter Maggie Gyllenhaal toast the evening at the 25th Film Independent Spirit Awards in Los Angeles on March 5, 2010. (Mario Anzuoni / Reuters) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Deadpool
In the 2011 film "Deadpool," Reynolds plays Wade Wilson, a highly-efficient mercenary with a secret superpowered identity. His weapon of choice is Japanese katana swords. (20th Century Fox) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Time to talk
Reynolds visits the "Late Show With David Letterman" at New York's Ed Sullivan Theater on June 17, 2009. (Ray Tamarra / Getty Images Contributor) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Will you marry me?
Reynolds and Sandra Bullock teamed up in the 2009 romantic comedy "The Proposal" as a couple thrown together by her hunt for American citizenship. (Touchstone Pictures) Share Back to slideshow navigation
On the red carpet
"Proposal" stars Reynolds and Bullock arrive at the MTV Movie Awards on May 31, 2009, in Universal City, Calif. (Chris Pizzello / AP) Share Back to slideshow navigation
'Adventureland'
Reynolds plays an amusement-park repair technician in 2009's "Adventureland." His character claims to have played a gig with Lou Reed, but his co-workers are doubtful. (Miramax Films) Share Back to slideshow navigation
'Definitely, Maybe'
In 2008's "Definitely, Maybe," Reynolds plays a dad who must tell his young daughter (played by Abigail Breslin) about his past. (Universal Pictures) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Wedded bliss
Reynolds wed actress Scarlett Johansson on Sept. 27, 2008, in British Columbia. The marriage ended in early 2011. (Rainer Jensen / EPA) Share Back to slideshow navigation
'Chaos Theory'
In 2007's "Chaos Theory," Reynolds played a time-management expert whose life is thrown into chaos when hs gets off of his highly regulated schedule. (Warner Bros.) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Race time
Reynolds served as grand marshal at the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Pocono 500 on June 7, 2009 in Long Pond, Penn. (Sam Greenwood / Getty Images) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
'Smokin' Aces'
In 2007's "Smokin' Aces," Reynolds and Ray Liotta play FBI agents working a case involving a Las Vegas comedian. () Share Back to slideshow navigation
May I take your order please?
In 2005's "Waiting...", Reynolds, Justin Long and Anna Faris play young employees battling boredom at Shenanigan's, a generic chain restaurant. (Lions Gate Films) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Get out of the house!
Reynolds played troubled homeowner George Lutz in the 2005 remake of 1979's "Amityville Horror," which documents the supposed paranormal happenings in a house where a man murdered his entire family. (MGM) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Support for Fox
Reynolds embraces Michael J. Fox at the "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Cure Parkinsons" benefit for the Michael J. Fox Foundation on Nov. 5, 2008 in New York. (Stephen Lovekin / Getty Images) Share Back to slideshow navigation
'Blade: Trinity'
Reynolds plays Hannibal King, the head of a vampire hunting group, in 2004's "Blade: Trinity." (New Line Cinema) Share Back to slideshow navigation
You oughta know
Alanis Morissette and Reynolds attend the 2003 MTV Movie Awards held at the Shrine Auditorium on May 31, 2003 in Los Angeles. The two announced their engagement in 2004, but broke up in 2007. Her album, "Flavors of Entanglement," was inspired by the breakup. (Kevin Winter / Getty Images) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
Ordering 'Pizza'
Reynolds, Traylor Howard and Richard Ruccolo starred in "Two Guys, a Girl, and a Pizza Place," a sitcom that ran on ABC from 1998 to 2001. (FX Networks via Everett Collection) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Advertise | AdChoices
School days
Reynolds, Kal Penn, "The Real World's" Teck Holmes, and Jason Winer star in 2002's "National Lampoon's Van Wilder." Reynolds plays the title role, a student who has no interest in graduating college even after seven years. (Artisan Entertainment) Share Back to slideshow navigation
Magic powers
Reynolds played the boyfriend of "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" in the 1996 film based on the Archie Comics character. Melissa Joan Hart starred as Sabrina, and would go on to play her in the seven-season TV series. (Showtime via Everett Collection) Share Back to slideshow navigation
