Latest Charlize Theron Gossip and News 5 of (2098)   View All Gossip >>
The hottest Charlize Theron gossip flowing through cyberspace.
John Madden To Direct "murder Mystery"
NEW YORK () - John Madden, director of summer sensation "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel," has signed on to direct "Murder Mystery," a whodunit comedy set up at Endgame Entertainment. Charlize Theron will produce and is in talks to star, though the st...
Wed June 13, 2012, 4:36 pm
LOS ANGELES () - Charlize Theron is ready to go a-feuding with NBC. The "Snow White and the Huntsman" actress has sold a modern-day version of the Hatfields and McCoys saga to the network, an individual with knowledge of the situation told...
Fri June 8, 2012, 12:28 pm
Why hasn't this happened yet!? The beautiful Charlize Theron has two HUGE movies out this weekend with Snow White and the Huntsman and the debut of Prometheus.  However, she also wouldn't mind appearing on one of television's biggest dramas either &#...
Thu June 7, 2012, 11:01 pm
<p>He wields Thor's mighty hammer with ease, but proud papa Chris Hemsworth goes to pieces when asked about his newborn daughter, India Rose.</p> <p><em>Access Hollywood</em> caught up with the handsome new dad - cu...
Wed June 6, 2012, 5:07 pm
Kevin Costner's "Hatfields & McCoys" miniseries stunned TV execs when more than 14.3 million viewers tuned in to the History channel to watch the final episode last Wednesday. Now Charlize Theron ......
Mon June 4, 2012, 12:18 pm
Latest Charlize Theron Videos 3 of (11)   View All Videos >>
Here are the latest and most popular Charlize Theron videos on the net.
Video Title: "Charlize theron / teri hatcher catfight"
Description: "The legendary spandex catfight between charlize theron and teri hatcher in "2 days in the valley" (1996)"
Video Title: "Charlize theron promotes new prometheus international trailer"
Description: "Charlize theron promotes the premiere of the international trailer for prometheus on march 17th. prometheus is in theaters june 8th.   a team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on ..."
Video Title: "Charlize theron's indecent proposal"
Description: "Charlize theron gets a marriage proposal from a journalist during a press conference at the film festival"
