2 Days In The Valley [DVD] (1996) DVD
Hit men Danny Aiello and James Spader are hired to kill the adulterous former husband of Olympic athlete Teri Hatcher. But after the ex is offed, the situation takes several dangerous (and darkly comical) turns as vice cops, a suicidal movie director and an abused secretary enter the picture. Smashing Southern California crime caper also stars Charlize Theron, Eric Stoltz, Paul Mazursky. 105 min.  Widescreen; Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital Surround; biographies; scene access; theatrical trailer.
Reindeer Games: Director's Cut [DVD] (2000) DVD
Newly released from prison, car thief Ben Affleck assumes his late cellmate's identity so he can be with the dead man's pen-pal girlfriend (Charlize Theron). Unfortunately for Affleck, Theron's gun-running brother (Gary Sinise) wants him to supply inside information he doesn't have so Sinise and his cronies can hold up an Indian reservation casino. John Frankenheimer expertly directs this gripping thriller; Clarence Williams III, Dennis Farina also star. Special edition includes footage not shown in theaters.  107 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital 5.1; audio commentary by Frankenheimer; featurette; theatrical trailer; more.
The Curse Of The Jade Scorpion [DVD] (2001) DVD
Putting his own comic spin on a mix of "His Girl Friday" and "Double Indemnity," writer/director/star Woody Allen plays a crack insurance investigator in '40s New York. His feud with company efficiency expert Helen Hunt takes an unexpected turn when a nightclub magician hypnotizes them into revealing their true attraction to each other--while at the same time compelling Allen to commit a series of jewel thefts for him. Dan Aykroyd, Elizabeth Berkley, David Ogden Stiers and Charlize Theron also star. 102 min. Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital mono, French Dolby Digital mono, Spanish Dolby Digital mono; Subtitles: English.
Trapped [DVD] (2002) DVD
The seemingly perfect crime quickly goes awry for a group of serial kidnappers after they abduct the sickly daughter of a wealthy couple.  As the frantic parents race to rescue their child, they set in motion a plan that will turn the tables on the criminals. Emotionally-charged drama stars Kevin Bacon, Charlize Theron, Courtney Love, Stuart Townsend, Dakota Fanning, and Pruitt Taylor Vince. 106 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital 5.1; Subtitles: English, French; audio commentary; alternate ending; deleted scenes; filmographies; interactive menus; "making of" documentary; scene access; theatrical trailers.
The Italian Job [DVD] (2003) DVD
A breezy reworking of the 1969 favorite boasts Mark Wahlberg as a master thief looking for revenge from Edward Norton, a former ally who killed mentor Donald Sutherland, then duped him by taking millions in gold bars from a Venice heist. In order to recapture the booty L.A.-based Norton now possesses, Wahlberg plans using Mini Cooper cars and a top team that includes sexy safecracker Charlize Theron, computer geek Seth Green, explosives expert Mos Def, and ace driver Jason Statham. 99 min.  Standard; featurettes; deleted scenes; outtakes; theatrical trailer.
Mighty Joe Young [DVD] (1998) DVD
Disney's updating of the 1949 adventure classic stars Charlize Theron as a young woman whose best friend since both of them were orphaned is a 15-foot-tall gorilla named Joe. When poachers threaten the safety of their African jungle home, Theron agrees to a plan by scientist Bill Paxton to take Joe to a California nature preserve, but mishaps lead to the ape escaping onto the streets of L.A. David Paymer, Rade Sherbedgia also star. 114 min. Widescreen; Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital 5.1; featurette; theatrical trailer.
Sweet November [DVD] (2001) DVD
A remake of the 1968 Sandy Dennis-Anthony Newley film, this tearjerker stars Charlize Theron as a free-spirited woman who tackles a new male "project" each month, hoping to solve whatever problems they have. Her "November" piece of work, self-absorbed ad executive Keanu Reeves, is at first resistant to the odd arrangement, but the two settle into a life-changing love affair that is threatened by Theron's dark secret.  Jason Isaacs, Frank Langella and Lauren Graham also star. 120 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital 5.1; Subtitles: English, French; "making of" featurette; theatrical trailer; scene access.
Waking Up In Reno [DVD] (2002) DVD
Two couples--Billy Bob Thornton and Natasha Richardson, and Patrick Swayze and Charlize Theron--decide to take a road trip in an SUV from their Little Rock, Arkansas, home to Reno, Nevada. During the journey they stop for big steaks, talk about the desire to see Tony Orlando in concert and reveal some secrets--including the fact that Thornton has been cheating on Richardson by sleeping with Theron. 90 min.  Widescreen (Enhanced); Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital stereo; audio commentaries; "making of" documentary; deleted scenes.
The Yards [DVD] (2000) DVD
Returning to his Queens, New York, home after doing time for auto theft, Mark Wahlberg hooks up with old friend Joaquin Phoenix and gets a job in a subway car repair yard run by Phoenix's uncle, James Caan. Wahlberg soon learns the business hides a big-money kickback and extortion ring, and when a pickup job leads to a shooting and murder, he's made the fall guy. Bleak and compelling drama also stars Ellen Burstyn, Faye Dunaway, Charlize Theron.  115 min.  Widescreen; Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, French Dolby Digital Surround; Subtitles: Spanish; audio commentary; featurette; theatrical trailer.
The Astronaut's Wife [DVD] (1999) DVD
Returning to Earth after a mysterious incident during a spacewalk, astronaut Johnny Depp seems unaffected at first. Charlize Theron's fears that something is wrong with her husband are multiplied when she learns she's pregnant, leading to a terrifying discovery not of this world, in this gripping sci-fi suspense tale. Joe Morton, Nick Cassavetes, Clea DuVall also star. 110 min.  Widescreen; Soundtracks: English Dolby Digital 5.1, Dolby Digital Surround; Subtitles: English; filmographies; DVD-ROM content; theatrical trailer; scene access.
 
