Birth Place: Benoni, South Africa
Date of Birth / Zodiac Sign: 08/07/1975, Leo
Profession: Actor; model
(117 ratings)
Add Your Rating:
This captivating former model has carved out an impressive career by playing some not-so-pretty characters. After capturing attention as a sexy hit woman in her 1996 film debut, 2 Days in the Valley, Theron took on a succession of less flashy parts, including an uptight girlfriend in That Thing You Do and a naive Southern wife in The Devil's Advocate. In the late '90s and early 2000s, Theron appeared in a plethora of high-minded (if not always successful) Hollywood films (The Cider House Rules, The Legend of Bagger Vance, 15 Minutes), but it was her turn as a lesbian prostitute/serial killer in the 2003 indie hit Monster that established her as a great actress. Virtually unrecognizable under many pounds of extra weight and makeup, Theron took home a Golden Globe and an Oscar for her transformative performance. She continued her deglamorized cinema streak as a sexually harassed miner in North Country, which earned her Golden Globe and Oscar nods in 2006. Off-screen, Theron is devoted to a number of charitable causes, including the Charlize Theron Africa Outreach Project (CTAOP), which she founded to help create safer and healthier lives for impoverished children in South Africa.Charlize Theron Fast Facts:
Left her native South Africa in 1991, the same year that her mother shot and killed Charlize's father in self-defense.
Won a modeling contest in Italy at the age of 16.
Studied with the Joffrey Ballet in New York City for eight months.
First attracted the attention of talent manager John Crosby with a tirade in a Los Angeles-area bank after a teller refused to cash her out-of-state check.
Made her feature-film debut in 2 Days in the Valley (1996), playing a sexy villain who engages in a bruising fight scene with Teri Hatcher.
Starred with real-life boyfriend Stuart Townsend in 2004's Head in the Clouds.
Charlize Theron Relationships:
