HAIR: Currently dyed blonde (naturally brown).
EYES: Green Blue
BORN: August 7, 1975 in Benoni, South Africa.
DISCOVERED: Charlize grew up in South Africa and, at 16, entered a modeling contest and won. She modelled in Milan rather unsuccessfully and moved to New York at age 18. She grew tired of modeling and moved to Hollywood to try her luck at acting.
Charlize eventually ended up in line at a bank with the final check from her various employments in New York, and threw an impressive tantrum when the teller refused to cash the check because it was drawn on an out-of-state bank. Hollywood talent manager John Crosby happened to be standing in line behind her, and, after helpfully explaining that she could cash her out-of-state check at any post office, asked if she were, perchance, an actress. Somewhat flustered, Theron replied that she wasn't, but that she fully intended to become one. Crosby, who earlier in his career had discovered Rene Russo at a Rolling Stones concert, offered his card.
Charlize underwent countless auditions for television commercials, but was unable to land a single gig. Her perseverance eventually resulted in her getting a cameo in 2 Days in the Valley. It wasn't until she appeared in The Devil's Advocate that she really got noticed.
KNOWN FOR: Being statuesque and gorgeous.
HOME: Los Angeles
SWEETIE: Dated actor Craig Bierko for two years before she moved on to singer Stephan Jenkins (Third Eye Blind).
OTHER: Charlize began studying ballet at age 6 but was forced to quit due to a knee injury.
QUOTE: "I don't know how you really prepare yourself for celebrity. You can't buy a book and read up on it and go, Oh, so that's how I deal with it when they go through my garbage, or when the paparazzi follow me, that's what I have to do. It's something you just cope with when it happens." -Charlize Theron
Images of Charlize Theron are copyright © left to right: Esquirer magazine, George magazine
Want More Top Supermodels and Celebrities?
Top Supermodels
