Likes (9)
She may be single, but Charlize Theron says she's anything but a single mom to her son Jackson.
The star swears that her pitbull Blue and terrier mutt Blakely actually help her take care of the 6-month-old.
"People keep saying, 'Oh you're a single mom,' and I'm like, 'Actually, I'm not. I got two boys helping me out.' It's incredible," she said during a sit-down on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
Seriously? I always thought a pitbull was more likely to use a baby as a chew toy than care for one.
As the star tells it, "[Blue] woke up with me for every feed, for every change, and whenever the baby would cry, the pit would start crying. He'll do anything for that baby."
No Lassie-level moves, but definitely nice. I am far less impressed, however, with the other one. "Berkley ... he's actually the pacifier thief ... He'll just lay there with the [baby's] pacifier in his mouth," she said. That's just gross. I hope she tossed it afterwards.
But while Theron's affection for her dogs is really sweet, ultimately she is a single parent. No amount of barking or tail wagging makes up for the fact that you are in that struggle alone.
Even with nannies and assistants, it's still not the same as having a partner to go through the trenches with you. Check-ups, ER visits, fevers, strep, broken bones -- it all comes with the title of "mom" and it's all emotionally exhausting. 
Yet more than the actual diaper changes -- because we all know not every husband is hands-on -- it's about having someone equally invested in your child's welfare and future. Of course for many single parents that ends up being a grandparent, a best friend, or even a neighbor. Point is, a new mom needs a human co-parent, not a pooch.
Watch Theron's interview with Ellen here:
What do you think of Charlize's four-legged co-parents?
About the author Ericka Sóuter
is a veteran pop culture and celeb news writer. That experience boils down to two things: she knows way too much about the Kardashians and she dominates on Trivial Pursuit's arts and entertainment questions.
