11 pictures
Charlize Theron to Drew Barrymore: 10 Surprising Playboy Stars [PHOTOS]
When Lindsay Lohan's Playboy spread was leaked online last week, few were surprised to see the "Mean Girls" star and one time child actress baring all in a nude photo shoot, especially after years of partying and an increasingly dead-end career.
Lohan hopes posing naked in the "fantastic and absolutely tasteful" pictorial for Playboy Magazine will revitalize her career, bringing her some of the star power of sex symbol Charlize Theron, the comeback might of former child star Drew Barrymore, or at least the publicity-fueled notoriety of reality TV star Kim Kardashian.
It's not a bad move to make, since all three of these mega-celebrities, though few know it, have also posed nude for Playboy Magazine.
Charlize Theron , Drew Barrymore and Kim Kardashian are only some of the stars who've graced the cover (and centerfold) of the men's adult magazine. Whether to make a name for themselves among American audiences or to "let readers see another side," as Lindsay Lohan's rep asserts, such surprising names as Farrah Fawcett, Bo Derek and even President Reagan's daughter have stripped naked for a Playboy shoot.
Here, count down ten surprising stars who've posed nude for Playboy, from the least surprising (fallen child star and party girl Lindsay Lohan) to the most. Who's graced the cover of Playboy magazine? Click through our slideshow to find out!
Photo:Playboy Lindsay Lohan Poses Nude for Playboy and the issues are selling out in cities like New York and Los Angeles.
Beyond Lindsay Lohan: 10 Surprising Stars Who've Posed Nude For Playboy Magazine
Few were stunned to see the 25-year-old "Mean Girls" star baring all, but the other names on Playboy's photo roster might surprise readers. From more obvious names like Kim Kardashian and Charlize Theron to more shocking ones like a barely-legal Drew Barrymore, here are ten surprising stars who've posed nude for Playboy Magazine.
Photo:Reuters/Danny Moloshok Kim Kardashian
10. Kim Kardashian
Kardashian, 31, regrets posing for Playboy photos back in 2007, but not for the reasons you might think.  "After the fact, I said, 'I wish I hadn't done Playboy then' because I wasn't in the best shape of my life," she told Allure magazine. "I lost about 15 pounds, and I feel so proud. I look back and say, 'Oh, my God, I was so heavy then.'"
Photo:Playboy Kim Basinger appeared on the cover of Playboy.
9. Kim Basinger
Unlike Charlize Theron, who sued Playboy for publishing her nude photos, Basinger has always been grateful for the exposure she got from her Playboy spread in 1983. Then 30, the new Bond Girl of "Never Say Never Again" credits the naked photo shoot for getting her the publicity needed to nab better movie roles.
Photo:Playboy Mimi Rogers appeared on the cover of a 1993 issue of Playboy magazine.
8. Mimi Rogers
Though few may remember the 1993 Playboy spread, few who know of the voluptous Mimi Rogers would be surprised to learn that she posed naked, or that she has no regrets. The actress has appeared unabashedly nude in several major film roles, including being naked for almost all of the 1995 film "Full Body Massage."
Photo:Playboy Charlize Theron, who has starred in The Devil's Advocate and Mighty Joe Young, got naked for a 1999 Playboy edition.
7. Charlize Theron
Back when the Hollywood star was still making a name for herself, Charlize Theron posed for a nude photo series, which were then published by Playboy in 1999. Theron's movie career was just taking off, and the celebrity sued, claiming the nude photos were published without her consent.
Photo:Playboy La Toya Jackson appeared on the cover of a 1989 issue of Playboy magazine.
6. La Toya Jackson
Despite her sister Janet being the one to have a "wardrobe malfunction" at the 2004 Superbowl, it was La Toya Jackson who chose to strip down for a Playboy spread in 1989 and again in 1991. Unable to land a mega-successful career like Janet or Michale Jackson, La Toya used the Playboy spread to break away from her father and manager Joseph and (later) to promote her autobiography.
Photo:Playboy Suzanne Somers was the cover girl for Playboy's 1984 Christmas Issue.
5. Suzzane Somers
Like Charlize Theron, Somers' nude photos in Playboy Magazine have always been a sore subject for the "Three's Company" star. When Playboy published its 1980 issue, the photos were from ten years earlier, when Somers was just 22 years old, and the TV star lost her position as a spokeswoman for Ace Hardware.
Photo:Playboy International sex symbol Bo Derek called up "Boomer & Carton" last week ans said "I Have LINsanity!"
4. Bo Derek
Bo Derek has appeared a whopping five times on the cover of Playboy magazine, with her first nude photo shoot in 1980. Most people today, however, know Derek as a prominent Christian conservative who campaigned for George W. Bush in both 2000 and 2004.
Photo:Playboy Back in 1995 she graced the front cover of Playboy.
3. Drew Barrymore
It's not that shocking that Hollywood's wild child would pose nude for Playboy magazine. What is surprising? that the 19-year-old was barely legal when Playboy shot the photo spread in 1995. After hearing about his former "E.T." star's naked pictures, director Steven Spielberg reportedly sent Drew Barrymore a quilt, with a note that read, "Cover yourself up."
Photo:Playboy Joan Collins was the cover girl of Playboy's December 1983 edition.
2. Joan Collins
Collins was almost 50 years old when she went nude for Playboy, but the "Dynasty" star still opted to bare all in a 12-page spread for the magazine in 1983. The accompanying title? "50 is Beautiful."
Photo:Playboy Patti Davis
1. Patti Davis
President Ronald Reagan's daughter was anything but the image of her GOP legend father when she stripped naked for Playboy in 1994, just six years after her dad left office. Then 42, the onetime addict told More magazine just this year that the shoot was less to shock her uber-conservative parents than to validate the miracle that she was still alive after years of drug problems. "This was my victory lap," Davis said. "This was standing naked in front of the world when it was a miracle that I was even still in the world."
Latest Slideshows
