Your Message *
 
Kristen Stewart and Charlize Theron Look Amazing for Interview Magazine
May 30, 2012 at 09:30 am by Sarah
Kristen Stewart is on fire. That’s a fact, and there’s no debating it. Whether you love or or you hate her (though you probably should just go for broke and love her no matter how many times she “inappropriately” uses the word f-ck), this interview is awesome and you should probably read the highlights.
Kristen on sexism:
“In personal conversations between director and actor, the male directors that I’ve worked with are just as emotional [as women]. Maybe it’s because I had to start having very intimate conversations with adult men at a very young age in order to get the work, but I’m really comfortable with dudes. I mean, we push boundaries in this business in terms of getting to know people. There are things that directors know about me that people shouldn’t know. But everyone’s really different. I’ve worked with women who I’ve never wanted to tell anything about myself to, and I’ve worked with guys who have been pouring wells of emotion. So emotional availability is not a gender-specific thing.”
On being like Snow White:
“There’s so much that Snow White has been deprived of in terms of having the proper time to really develop and hone who she is. She’s put in jail at the beginning of her life, so she’s a stunted person. She has a really idealized concept of what the world is, and how people should live, and how wonderful things all can be, and there is this debilitating isolation that she feels because she has been locked away in a little cell for seven years. And I can kind of relate to that. There is something . . . It’s not the reason that I wanted to do the movie, but the fans and people who loved Twilight, they do put you on this sort of different plane where you’re not real.”
On Charlize Theron:
“She is unlike anyone I’ve ever encountered. She is one of those people who walks into a room and everyone knows it… She’s a fucking movie star. It’s funny, too, because she always says, “I’m not really a performer.” But I’m like, “Yeah, not at all.” [laughs] She’s an actor and a performer.”
How she knows she’s made it:
“I feel so extremely successful—and not just because I can greenlight a movie now. It’s because I’ve really only worked with people that I truly love, and I’ve only had bad experiences with one or two directors…[What was bad about those experiences…] I think it always boils down to people not being there for the right reasons, and not being there for the same reasons. It’s a miracle when things come together. But sometimes it just doesn’t happen—and when it doesn’t happen, you still have to finish the movie.
Playing an abused woman in ‘Welcome to the Rileys’:
“Playing a character like Mallory [in Welcome to the Rileys] is tough. Not to discredit anyone’s personal situation or actual life, but there are so many examples of girls like that, and a film can very easily become an almost clinical rundown of what leads someone to a certain position. It’s hard to play a part like that because you want everyone who has ever walked in those shoes to be like, “Yeah, I mean, that’s the way it goes . . .” Pity is a really odd thing with abused women. You don’t want anyone to think that you feel bad—even though you might. So it was just interesting to play that part and to work with James. I went down to New Orleans to do the film and lived by myself and trudged around the city. But walking away from that character . . . It probably still hasn’t gone away completely, but for the first little while afterwards, I was so sensitive and touchy in a way that my character would never be. I was so protective and defensive of young girls, and sex in general.
There’s a whole part done by Charlize, too, which you can read here , but I think we’re loving Kristen more than even Charlize these days … or at least, I am, at any rate.
1
