Beautiful Pictures Of Beautiful People
Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron – american film actress of South African descent, became famous in the late 1990′s thanks to roles in “Two Days in the Valley,” “Mighty Joe Young,” “The Devil’s Advocate” and “The Cider House Rules”. After receiving high marks from critics and some kinonagrad for the role of serial killer Aileen Uornos in the movie “Monster,” Theron first Africans won the Oscar for the performance are the main role. Subsequently, she was again nominated for an Oscar for her role in “North Country”.
Charlize Theron Biography
Theron was born in Benoni, Transvaal Province, South Africa, and was the only child of Gerda Aletta Jacob (nee Maritz, was born January 27, 1953) and Karl Jacob Theron (who died in 1990). Through the maternal line is German actress and paternal – French and Dutch roots. Theron’s parents owned a farm and by the construction of roads, which ran Gerda Theron.
Childhood Theron went on a farm parents in Benoni, near Johannesburg, where she studied at Putfonteynskoy elementary school. Communicating with a parent farm workers, immigrants from various local tribes, she learned to speak in 26 dialects, and thereafter, on a par with the native Afrikaans – fluent English took possession of. The farm was among the wildlife, and subsequently in many respects this fact influenced her decision to become an activist for animal rights. At 6 years old Charlize Theron began attending ballet lessons. At age 13 she was sent to boarding school and began studying at the National Arts School in Johannesburg.
At age 15, Charlize Theron witnessed the death of his father, an alcoholic hronicheskogo, which her mother was forced to shoot in self defense. Police did not put forward against Gerda Theron is no charge. Somewhat later, in an interview with Charlize Theron claimed that her father was killed in a car accident.
Early career and moving to the U.S.
At age 16, on the advice and insistence of the mother, Charlize Theron took part in the competition model, and left it a winner. Later, she participated in an international competition models in Positano (Italy), and after winning and it has concluded an annual contract with a modeling agency in Milan. During this year, Charlize Theron traveled all over Europe, and then went to New York where she decided to permanently settle. Dreaming of becoming a ballerina, at the end of the contract she entered the Joffrey Ballet School in his free time laboring model, however, due to a knee injury at age 19 was forced to abandon the dance career. “I thought that was the end of light, dancing was my passion. I thought that I must return to South Africa and the rest of his life working in a supermarket “- the actress admitted later in an interview with Elle. However, instead of having to go back home, she traveled to Miami, where he spent several months working as a model. Gerda’s mother, who considered that the Republic of South Africa abroad, the daughter of a lot more opportunities to find themselves and develop their abilities, insisted that Charlize Theron tried to make a career in Hollywood.
Start acting activities
After an injury Charlize flew to Los Angeles with one-way tickets, which bought for her mother. The first few months in this city she spent in a cheap hotel, almost starving due to the extreme resource constraints.
Charlize Theron life changed when he came to the bank to cash her mother sent a check for $ 500, and thus pay for the rent, she suddenly was turned down – the local clerk of caution has refused to cash a check made payable outside the U.S.. Theron, in response to a scandal, spout outrage in all known her strong expressions in English and Afrikaans. After that, the man standing in the same class (as it turned out later – John Crossby, impresario, who represented the interests of celebrities such as Rene Russo and John Hurt) suddenly became interested in it. Crossby handed the girl a card, some time later – introduced her to some casting agencies, as well as in acting school, where she managed, eventually, get rid of the South African accent. Ibid Charlize Theron met Ivana Milicevic, the latter soon became a close friend, and the girls some time on a pair of rented housing. A few years later fell out with Theron Crossby constantly proposed scenario too, as it seemed frivolous content, such as “Show
“. Acting classes have helped Charlize Theron , and eventually, after 8 months after his arrival in Los Angeles, it adopted the role without a word in a 3-second episode in the film “Children of the Corn 3: Urban Harvest”, which appeared immediately after the premiere of the video. As for the “Show gelz,” she hesitated for a long time, not knowing what action to take, and finally, deciding, she rejected a proposed role – as time has shown, quite rightly, as the film flopped at the box office. According to the most Charlize Theron , “It’s like a guardian angel saved me from that role”. Instead, she took part in the TV movie “Secrets of Hollywood”, dedicated to the fate of a retired police officer who became the owner of the detective agency. Her heroine, sexy Sally Bowen, misdirected undercover at a strip club, was later exposed and severely beaten. Pilot series intended purpose series was considered unsuccessful and instead came as a television movie.
Created for himself by this time a reputation as one of the most promising young actresses, along with playing a movie, Charlize starred in television commercials Martini and Axe. For the first time in a serious role, she acted in the film “Two Days in the Valley,” directed by John Herzfeld, filmed in the style of criminal fighters. Charlize Theron played it Svelgen Norwegian Helga, a girlfriend of one of the main characters.
This role was originally intended Danish actress Daphne Dekers, but she declined the offer, citing the employment. Charlize Theron next job was the role in the movie “What are you doing”, which became the directorial debut of Tom Hanks. This film told about a certain pop group 60′s, one of the songs which suddenly became famous. Here the role of the girlfriend went to Charlize Theron drummer, trying to insist that he left music and started dentistry. By itself, the role was a cameo, but Charlize Theron managed to deepen it and make her character as a living natural that Tom Hanks himself under the impression that praised the debutant as follows: “The actress plays a more natural and keeps the confidence of all, I’ve seen”. Next job Charlize Theron became a film “Trial and Error”, whose action is built around a certain trial. Here she played a waitress Billie Tyler, which has an affair with one of the main heroes of critics, this love story overshadowed the main action.
Hollywood career
The first truly major work was the role of Charlize Theron in the movie “The Devil’s Advocate,” where she played with such stars as Al Pacino and Keanu Reeves. As recognized by the actress herself, this role has demanded that it not only creative costs, in particular, she repeatedly had to fly to audition in New York, sometimes paying out of pocket. After three months of trial role still got it, but even then the actress has continued to worry, fearing that it will replace the first failed take. Keanu Reeves starred in this film, a provincial lawyer, who owned their craft to such an extent that he managed to save from the punishment of the offender. Advocates of the hero and his talent has not gone unnoticed and he was hired by a major law firm in New York, headed by the John Milton (Al Pacino). Charlize Theron played the wife of the protagonist, initially sincerely happy good luck man, thanks to which she was able to get into the world of wealth and luxury, but soon felt himself rejected and gradually lishivshuyusya reason. The actress managed to achieve extraordinary credibility in the image of schizophrenia, which for three months, she daily attended the therapist. In the opinion of the critic Dominic Wills, Charlize Theron had a role surprisingly humane, really painful, and even better than the movie itself deserved.
Small role went to Charlize Theron in Woody Allen’s “Celebrity” in which the main role played by Kenneth Branagh. Here Charlize Theron played a supermodel, suffering from a rare disease – the ability to experience orgasm from a simple touch. Later she got a major role in rented studio Walt Disney film “Mighty Joe Young.” The plot is built around his abduction by poachers giant ape named Joe Young, who took care of the heroine Charlize Theron, after which she, along with Bill Paxton had to come to grips with the kidnappers. The film was quite successful, partly because they succeeded with the help of special effects convincing enough to reproduce the behavior of a giant ape, and also because for Theron and Paxton – high-class actors – it was easy to talk and interact with his imaginary pet.
“Mighty Joe Young” flopped at the box office, but critics said the game Charlize Theron, and she continued to be in demand in Hollywood. In 1999, the actress starred in the film “The Astronaut’s Wife”, while the astronaut himself incarnated on screen Johnny Depp. His character is returning to Earth in a coma after undergoing a severe accident in space, and on leaving this state, its nature changed for the worse – an astronaut became secretive and odd, given that no one wanted to believe the suspected heroine Charlize Theron, who tried to warn about this .
The next was in the film by Lasse Hallstrema “The Cider House Rules”, which also starred Tobey Maguire, who played the young assistant doctor – managing orphanage, while the role of questionable reputation of Dr. Michael Caine played. This doctor was engaged in illegal abortions, and for his services turned the character of Paul Rudd and his wife played by Theron. McGuire, an enchanted young and free-thinking woman left the doctor and was hired to work at the apple farm that belonged to her husband. When he went to World War II, the heroine has got bored affair with his young assistant, but in the end of the film he chose to return to the orphanage
Next, Charlize Theron played in the movie “Gambling.” Here, her partner was made by Ben Affleck, who plays inmate whose cellmate was in correspondence with Charlize Theron . After his release, Affleck, stealing documents cellmate, met with her, unaware that in fact she only needed information about the casino, where he worked cellmate. The movie was cool met by criticism, but let Charlize Theron some fun role – from sweet to tough melodrama thrillers. Film producer Harvey Weinstein was against the participation of Theron in the movie, because I thought it too beautiful for such a role, but later changed his mind and even rewrote the script, significantly increasing its original role.
In the film, “Yards” hero Mark Wahlberg was released from prison and joined a gang of his friend Joaquin Phoenix. The gang with the help of bribes, threats and violence to force the government tried to give her a contract to build metro line, while Wahlberg came under suspicion in the murder. Charlize Theron in the movie played his drug addicted girlfriend. It was a dark and depressing role, but she became an actress for a good school.
In the movie “The military diver Charlize Theron went to the wife of Robert De Niro, while Cuba Gooding played the role of Charles Broshira, the first black man – a military diver in the U.S. Navy. Charlize Theron’s husband suffered from chronic alcoholism, which affects, among other things on his family life. Charlize Theron role was minor and did not affect the plot. Further, the actress accepted an invitation to a major role in the movie “The Legend of Bagger Vance Robert Redford, which takes place during the Great Depression in Georgia. The plot was constructed as a story about a man on the verge of bankruptcy due to the fact that all of their money invested in the construction of a golf club. Charlize Theron played with his daughter, trying to save his father’s work, organizing a competition between golf legend Bobby Jones and Walter Heygenom, while the latter could not get rid of painful memories associated with his participation in the First World War. The heroine Charlize Theron convinced the city to take the tournament and made a hero Matt Damon forget about post-traumatic stress.
The film “Sweet November” with Keanu Reeves – a story about a girl who, trying to psychologically help and support of the next chosen one, lives with him for a month. The next candidate is a hero, Keanu Reeves, clerk advertising company. Later discovered that the heroine Charlize Theron is sick with cancer and soon sentenced to death. The actress had high hopes for this work, refusing for the sake of her starring in the film “Pearl Harbor”, however, on leaving the screen, the film was subjected to withering criticism, reproached the director and actors in contrived situations, impossible to believe “any of what what’s going on”, as well as in the absence of this attraction between the two protagonists. Charlize Theron was even nominated for a Razzie “for worst actress.
Next, Theron played in the movie “15 minutes of fame” with Robert De Niro. This time she got the role of women from service escort services. One of the main roles are played by Oleg Taktarov. Then she co-starred in Woody Allen’s “Curse of the Jade Scorpion,” where the director played the role of an insurance agent investigating the fraud with insurance, which had been hypnotized and sent to search for clues. Charlize Theron, in turn, played an actress trying to catch him in the midst of an unlawful search in a strange house. This role was passing, but Charlize Theron played her energetic and fun.
In the movie “24 hours” she got the role of the designer’s wife, whose captors have stolen his daughter, demanding a ransom for her release, while her husband has embodied on the screen Stuart Townsend. Spouses could circle of criminals around the finger and release the hostage.
The next was in the film “Wake up in Reno, is about two couples, the first of which is embodied on the screen Natasha Richardson and Billy Bob Thornton, whose character, a trader cars, his wife cheated with the heroine Charlize Theron – the wife of his best friend (in this role starred Patrick Swayze). In the story, the four of them went into battle cars in Reno, and during the trip carefully hidden relationship became known to all around. In this film resurfaced comic talent actress who clearly has created the image of girls, always trying to get pregnant, and as always intolerant of this defeat. The film “The Italian Job” was the next job Charlize Theron. It was built around the story of the gang of robbers, in which after a successful offense in Venice, one of the bandits (played by Edward Norton) in the heat of a quarrel slain leader (Donald Sutherland). Another gang member (Mark Wahlberg), wanting revenge, has managed to cobble together a new criminal group, putting in front of it to rob Norton, escaping with the loot. Here Charlize Theron got the role of Sutherland’s daughter, specializing in burglary safes, and she once again proved itself brilliantly played fairly superficial scenario role, with special praise caused her perfect driving technique.
Critics Ratings
Film critic Nate Lee wrote: “The best film Theron -” The Cider House Rules, “Charlize Theron is extremely good in the role of the daughter of lobster catcher. She meets the hero Tobey Maguire, when it comes to abortion, and then falls in love with him. Her soft vulnerability – a huge contrast to the role in the movie “Monster”, it is difficult to believe that they are one and the same person. “Monster” – a film that prompt reflection and really deserves the Oscar, but it can not be raised above the New England classics. It is shocking, from the farm girl grew up … the actress that could, with equal skill to be reincarnated as frivolous beauty in films such as The Italian Job “and” Aeon Flux “, a serial killer in the movie” Monster “or the image itself embody ordinary woman trying to feed their children working at the mine in the movie “North Country”. “North Country” – the story of a woman who single-handedly confronted the prejudices of people from a small town, as well as their corporate puppeteers. Without a doubt, Charlize Theron could play a role through the memory of his experiences as a child – the need to coexist with a grumpy and angry father, an alcoholic”.
Role in the movie “Monster” and the Oscar
After appearing in several notable films, Charlize Theron played a serial killer Aileen Uornos in the movie “Monster.” The film tells us little about the previous life, Eileen, but the story begins with a meeting in a bar characters Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci. They begin a lesbian affair, although Eileen had not been a lesbian. Eileen tried to make money by working a roadside prostitute, but once almost became a victim of a pervert. Eileen was forced to kill him, and then pick up the car and money to the victim. Together with the heroine Ricci, they tried to live a normal life, but Eileen could not find work because they do not have any experience and education. As a result, she returned to prostitution and killing random customers. In the end, she comes across, but the evidence against Eileen was not. Then the police pressed the girlfriend Eileen, and she has confessed in a telephone conversation made Eileen make a confession. For filming Theron gained 10 kilograms, disfigured face makeup, which made her unrecognizable, and had to wear contact lenses. Charlize Theron has done a great deal of preparatory work for this role, to examine the real deal Eileen Uornos. Film critic Roger Ebert called it the actor playing “one of the best in cinema history”. For this role, Charlize Theron won an Oscar for Best Actress at the 76 th awards ceremony of the American Academy in February 2004 [20], as well as a Golden Globe. Charlize Theron became the first African woman to win an Oscar for Best Actress. Charlize Theron returned home hero, Nelson Mandela personally congratulated her. Oscar helped her in 2006 to enter the list of the most highly paid actresses in Hollywood, according to the magazine «The Hollywood Reporter». The size of its fees Charlize Theron held in 2006 in seventh place after Halle Berry, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Renée Zellweger, Reese Witherspoon, and Nicole Kidman. In this case, Charlize Theron earned $ 10 million for their roles in the films “North Country” and “Aeon Flux”.
Projects in the status of the star
The film “Head in the Clouds” tells the story of the 30′s – 40′s, the story unfolds in England, France and Spain. It played an aristocrat Charlize Theron Hilde Besse, known for its hedonism. According to the plot she charmed a student at Cambridge Stuart Townsend in 1933. She later became a photographer in Paris and lived with her heroine Penelope Cruz. Further, tells the story of love that take place during the Spanish Civil War and the German occupation of Paris. During the war the feelings of the characters are ill-test.
September 30, 2005 Theron got his own star on Hollywood’s “Walk of Fame”. In the same year she starred in the failed financially and critically ill Met fi thriller “Aeon Flux”. The film was loosely based on the animated series “Aeon Flux”, which takes place in the distant future, Charlize Theron played underground fighter, which was tasked to kill the head of the city on behalf of Trevor Goodchild. In the film, Theron has performed all the stunts herself, despite the fact that her contract was an item on the use of stunt doubles.
Theron was nominated for an Oscar and a Golden Globe for Best Actress for starring in the drama “North Country”. The film tells about the first in U.S. history, a successful lawsuit on sexual harassment. The heroine Charlize Theron Josey Aimes Beat ran away from her husband and was forced to work at the mine to feed themselves and children. In the small mining town she encountered prejudice local male miners, who treated her like a clumsy employee or, at best, as a competitor for the job.
In 2005, Theron took part in the third season of the much-vaunted critically acclaimed television series “The delay in development.” It played Charlize Theron sea captain’s daughter, who reluctantly resigned, bringing chaos to his family, which he always despised. The heroine Theron – heroin addict with a child of mixed race. In addition, Theron received a Golden Globe Award and nominated for an Emmy for her role as Britt Eckland in the 2004 film about the life of British comedian “Life and Death of Peter Sellers.” Theron played the second wife of the protagonist, who married him after a 11-day romance. Itself Britt Eckland Charlize Theron answered about the game as “fantastic” and “supernatural”. In 2007, the magazine «Esquire» actress named “sexiest woman alive today”.
In 2007, Theron starred as detective single mother in the movie “In the Valley of Elah.” According to the plot’s son Tommy Lee Jones was killed immediately after returning from Iraq. Tommy Lee Jones and Charlize Theron investigated the case and found that the murder of his son are co-workers. The actress played the role of a lively and natural. The film “Battle in Seattle” tells about the riots in 1999 in Seattle, due to the Conference by the WTO. For five days the city was plunged into a chaos of disorder, violence and looting. Charlize Theron plays a cashier Ella, who continued to work despite unrest. Charlize Theron’s next film – “Sleepwalking” Charlize Theron played the mother of a child suffering from lunacy – Jolene. Jolene’s boyfriend had just been arrested for drugs. Theron also acted as producer of the film.
In 2008, Charlize Theron starred in the collected 227.9 million dollars in the U.S. and 396.4 million in the world Cinemas movie “Hancock” with Will Smith. The film tells the strange supercheloveke, whom everyone hates because he destroys everything around during the rescue. Theron played a superwoman who lives an ordinary life in Los Angeles. As part of a promotional tour of the film Charlize Theron and Smith traveled to Moscow.
In late 2008, she was asked to become a UN Messenger of Peace.
November 10, 2008 TV Guide magazine announced that Charlize Theron will play a major role in the film “The Danish girl” with Nicole Kidman, in which her heroine, Gerda Wegener, the wife of Einar Wegener / Lili Elbe (Kidman), the world’s first man who had undergone surgery to change sex. In 2009, Charlize Theron starred in “The Road”, where she played the mother of a boy in post-apocalyptic world where humans have become cannibals.
In October 2009, Charlize Theron was chosen for the filming of the sequel to Mad Max movie called “Mad Max: Fury Road,” which will begin filming in Broken Hill in New South Wales in Australia in late 2010. December 4, 2009 Actress, together with other stars of South African origin, in Cape Town presented draw for the final tournament of the World Cup 2010 in South Africa. The rehearsals as a joke at the expense of the FIFA she pulled the ball instead of Ireland, France, hinting at the controversy surrounding the handball Thierry Henry in the play-offs between France and Ireland. A trick of FIFA so alarmed that it was decided not to repeat it in public.
Charlize Theron Life Style
In 1997, Charlize Theron’s mother Gerda remarried, and her daughter, who was always very close with his mother, painfully experienced her new marriage. But soon parted ways with Gerd new husband and moved to Los Angeles, closer to his daughter. C in 1997 and 2001, Theron met with the lead singer of Third Eye Blind by Stephen Jenkins. Jenkins said that Charlize Theron was generally in good spirits and quite lovely, but sometimes rolled his macabre scenes and then looked like a “lioness”.
Charlize Theron became a naturalized citizen of the United States in May 2007. “You have now just does not get off of me” – said the actress during an evening television show on channel CBS. “I always wanted to become a citizen, but they (immigration authorities) did not want to take me. This is a process during which we must work hard, something to learn. Then, finally, they invited me for an interview, which asked about how the United States government and who is a senator from our state. ” The actress said that everything went very well, until she was asked to write a simple sentence, “It’s a sunny day» (It’s a sunny day). “It was one of those strange moments when you doubt yourself, and think – one or two” n “in” sunny (sunny )”?».
In 2002, Charlize Theron met while filming “24 hours” with Stuart Townsend, with whom began to meet. They later starred together in the 2004 film “Head in the Clouds”, as well as in the movie “Aeon Flux”. They were considered one of the most solid couples in Hollywood, but eventually decided to leave. It was reported that it happened after the Christmas vacation in Mexico when Charlize Theron stopped wearing the ring, a gift from her to Stuart in a sign of their union. According to one of the friends of the actress, “they became more like brother and sister, and that Charlize Theron has decided to end the relationship.” While Charlize Theron career on the rise – she gets $ 10 million per film, Stewart’s career was not so successful. In an interview with Townsend admitted that he believed Theron and his wife, although they never recorded official relations. Couple split in January 2010. Since the couple had shared finances, then took some time to separate them. Charlize Theron continues to live in their common home in Los Angeles.
During the filming of “Aeon Flux” in Berlin in the fall Theron got a hernia of the cervical vertebral disc. Due to injury Charlize Theron had to wear a cervical collar Medicine within one month. In July 2009, Theron was discovered by a viral infection, which, presumably, she contracted while traveling outside the United States. She was hospitalized at Cedars-Sinai Hospital and completed a course of treatment at home.Projects in the status of the star
