Author: PlayBoy
Biography for Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron (born Aug. 7, 1975 (37 years ago)) is a South African American actress, movie producer, and former fashion model.
She rose to fame in the late 1990 (22 years ago) following her roles in 2 Days in the Valley, Mighty Joe Young, The Devil's Advocate, and The Cider House Rules. She received critical acclaim and an Academy Award for her portrayal of serial killer Aileen Wuornos in the movie Monster, for which she became the first African to win an Academy Award in a major acting category. She received another Academy Award nomination for her performance in North Country.
She was named Esquire's Sexiest Woman Alive in 2007 (5 years ago). In late 2008 (4 years ago) she was asked to be a UN Messenger of Peace by the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon.
Promotional deals
Having signed a deal with John Galliano in 2004 (8 years ago), Theron replaced Estonian model Tiiu Kuik as the spokeswoman in the J'ADORE advertisements by Christian Dior. Invariably, she would bearably bare the uppermost part of her bosom for Dior's ads. Then, on dec. 18, 2007 (5 years ago), she finally stripped for Dior's J'Adore perfume. Galliano has reputedly cited her as a muse and has been creating couture dresses for her to wear to formal red carpet events such as the Academy Awards and the Golden Globe Awards.
From Oct. 2005 (7 years ago) to dec. 2006 (6 years ago), Theron earned $3,000,000 for the use of her image (wallpaper) in a worldwide print media advertising campaign for Raymond Weil watches. In Feb. 2006 (6 years ago), she and her loan-out corporation were sued by Weil for breach of contract. The lawsuit was settled on Nov. 4, 2008 (4 years ago).
Activism
Theron is involved in women's rights organizations, and marched for abortion rights.
Theron is a supporter of animal rights and active member of PETA. She appeared in a PETA ad for their anti-fur campaign. She is also an active supporter of Democracy Now! and Link TV. She is a supporter of same sex marriage and attended the Mar. in Fresno, California on 30 May 2009 (3 years ago).
In Jul. 2009 (3 years ago), it was announced that Charlize Theron's Africa Outreach Project (CTAOP) would form a coalition with LAFC Soccer Club to give soccer fields to rural areas in South Africa. LAFC Chelsea, one of America's most successful and prominent youth soccer clubs, made a three-year commitment to help build a community-wide soccer program for the schools in the Umkhanyakude District. This help includes uniforms, cleats, balls and equipment, along with professional training for local coaches, referees and administrators. The soccer league training will also include life-saving health education administered through a CTAOP-funded mobile health program. With the 2010 (2 years ago) FIFA World Cup on African soil for the very first time, CTAOP wants to put a spotlight on the urgent need to provide sustainable health, education and recreational resources to remote areas where HIV/AIDS rates are unacceptably high.
Don Sheppards, president of LAFC Chelsea said:
...when I learned about Charlize's incredible plan to give sustainable opportunities to young South Africans who are at enormous risk, I knew that LAFC Chelsea was in position to help.
Our goal is to help truly create a safer, healthier and better life for the young people in South Africa, especially those living in remote areas, and to ensure that the resources we bring are self sustaining. The three year commitment is so incredible and key to being sure that the program will be around for many years to come", says Charlize Theron. "I'm overwhelmed with gratitude to Don and LAFC Chelsea for their commitment to help us give these beautiful, young people a recreational outlet that is sorely lacking from their lives.
This new collaboration was made official during the match on Jul. 21, 2009 (3 years ago), at 8: 00 P.M. PST, between two of the world's top international teams - Chelsea F.C. and Inter Milan. They met at the historic Rose Bowl in Pasadena, CA before an expected attendance of 90,000 fans. The match was televised world-wide on ESPN.
Career
At the age of 16, Theron traveled to Milan, Italy, on a one-year modeling contract, after winning a local competition. She went to New York with Pauline's Model Management. She decided to remain after her contract ended, attending the Joffrey Ballet School, where she trained as a ballet dancer. A knee injury closed this career path when Theron was 19.
Unable to dance, Theron flew to Los Angeles on a one-way ticket her mother bought her. During her early months there, she went to a bank to cash a check her mother had sent her to help with the rent. When the teller refused to cash it, Theron immediately started into a shouting match with her. Afterwards, a talent agent in line behind her handed her his business card and subsequently introduced her to some casting agents and also an acting school. She later fired him as her manager after he allegedly kept sending her scripts for movies similar to Showgirls and Species. After eight months in the city, she was cast in her first movie part, a non-speaking role in the direct-to-video movie Children of the Corn III (1995, 17 years ago). Larger roles in widely released Hollywood movies followed, and her career skyrocketed in the late 1990 (22 years ago) with box office successes like The Devil's Advocate (1997, 15 years ago), Mighty Joe Young (1998, 14 years ago), and The Cider House Rules (1999, 13 years ago). She glossed the cover of the Jan. 1999 (13 years ago) issue of Vanity Fair as the "White Hot Venus". Theron appeared on the cover of the May 1999 (13 years ago) edition of Playboy Magazine with an accompanying nude pictorial by photographer Guido Argentini taken at a time when she was but an aspiring model. Theron later claimed that the photographs had not been intended for publication and had appeared in the magazine against her wishes. She sued the photographer and won the case.
After appearing in a few notable films, Theron starred as the serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster (2003, 9 years ago). movie critic Roger Ebert called it "one of the greatest performances in the history of the cinema". For this role, Theron won the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 76th Academy Awards in Feb. 2004 (8 years ago), as well as the SAG Award and the Golden Globe Award. She is the first African to win an Oscar for Best Actress. The Oscar win pushed her to The Hollywood Reporter's 2006 (6 years ago) list of highest-paid actresses in Hollywood; earning $10,000,000 for both her subsequent films, North Country and Aeon Flux (10 walls) , she ranked seventh, behind Halle Berry (24 walls) , Cameron Diaz (31 walls) , Drew Barrymore (12 walls) , Renée Zellweger, Reese Witherspoon (11 walls) , and Nicole Kidman.
Theron's star on the Hollywood Walk of FameOn sep. 30, 2005 (7 years ago), Theron received her own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In the same year, she starred in the financially unsuccessful science fiction thriller Æon Flux. Additionally, Theron received Best Actress Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for her lead performance in the drama North Country. Ms. magazine also honored her for this performance with a feature article in its Fall 2005 (7 years ago) issue.
In 2005 (7 years ago), Theron portrayed Rita, Michael Bluth's (Jason Bateman) love interest, on the season three of FOX's critically-acclaimed TV series Arrested Development. She also received Golden Globe and Emmy nominations for her role of Britt Ekland in the 2004 (8 years ago) HBO movie The Life and Death of Peter Sellers.
In 2007 (5 years ago), Esquire named her the Sexiest Woman Alive.
In 2008 (4 years ago), Theron was named the Hasty Pudding Theatricals Woman of the Year. In 2008 (4 years ago), she also starred with Will Smith (6 walls) in Hancock, a movie that grossed $107M in the U.S.A. and $78M internationally.
On Nov. 10, 2008 (4 years ago), TV Guide reported that Theron will star in the movie adaptation of The Danish Girl alongside Nicole Kidman. Theron will play Gerda Wegener, wife of Einar Wegener/Lili Elbe (Kidman), the world's first known person to undergo sex reassignment surgery.
On Apr. 1, 2009 (3 years ago) Steven Zeitchik of The Hollywood Reporter announced Theron is now included in the list of possible candidates to play Dagny Taggart, the heroine in the Ayn Rand's "unfilmable" capitalist epic Atlas Shrugged.
Personal life
Theron was born in Benoni, South Africa, the daughter and only child of Charles and Gerda Theron (see her Family Tree for more detail), and is of German and French descent. Theron's first language is Afrikaans; she is fluent in English and speaks some Zulu. "Theron" is an Occitan surname (originally spelled Théron) pronounced in Afrikaans as "Tronn", although she has said that she prefers the pronunciation "Thrown".
Theron grew up on her parents' farm near Johannesburg (Benoni). She attended Putfontein Primary School (Laerskool Putfontein). At the age of 13, Theron was sent to boarding school and began her studies at the National School Of The Arts in Johannesburg. At 15, Theron witnessed the death of her father, an abusive alcoholic; Gerda shot him in self-defence when he attacked her. The police pressed no charges against her.
Theron resides in Los Angeles, in the home of late actress Helen Twelvetrees, with Theron's long-time boyfriend Stuart Townsend, with whom she starred in the 2004 (8 years ago) movie Head in the Clouds, as well as in the 2002 (10 years ago) movie Trapped and 2005 (7 years ago) Æon Flux. She, like Sarah Silverman and Brad pitt (17 walls) , has said that she will not marry until same-sex couples are able to have their marriages recognized. Townsend recently stated he considers himself and Theron to be husband and wife. "We didn't have a ceremony," he said. "I don't need a certificate or the state or the church to say otherwise. So no there's no big official story on a wedding, but we are married... I consider her my wife and she considers me her husband".
While filming Aeon Flux (10 walls) in Berlin, Germany, Theron had suffered a herniated disc in her neck, which occurred as a result of her suffering a fall while filming a series of back handsprings. This required her to wear a neck collar for a month.
Theron became a naturalized citizen of the United States in May 2007 (5 years ago).
According to ABC News, reporting on dec. 11, 2007 (5 years ago), Theron's home in the exclusive Hollywood Hills became the latest to be burglarized in a series of robberies occurring to celebrities in Bel Air and Beverly Hills with a gross of $7M in loot, according to police. According to the Los Angeles Times, LAPD Lt. Ray Lombardo who heads the task force assigned to the series of high profile burglaries said, "...It is a target-rich environment in the hills, and these guys...are professionals."
In Jul. of 2009 (3 years ago), Theron was diagnosed with a serious virus at Cedars-Sinai Hospital. The virus was thought to be contracted while traveling overseas.
In Jul. 2009 (3 years ago), it was announced that after six years without an agent, Charlize Theron will now be represented by WME, William Morris Endevour Agency and will be personally represented there by CEO Ari Emanuel.
Filmography
Children of the Corn III: Urban Harvest
2 Days in the Valley
That Thing You Do!
