By Leah Ornstein - Radar Features Editor
Who were the style winners and sinners on the red carpet of the 2012 MTV Movie Awards ?
Hollywood’s hottest movie stars were joined by the biggest reality television personalities and chart-topping singers at the music network’s 21st annual show, dressed to rock and shock in the best, worst & wackiest designer duds– and RadarOnline.com has all the photos in our special fashion feature!
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At The 2012 MTV Movie Awards
Mirror mirror on the wall, who was the fairest of them all? Charlize Theron , whose Snow White and the Huntsman movie dominated at the box office this weekend, showed all the younger stars how to dominate a red carpet! The new mom looked red hot and ravishing, wearing a simple but sexy Lanvin strapless peplum dress with strappy gold sandals and a box clutch.
PHOTOS: Stars Arrive At The 2012 MTV Movie Awards
Did Brooke Hogan get lost on the way to the strip club? The reality star proved that she doesn’t know best, hitting the show in a cutout Jovani discoball dress that showed off way too much skin. Other style sinners included Shailene Woodley , who fashionably failed to pull of her Stella McCartney plunging pantsuit, and Paris Hilton , who wore a too-goth gunmetal Marco Squared dress.
Who were the style winners and sinners on the red carpet of the 2012 MTV Movie Awards?
Hollywood’s  hottest movie stars were joined by the biggest reality television  personalities and chart-topping singers at the music network’s 21st  annual show, dressed to rock and shock in the best, worst & wackiest  designer duds– and RadarOnline.com has all the photos in our special  fashion feature!
Mirror mirror on the wall, who was the fairest of them all? Charlize Theron, whose Snow White and the Huntsman movie dominated at the box office this weekend, showed all the younger  stars how to dominate a red carpet! The new mom looked red hot and  ravishing, wearing a simple but sexy Lanvin strapless peplum dress with  strappy gold sandals and a box clutch.
PHOTOS: Stars Arrive At The 2012 MTV Movie Awards
Did Brooke Hogan get lost on the way to the strip club? The reality star proved that she  doesn’t know best, hitting the show in a cutout Jovani discoball dress  that showed off way too much skin. Other style sinners included Shailene Woodley, who fashionably failed to pull of her Stella McCartney plunging pantsuit, and Paris Hilton, who wore a too-goth gunmetal Marco Squared dress.
As for wacky, performers of the evening Patrick Carney and Dan Auerbach of The Black Keys definitely shook things up, dressing up like babies in onesies pajamas complete with white gloves and bunny slippers.
