3 photos View the full slideshow »
Charlize Theron                                                                                                (Photo/Wiki)
Charlize Theron grew up on a farm outside Benoni, South Africa.  Her extracurricular training was that of ballet and has, as a teenager, danced both the "Swan Lake" and the "Nutcracker Suite".
There was not much need of a young actress or dancer in South Africa, so she moved to Europe and then to the United States.  In the sates she attended the Joffrey Ballet School, (another sources says that she acquired a job with the Joffrey Ballet) in New York, either way, she was "involved" with Joffrey. She was also able to work as a photo model . An injured knee ended her dancing career.
At the age of 18, it was Theron's mother who suggested that she go to Los Angeles and get "involved" in the movie industry, so Charlize did just that.
She made the move without knowing anyone in LA, and within two weeks she was standing in line on Hollywood Boulevard, as an agent gave her his card. It took eight months until she got her first part. Since then, she has taken acting lessons and has accepted film role after film role. This all began in the mid-90s.
In addition to acting training, Theron also studied to Americanize her voice, that at the suggestion of her agent.  She did this by watching soap operas.
Theron's first role was as a young mother in a park, but it was a non-speaking role with three seconds of screen time. Her next role was in 2 Days in the Valley (1996), to follow were, That Thing You Do! (1996), The Devil's Advocate (1997), Mighty Joe Young (1998), The Cider House Rules (1999), The Legend of Bagger Vance (2000) and The Italian Job (2003), Aeon Flux (2005)...
In 2004 she was awarded her first Academy Award for her performance in Monster (2003).  She was a superhero in Hancock.   She has also depicted many women who have suffered from violence .  Theron may get down and dirty in many of her film roles, but she only believes in pretend dirt - as she carries her own linens whenever she travels .
There have been many films since, with the latest being The Road (2009).  In addition to film appearances, Theron has also dabbled in television - Arrested Development and Robot Chicken.  Theron referring to getting a chance at acting,
There's only so much you can do, but if somebody doesn't give you a chance there is nothing you can do."
Charlize Theron
