Advertise | AdChoices
>>> we all remember that pretty popular girl from high school , the one everyone thought had it all. charlize theron plays that girl in the new movie " young adult . "ow now at 30 something, her character decides to go back to the hometown where she grew up and rekindle an old flame. but she quickly finds out there might be some problems with her plan. let's take a look.
>> buddy slade and i are meant to be together. and i'm here to get him back.
>> i'm pretty sure he's married with a kid on the way.
>> no. the kid is here. i'm cool with it. i've got baggage, too. i would keep all of this to yourself. i would find a therapist.
>> that's not the old flame. that's matt who you became friends with.
>> yes.
>> but this is, i think, a dark, complicated role in which mavis gary seems to not understand reality. how would would you describe it?
>> i think you did a really good job. i really like the idea, the film is really kind of dressed up as it looks like a very simple story. and what i liked about it is what you just said. it's a film that deals with some really complicated human issues. it really is a study on human behavior and it really is the story of a girl who kind of had a -- development and writes these young adult novels and has never grown up and has no tool set. so there was something interesting about watching a woman in her mid 30s dealing with things that we all know, but dealing with them like a 16-year-old.
>> exactly. and she's not just trying to rekindle an old flame. she actually is going after her old boyfriend after he has just had a child with his wife who he's happily married to.
>> yeah.
>> so she's actually a character who you have ever reason watching this movie that you want to hate her.
>> yeah.
>> and yet in the way you play her, it's impossible to hate her. and why is that?
>> because i fool you. i thought i -- when i read it, i think, like you said, the things that she does are despicable. but there was something about her that felt very human to me. and i think jason wrightman, who directed this film so brilliantly, said something really so very true. when we watch movies, it is in a way like holding up a mirror. and we see these things that most of the time it's the attributes that we aspire to. most movies are about people doing good things and this is a character that i think holds a mirror to the things that i think maybe are not so attractive about us, that are very human.
>> in a rare way, in a way that we don't often see women portrayed on film, you know? and i'm interested in that because i wonder, do you go after the sort of dark, complicated bob de niro type characters or do they come seeking you?
>> i don't know exactly how it works. i mean, i think those are -- that's definitely the career i wanted for myself. i grew up on 70s film and i looked at what gene hackman and dustin hoffman did and those are the characters that i just relished. it was very rare. i think women in the 70s got to do them, too, like meryl streep and susan suranden. but i think we're waking up to the feeling that women are not just the two extremities. we are really -- there's a massive gray zone when it comes to us and we're, i think, sometimes more complex and layered than men are. and i think slowly film is kind of coming around and showing those women.
>> and you're playing some of those roles and to the point where you have won an oscar, you've been nominated for another and now there's buzz about this particular movie? so when you are in that category of actresses who is sort of expected or sort of perceived as being oscar worthy, what's the sort of -- i mean, is there a comfort kind of a zone? what does that mean? i mean, few of us have that experience.
>> i sometimes feel like i never -- i mean, it's so bizarre. i feel incredibly blessed that i have gone through that experience and this is like this little film. i haven't worked for three years. and to come back in this film with this kind of material with someone like jason wrightman directing me, that feels like a gift and i can't even think -- i can't think beyond that. it's such a compliment, but it's so --
>> well, we're cheering for you. the movie is called " young adult " it opens in select cities today and nationwide on december 16th . i think you're fantastic in it. i'm rooting
