 
Biography of Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron (American English pronunciation: play /ʃɑrˈliːs ˈθɛrən/; Afrikaans pronunciation: ; born 7 August 1975) is a South African actress and fashion model. She started her acting career in the United States and rose to fame in the late 1990s following roles in The Devil's Advocate (1997), Mighty Joe Young (1998), and The Cider House Rules (1999). Theron won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster (2003), becoming the first African to win an Academy Award in a major acting category. She received another Academy Award nomination for her performance in North Country (2005). Theron became a US citizen in 2007, while retaining her South African citizenship.
Early life
Theron was born in Benoni, in the then Transvaal Province of South Africa, the only child of Gerda Jacoba Aletta Maritz (who has also called herself Gerta) and Charles Jacobus Theron (born 27 November 1947). Her mother is of German descent and her father was of Occitan (French) and Dutch ancestry; Theron is descended from early Huguenot settlers, and Boer War figure Danie Theron was her great-great uncle. "Theron" is an Occitan surname (originally spelled Théron) pronounced in Afrikaans as , although she has said that the way she pronounces it in South Africa is . She changed the pronunciation when she moved to the U.S. to give it a more "American" sound.
She grew up on her parents' farm in Benoni, near Johannesburg. Her father died on 21 June 1991, after he was shot by Theron's mother. Theron's father, an alcoholic, physically attacked her mother and threatened both women while drunk. The shooting was legally adjudged to have been self-defense and her mother faced no charges.
Theron attended Putfontein Primary School (Laerskool Putfontein), a period she later characterised as not "fitting in". At 13, Theron was sent to boarding school and began her studies at the National School of the Arts in Johannesburg. Although Theron became fluent in English (which she speaks with a General American accent) around age nineteen, her first language is Afrikaans.
Career
Though seeing herself as a dancer, Theron at 16 won a one-year modeling contract at a local competition in Salerno , and with her mother moved to Milan, Italy. After Theron spent a year modeling throughout Europe, she and her mother moved to New York City and Miami, Florida. In New York, she attended the Joffrey Ballet School, where she trained as a ballet dancer until a knee injury closed this career path at 19. As Theron recalled in 2008,
I went to New York for three days to model, and then I spent a winter in New York in a friend's windowless basement apartment. I was broke, I was taking class at the Joffrey Ballet, and my knees gave out. I realized I couldn’t dance anymore, and I went into a major depression. My mom came over from South Africa and said, "Either you figure out what to do next or you come home, because you can sulk in South Africa."
Intending now to work in movies, Theron flew to Los Angeles, California, on a one-way ticket her mother bought her. During her early months there, she went to a Hollywood Boulevard bank to cash a cheque her mother had sent her to help with the rent. When the teller refused to cash it, Theron engaged in a shouting match with her. Upon seeing this, talent agent John Crosby, in line behind her, handed her his business card and subsequently introduced her to casting agents and also an acting school. She later fired him as her manager after he kept sending her scripts for films similar to Showgirls and Species. After several months in the city, she was cast in her first film part, a non-speaking role in the direct-to-video film Children of the Corn III (1995). Her first speaking role was a supporting but significant part in 2 Days in the Valley. Larger roles in widely released Hollywood films followed, and her career expanded in the late 1990s with box-office successes like The Devil's Advocate (1997), Mighty Joe Young (1998), and The Cider House Rules (1999). She was on the cover of the January 1999 issue of Vanity Fair as the "White Hot Venus". AskMen named her the number one most desirable woman of 2003.
After appearing in other films, Theron starred as serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster (2003). Film critic Roger Ebert called it "one of the greatest performances in the history of the cinema". For this role, Theron won the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 76th Academy Awards in February 2004, as well as the SAG Award and the Golden Globe Award. She is the first South African to win an Oscar for Best Actress. The Oscar win pushed her to The Hollywood Reporter's 2006 list of highest-paid actresses in Hollywood; earning US$10 million for both her subsequent films, North Country and Æon Flux, she ranked seventh, behind Halle Berry, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, Renée Zellweger, Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman.
In 2005 Theron portrayed Rita, Michael Bluth's (Jason Bateman) love interest, on the third season of Fox's critically acclaimed television series Arrested Development. She also received Golden Globe and Emmy nominations for her role of Britt Ekland in the 2004 HBO film The Life and Death of Peter Sellers. On 30 September, Theron received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In the same year, she starred in the financially unsuccessful science fiction thriller Æon Flux. She also received the 2005 Spike Video Game Award for Best Performance by a Human Female for her voiceover work in the Æon Flux video game.
Theron received Best Actress Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for her lead performance in the drama North Country. Ms. magazine also honoured her for this performance with a feature article in its Fall 2005 issue. She was supposed to star in the screen adaption of the short story The Ice at the Bottom of the World by Mark Richard, and it was to be directed by Kimberly Peirce and produced by Theron's company Denver and Delilah Films (Theron's two dog's names). Theron has owned the rights for many years. She was also supposed to star in a movie adaption of the graphic novel Jinx, but both projects have not been produced as of yet.
In 2008, Theron was named the Hasty Pudding Theatricals Woman of the Year. That year she also starred with Will Smith in the superhero film Hancock, and in late 2008 she was asked to be a UN Messenger of Peace by the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon.
In October 2009, Theron was cast to star in a sequel to the Mad Max films, titled Mad Max: Fury Road.
On 4 December 2009, Theron co-presented the draw for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in Cape Town, South Africa, accompanied by several other celebrities of South African origin. During rehearsals she drew an Ireland ball instead of France as a joke at the expense of FIFA, referring to Thierry Henry's handball controversy in the play off match between France and Ireland. The stunt alarmed FIFA enough for it to fear she might do it again in front of a live global audience.
Following a three-year hiatus from the big screen, Theron returned to the spotlight in 2011 with Young Adult. Directed by Jason Reitman, the film earned critical acclaim especially for Theron's performance. She was nominated for a Golden Globe and several other high profile awards.
Theron plays the Wicked Queen in the film Snow White & the Huntsman, in production in 2011.
In 2011, she described her process for becoming the characters in her film:
When I'm figuring out a character, for me it's easy, since once I say yes to something, I become super-obsessed about it – and I have an obsessive nature in general. How I want to play it starts at that moment. It's a very lonely, internal experience. I think about  all the time – I observe things, I see things and file things , everything geared to what I'm going to do. I'm obsessed with the human condition. You read the script and become obsessed with  nature, her habits. When the camera rolls, it's time to do my job, to do the honest truth. You can't do that part of the  work when you're  making the film. At least I can't.
Personal life
Theron has a son, Jackson, whose adoption was announced in March 2012. She lives in Los Angeles, California. Theron became a naturalised citizen of the United States in May 2007, while retaining her South African citizenship.
In the mid-1990s, Theron had a two-year relationship with actor Craig Bierko. From 1997 to 2001, she dated Third Eye Blind frontman Stephan Jenkins. Theron then began a relationship with Irish actor Stuart Townsend, with whom she starred in Trapped (2002) and Head in the Clouds (2004). Theron and Townsend separated in January 2010 after nearly nine years together.
Health concerns
While filming Æon Flux in Berlin, Germany, Theron suffered a herniated disc in her neck, which occurred as a result of her suffering a fall while filming a series of back handsprings. This required her to wear a neck collar for a month. In July 2009, Theron was diagnosed with a serious stomach virus, thought to be contracted while travelling outside the United States. She was hospitalised at Cedars-Sinai Hospital and she finished convalescing in her own home. When filming The Road, Theron injured her vocal cords during the labor screaming scenes.
Promotional deals
Having signed a deal with John Galliano in 2004, Theron replaced Estonian model Tiiu Kuik as the spokeswoman in the "J'adore" advertisements by Christian Dior.
From October 2005 to December 2006, Theron earned US$3 million for the use of her image in a worldwide print media advertising campaign for Raymond Weil watches. In February 2006, she and her loan-out corporation were sued by Weil for breach of contract. The lawsuit was settled on 4 November 2008.
Activism
Theron is involved in women's rights organisations, and has marched in pro-choice rallies.
Theron also is a supporter of animal rights and active member of PETA. She appeared in a PETA ad for its anti-fur campaign. She is a supporter of marriage equality and attended a march to support that in Fresno, California, on 30 May 2009.
In July 2009, Theron's Africa Outreach Project (CTAOP) announced a coalition with LAFC Soccer Club to give soccer fields to rural areas in South Africa. The US youth soccer club LAFC Chelsea made a three-year commitment to help build a community-wide soccer program for the schools in the Umkhanyakude district, encompassing uniforms, equipment, professional training for local coaches, referees and administrators, and health education.
In December 2009, CTAOP and TOMS Shoes partnered to create a limited edition unisex shoe. The shoe was made from vegan materials and inspired by the African baobab tree, the silhouette of which was embroidered on blue and orange canvas. Ten-thousand pairs were given to destitute children, and a portion of the proceeds went to CTAOP.
Filmography
Films Year  Title  Role  Notes
1995  Children of the Corn III: Urban Harvest  Young Woman  Uncredited
1996  2 Days in the Valley  Helga Svelgen
1996  That Thing You Do!  Tina Powers
1997  Hollywood Confidential  Sally  TV film
1997  Trial and Error  Billie Tyler
1997  The Devil's Advocate  Mary Ann Lomax
1998  Celebrity  Supermodel
1998  Mighty Joe Young  Jill Young  Nominated—Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress
1999  The Astronaut's Wife  Jillian Armacost
1999  The Cider House Rules  Candy Kendall  Nominated—Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Movie
Nominated—Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture
2000  Reindeer Games  Ashley Mercer
2000  The Yards  Erica Stoltz
2000  The Legend of Bagger Vance  Adele Invergordon
2000  Men of Honor  Gwen Sunday
2001  Sweet November  Sara Deever
2001  The Curse of the Jade Scorpion  Laura Kensington
2001  15 Minutes  Rose Heam
2002  Trapped  Karen Jennings
2002  Waking Up in Reno  Candy Kirkendall
2003  The Italian Job  Stella Bridger  Santa Barbara International Film Festival Award for Outstanding Performance
2003  Monster  Aileen Wuornos  Academy Award for Best Actress
Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama
Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature
Independent Spirit Award for Best Lead Female
National Board of Review Award for Best Breakthrough Performance by an Actress
National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress
Santa Barbara International Film Festival Award for Outstanding Performance
Satellite Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama
Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role - Motion Picture
Silver Bear for Best Actress (tied with Catalina Sandino Moreno for Maria full of Grace)
Nominated—BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role
Nominated—London Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress
2004  The Life and Death of Peter Sellers  Britt Ekland  Nominated—Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress In A Mini-series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Nominated—Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress - Miniseries or a Movie
Nominated—Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie
2004  Head in the Clouds  Gilda Bessé
2005  North Country  Josey Aimes  Women Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress
Nominated—Academy Award for Best Actress
Nominated—BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role
Nominated—Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Nominated- Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Nominated—Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama
Nominated—Satellite Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Drama
Nominated—Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role - Motion Picture
2005  Æon Flux  Æon Flux
2005  Æon Flux (video game)  Æon Flux  Voice
2007  In the Valley of Elah  Det. Emily Sanders
2008  Sleepwalking  Joleen  Also producer
2008  Hancock  Mary Embrey  Nominated—Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress
2008  Battle in Seattle  Ella  Stuart Townsend directing
2009  The Burning Plain  Sylvia  Nominated—Saturn Award for Best Actress
2009  The Road  Wife
2011  Young Adult  Mavis Gary  Palm Springs International Film Festival Vanguard Award for Creative Ensemble
Variety's Indie Impact Award
Nominated – Central Ohio Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Nominated – Dallas-Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Nominated – Detroit Film Critics Society Award for Best Actress
Nominated – National Board of Review Award for Best Actress (runner-up)
Nominated – Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Nominated – Georgia Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress
Nominated – Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy
Nominated – Satellite Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture
2012  Snow White & the Huntsman  Queen Ravenna
2012  Prometheus  Meredith Vickers
2013  Mad Max 4: Fury Road  Furiosa  Pre-production
Television Year  Title  Role  Notes
2005  Arrested Development  Rita (Mr.F)  5 episodes
2006  Robot Chicken  Daniel's Mom / Mother / Waitress  1 episode
Music Videos Year  Title  Role  Notes
2010  Crossfire  Mysterious and dangerous rescuer  Song by Brandon Flowers
Producer Year  Title  Notes
2006  East of Havana  Documentary
2008  Sleepwalking  Also actress
2008  The Burning Plain  Executive, also actress
2011  Young Adult  Also actress
Display the full biography...
Numerology: Birth Path of Charlize Theron
This paragraph begins with a few excerpts of the astrological portrait which analyses several features of the personality of Charlize Theron, from a numerological view, dealing only with the life path.
Testimonies to numerology are found in the most ancient civilizations and show that numerology pre-dates astrology. This discipline considers the name, the surname, and the date of birth, and ascribes a meaning to alphabetic letters according to the numbers which symbolise them.
The path of life, based on the date of birth, provides indications on the kind of destiny which one is meant to experience. It is one of the elements that must reckoned with, along with the expression number, the active number, the intimacy number, the achievement number, the hereditary number, the dominant numbers or the lacking numbers, or also the area of expression, etc.
Your Birth Path:
Your Life Path is influenced by the number 1, Charlize, which often prompts you to have an active and sometimes original life. 1 is the number of creativity and indicates individual destinies which are achieved at the cost of personal efforts because, although the path may lead very far, it climbs steeply upwards. You need to learn to manage your life with a strong willpower while using your own resources. It is most likely that you reach the best of your possibilities if you choose a free-lance occupation, or anything which allows a lot of personal initiatives. You really need freedom of action. You prefer to innovate rather than to follow the trend, and to create rather than limiting your activities to repetitive tasks. Thus, your life may be theatre of spectacular twists and turns, all the more so because the more you progress, the more your indecisiveness fades away. In such conditions, it is necessary that you strive to maintain a minimal degree of stability in the course of your life.
Charlize Theron was born under the sign of the Cat, element Wood
Chinese astrology is brought to us as a legacy of age-old wisdom and invites us to develop an awareness of our inner potential. It is believed that the wise man is not subjected to stellar influences. However, we must gain the lucidity and the distance without which we remain locked up in an implacable destiny. According to the legend of the Circle of Animals, Buddha summoned all the animals to bid them farewell before he left our world. Only twelve species answered Buddha's call. They form the Chinese Zodiac and symbolize the twelve paths of wisdom that are still valid nowadays.
The Asian wise man considers that a path is neither good nor bad. One can and must develop one's potentialities. The first step is to thoroughly know oneself.
In China, the Cat is also known as the Hare. Since you are a diplomat, you know better than anyone how to avoid any possible attacks and get round problems. You play your game well, even in difficult situations, and you never get involved in meaningless confrontations.
Besides, you loathe violence and you seek a harmonious and peaceful lifestyle. You are shrewd and inventive and in many instances, you demonstrate your ability to take advantage of events without claiming to influence their unfolding. It is better for you to adjust to the context than to clash head-on with your interlocutors!
However, your serenity hides an unshakeable determination, a will to allow no one to influence your decisions. You don't let people meddle in your privacy. Although you elicit confidences from an entourage eager for wisdom, you carefully avoid getting involved in other people's problems.
You have the reputation of being distant and sometimes indifferent. Actually, you are protecting your own balance through a course of action that is not connected with prevailing vicissitudes. Your strength lies in your undeniable stability. Fashion, trends or hurdles cannot overcome your unwavering will to live according to your inner certainties. The reed may bend but it does not break. This is the whole subtlety and strength of the feline!
Chinese astrology has five elements, which are referred to as agents: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water.
You have a deep affinity with the agent Wood. In China, this element corresponds to the planet Jupiter, the green colour and the number 8.
You are sensitive to the harmony of your life setting and you come across as an accommodating person. Indeed, you deem useless to hurt your close friends without a sound reason. On the contrary, you strive to maintain a good balance around you.
The agent Wood implies some creative abilities: the liveliness of your imagination goes hand in hand with a sense of realities that prevents you from pursuing chimerical objectives. Your numerous projects can be successfully carried out, all the more so because, better than anyone, you are able to convince your interlocutors and forge the supports required by your plans and your ambitions.
The diplomacy you use when your interests are at stake can but favour the success of your endeavours. The only risk may be that you scatter your energy and reach saturation point because you try too hard to create, design, compose... Therefore, it is important that you limit the scope of some of your investigation fields.
Astrological portrait of Charlize Theron (excerpt)
Introduction
Here are some character traits from Charlize Theron's birth chart. This description is far from being comprehensive but it can shed light on his/her personality, which is still interesting for professional astrologers or astrology lovers.
In a matter of minutes, you can get at your email address your  astrological portrait (approximately 32 pages), a much more comprehensive report than this portrait of of Charlize Theron.
N.B.: As this celebrity's birth time is unknown, the chart is drawn for 12:00 PM - the legal time for his/her place of birth; since astrological houses are not taken into account, this astrological profile excerpt is less detailed than those for which the birth time is known.
The dominant planets of Charlize Theron
When interpreting a natal chart, the best method is to start gradually from general features to specific ones. Thus, there is usually a plan to be followed, from the overall analysis of the chart and its structure, to the description of its different character traits.
In the first part, an overall analysis of the chart enables us to figure out the personality's main features and to emphasize several points that are confirmed or not in the detailed analysis: in any case, those general traits are taken into account. Human personality is an infinitely intricate entity and describing it is a complex task. Claiming to rapidly summarize it is illusory, although it does not mean that it is an impossible challenge. It is essential to read a natal chart several times in order to absorb all its different meanings and to grasp all this complexity. But the exercise is worthwhile.
In brief, a natal chart is composed of ten planets: two luminaries, the Sun and the Moon, three fast-moving or individual planets, Mercury, Venus and Mars, two slow-moving planets, Jupiter and Saturn, and three very slow-moving planets, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto. Additional secondary elements are: the Lunar Nodes, the Dark Moon or Lilith, Chiron and other asteroids such as Vesta, Pallas, Ceres or Juno. There are also special features such as the Arabic Parts, the Vertex, the Black Sun, hypothetical planets, etc. They are all posited on the Zodiac wheel consisting of twelve signs, from Aries to Pisces, and divided into twelve astrological houses.
The first step is to evaluate the importance of each planet. This is what we call identifying the dominant planets. This process obeys rules that depend on the astrologer's sensitivity and experience but it also has precise and steady bases: thus, we can take into account the parameters of a planet's activity (the number of active aspects a planet forms, the importance of each aspect according to its nature and its exactness), angularity parameters; (proximity to the four angles, Ascendant, Midheaven, Descendant and Imum Coeli or Nadir, all of them being evaluated numerically, according to the kind of angle and the planet-angle distance) and quality parameters (rulership, exaltation, exile and fall). Finally, other criteria such as the rulership of the Ascendant and the Midheaven etc. are important.
These different criteria allow a planet to be highlighted and lead to useful conclusions when interpreting the chart.
The overall chart analysis begins with the observation of three sorts of planetary distributions in the chart: Eastern or Western hemisphere, Northern or Southern hemisphere, and quadrants (North-eastern, North-western, South-eastern and South-western). These three distributions give a general tone in terms of introversion and extraversion, willpower, sociability, and behavioural predispositions.
Then, there are three additional distributions: elements (called triplicity since there are 3 groups of signs for each one) - Fire, Air, Earth and Water - corresponding to a character typology, modality (or quadruplicity with 4 groups of signs for each one) - Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable - and polarity (Yin and Yang).
There are three types of dominants: dominant planets, dominant signs and dominant houses. The novice thinks astrology means only "to be Aries" or sometimes, for example, "to be Aries Ascendant Virgo". It is actually far more complex. Although the Sun and the Ascendant alone may reveal a large part of the character - approximately a third or a half of your psychological signature, a person is neither "just the Sun" (called the sign) nor just "the first house" (the Ascendant). Thus, a particular planet's influence may be significantly increased; a particular sign or house may contain a group of planets that will bring nuances and sometimes weaken the role of the Ascendant, of the Sun sign etc.
Lastly, there are two other criteria: accentuations (angular, succedent and cadent) which are a classification of astrological houses and types of decanates that are occupied (each sign is divided into three decanates of 10° each). They provide additional information in this first general part.
These eleven (or six, if the birth time is unknown) general character traits must not be taken literally; they are, somehow, preparing for the chart reading. They allow to understand the second part of the analysis, which is more detailed and precise. It focuses on every area of the personality and provides a synthesis of all the above-mentioned parameters according to sound hierarchical rules.
Warning: when the birth time is unknown, which is the case for Charlize Theron, a few paragraphs become irrelevant; distributions in hemispheres and quadrants are meaningless, so are dominant houses and houses' accentuations. Therefore, some chapters are removed from this part.
For all paragraphs, the criteria for valuation are calculated without taking into account angles and rulerships of the Ascendant and of the Midheaven. The methodology retains its validity, but it is less precise without a time of birth.
Elements, Modalities and Polarities for Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron, Fire is dominant in your natal chart and endows you with intuition, energy, courage, self-confidence, and enthusiasm! You are inclined to be passionate, you assert your willpower, you move forward, and come hell or high water, you achieve your dreams and your goals. The relative weakness of this element is the difficulty to step back or a kind of boldness that may prompt you to do foolish things.
Like the majority of Earth signs, Charlize Theron, you are efficient, concrete and not too emotional. What matters to you is what you see: you judge the tree by its fruits. Your ideas keep changing, words disappear, but actions and their consequences are visible and remain. Express your sensitivity, even if it means revealing your vulnerability. Emotions, energy and communication must not be neglected; concrete action is meaningless if it is not justified by your heart, your intellect or your enthusiasm.
Air is under-represented in your natal chart, with only 9.69% instead of the average 25%. Air symbolizes the values of communication, exchanges with others, but also adaptability and flexibility abilities: if you don't get out of your cocoon to talk, to show interest in others, and to socialize, you may have problems understanding others. Because of your lack of flexibility or of your refusal to adapt yourself, you may be suddenly overwhelmed by events. You should get into the habit of talking, of phoning, and of thinking in terms of "mobility, flexibility, adaptability, change" in every circumstance. It will spare you so many troubles!
Your natal chart shows a lack of the Water element, with only 3.96% instead of the average 25%. Whether you are aware of it or not, affective values bring about problems, for you or your close friends. In general, a lack of Water does not necessarily mean that you are unable to love as much as others do. However, you may find it difficult to express the deepness of your heart and of your feelings. In the best cases, you come to terms with it, you adjust, you manage to show more affection or, why not, you pretend to be really affected! In the worst cases, you get into the terrible habit of repressing these essential values and you tend to forget that they are the basis of the richest and strongest bonds between human beings.
The twelve zodiacal signs are split up into three groups or modes, called quadruplicities, a learned word meaning only that these three groups include four signs. The Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable modes are more or less represented in your natal chart, depending on planets' positions and importance, and on angles in the twelve signs.
The Fixed mode corresponds to a majority of elements in your chart, Charlize Theron, and represents the desire for security and durability: you are able to concretely appreciate a situation and its stability. You definitely prefer to play the role of a loyal, obstinate and hard-working person, rather than to try new and risky experiences - beware, however, not to confuse obstinacy with intransigence. You structure, cement, and strengthen everything you find on your way: it is your nature, although you are not especially interested in swiftness: slow and steady...
The twelve signs are divided into two polarities, called active or passive, or sometimes masculine and feminine, positive and negative, Yang and Yin. This classification corresponds to two quite distinct tonalities, the first one bringing extraversion, action, self-confidence and dynamism, the second one, introversion, reactivity, reflection and caution. None is superior to the other, each group has its own assets and shortcomings. Odd signs - Aries, Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius and Aquarius - belong to the first group, whereas even signs - Taurus, Cancer, Virgo, Scorpio, Capricorn and Pisces - belong to the second group.
N.B.: this dominant is a minor one. It is not essential that you read its meaning in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations.
According to the disposition and qualities of your planets and angles, you are rather influenced by Yang energy, the active polarity, Charlize Theron: more concerned about actions than reflection, you sometimes rush without standing back and without the deepness that is needed. However, your spontaneity prompts you to take fresh starts, even after repeated failures caused by your rashness.
Each sign contains 30 degrees and can be divided into three equal parts: the decanates. The Tradition indicates that specific meanings can be associated to each of the three decanates. Their sphere of activity is usually limited to the Sun sign, however, it is even more interesting to observe the distribution of all the planets in the chart to get an idea of the respective importance of the three decanates, which can complement the description of the personality.
These meanings must be considered with the greatest caution. Indeed, they are minor characteristics that can only underline other outstanding traits of character.
Traditionally, the first decanate highlights the characteristics of the sign where a planet is located. The two other decanates correspond to sub-dominant planets, depending on the nature of each sign. This system leads to a multiplication of meanings and it is impossible to have a clear understanding: here, we prefer to give only the meaning of one decanate in comparison with the other two, within the birth chart as a whole. Again, the greatest caution is needed with regard to this minor indication as it is not always reliable: it is not essential that you read these texts in the beginning. You can get back to them later on, once you have read more important interpretations
The second decanate, which means the part between 10° and 20° of any zodiacal sign, prevails in your natal chart, Charlize Theron: these 10 zodiacal degrees emphasize logical thought and mental values. Therefore, you may be drawn to some kind of scientific activities, research, writing or any sort of expression where you have to... think a lot.
Dominants: Planets, Signs and Houses for Charlize Theron
The issue of dominant planets has existed since the mists of time in astrology: how nice it would be if a person could be described with a few words and one or several planets that would represent their character, without having to analyse such elements as rulerships, angularities, houses, etc!
The ten planets - the Sun throughout Pluto - are a bit like ten characters in a role-play, each one has its own personality, its own way of acting, its own strengths and weaknesses. They actually represent a classification into ten distinct personalities, and astrologers have always tried to associate one or several dominant planets to a natal chart as well as dominant signs and houses.
Indeed, it is quite the same situation with signs and houses. If planets symbolize characters, signs represent hues - the mental, emotional and physical structures of an individual. The sign in which a planet is posited is like a character whose features are modified according to the place where he lives. In a chart, there are usually one, two or three highlighted signs that allow to rapidly describe its owner.
Regarding astrological houses, the principle is even simpler: the twelve houses correspond to twelve fields of life, and planets tenanting any given house increase that house's importance and highlight all relevant life departments: it may be marriage, work, friendship etc.
In your natal chart, Charlize Theron, the ten main planets are distributed as follows:
The three most important planets in your chart are Sun, Neptune and Moon.
One of the dominant planets in your birth chart is the Sun. He symbolizes will, magnetism, sense of honour and dignity. You are a Solar being, and you often display charismatic and leadership qualities. Your warmth and your persuasive power lead you far away from pettiness. You enjoy thinking big and, consequently, you move forward according to what you decide.
Your Solarian weakness may be related to the sin of pride or to excessive authority. The frontier between pride and vanity is tenuous: be careful not to overstep it and to keep the nobleness of heart that is part of your charm.
With Neptune as one of your three dominant planets, you are a secretive and ambiguous person, often confused or unclear about your own motivations! Indeed, you are endowed with unlimited imagination and inspiration, as well as with an extreme sensibility that may turn you into a psychic or a clairvoyant. On the other hand, your impressionability is such that you may have difficulties in separating what is concrete and solid from illusions or dreams.
A mystic, a visionary or a poetess, you daydream, like any Neptunian, and you see what few people only can see, all of this being shrouded in aesthetic mists when you are fired with enthusiasm.
A boundless, infinity-loving woman like you is inevitably likely to be more vulnerable and easily hurt because of your acute perception of events. In such cases, you are hit full in the face, and you may sink into gloomy daydreamings and dark melancholy.
That said, this mysterious aura definitely gives you an indefinable charm in the eyes of your close friends who are often fascinated by your unique ability to feel and to see what ordinary people can never see!
The Moon is one of the most important planets in your chart and endows you with a receptive, emotive, and imaginative nature. You have an innate ability to instinctively absorb atmospheres and impressions that nurture you, and as a result, you are often dreaming your life away rather than actually living it.
One of the consequences of your spontaneity may turn into popularity, or even fame: the crowd is a living and complex entity, and it always appreciates truth and sincerity rather than calculation and total self-control.
As a Lunar character, you find it difficult to control yourself, you have to deal with your moods, and you must be careful not to stay passive in front of events: nothing is handed on a plate, and although your sensitivity is rich, even richer than most people's, you must make a move and spare some of your energy for... action!
In your natal chart, the three most important signs - according to criteria mentioned above - are in decreasing order of strength Leo, Taurus and Libra. In general, these signs are important because your Ascendant or your Sun is located there. But this is not always the case: there may be a cluster of planets, or a planet may be near an angle other than the Midheaven or Ascendant. It may also be because two or three planets are considered to be very active because they form numerous aspects from these signs.
Thus, you display some of the three signs' characteristics, a bit like a superposition of features on the rest of your chart, and it is all the more so if the sign is emphasized.
With Leo as a dominant sign, you naturally shine brightly. Your dignity, your sense of honour, and your generosity can almost turn you into a solar mythological hero, a knight or a lord from the ancient times. People may blame you for your selfishness, your pride or your somewhat loud authority, but if you are self-confident, kind-hearted and strong-willed, it surely makes up for your little flaws, as long as they remain moderate...
With the Taurus sign so important in your chart, you are constructive, stable, and sensual. Good taste, sense of beauty, manners, and unfailing good sense - all these qualities contribute to your charm and seductive power. Furthermore, if some people criticize your slow pace and your stubbornness, you rightly reply that this is the price for your security, and that you like the way it is - slow and steady....
With Libra as a dominant sign in your birth chart, you love to please, to charm, and to be likeable. Moreover, you are naturally inclined towards tolerance and moderation, as well as elegance and tact, as if you were meant to please! Of course, you always find malcontents who criticize your lack of authenticity or of courage and your half-heartedness, but your aim is to be liked, and in this field, you are an unrivalled champion!
After this paragraph about dominant planets, of Charlize Theron, here are the character traits that you must read more carefully than the previous texts since they are very specific: the texts about dominant planets only give background information about the personality and remain quite general: they emphasize or, on the contrary, mitigate different particularities or facets of a personality. A human being is a complex whole and only bodies of texts can attempt to successfully figure out all the finer points.
Your sensitivity
You seek other people's attention and approval, Charlize Theron, you need to exteriorize your emotions, to interpret them, and even to dramatically enact them because it is essential for you to shine at the front of the stage. You always try to achieve more and better than anyone else and, whatever the situation may be, you strive to remain warm, generous, loyal, honest, straightforward and courageous. You are always available when your assistance or your advice is needed and you are glad and proud to help. However, you must be wary not to overdo, as you may be domineering! You are not indispensable and people might think that you are self-centered and authoritarian when you handle things with no regard for your entourage's views. It would be regrettable that you project such an image because it may only reveal a lack of self-confidence and you are only trying to reassure yourself...
Your intellect and your social life
Your intellectual and nervous energy is considerable, Charlize Theron, with good concentration abilities and a strong determination. You have plenty of planning and organization skills and enthusiasm. Your helpfulness is deep and you never hesitate to solve other people's problems. You are thought of as a reliable person and you enjoy it very much. You believe in your own capacities and you tend to speak with a dramatic pomposity because you want to attract attention. People who do not share your opinion are in trouble! Your determination is strongest and you may show stubbornness and inflexibility because you do not easily accept it when your ideas or your actions are criticized. Some people believe that you assert yourself in an authoritarian and condescending way, but you are not aware of it and therefore, you keep on thinking that you are right.
Your affectivity and your seductiveness
In your chart, the Sun is in Leo, and Venus, in Virgo. Leo is in love with love, anxious to shine and to be up to any promising situation. On the other hand, Virgo is more anxious to organize her realm than to expand her territory; she needs to control the elements at her disposal rather than to enlarge her sphere of activity. These contradictions are probably reflected in your affective behaviours: whereas your ambitions and your models bring about an offensive mind and you are absorbed in your intense thirst for domination, your desires and your natural tendencies are more balanced and reserved. Therefore, the image you project may conceal your true nature, which is sentimental, sensitive, modest and vulnerable. It is part of your charm but it is also your Achilles’ heel: quid pro quos may come from the image you strive to give of yourself because, inevitably, it is distorted by your will to unreasonably show off. Your natural dignity (commendable as long as it is not exaggerate) is much to your credit, but it may also be the source of misunderstandings. Does the person who loves you know your affective aspirations? Mutual trust is one of the fundamental keys to your fulfilment. When passion and wisdom get along well, you become able to give of your best.
Charlize Theron, inside yourself, feelings are strong and powerful. However, you never show them before weighing up and considering all the possible consequences of your words and your actions: fieriness and spontaneousness are toned down because you cannot help controlling yourself, probably due to your modesty, your discretion or your shyness; you are frightened because you are so concerned with other people's opinion that you see passion, or expressing your feelings too quickly, as sources of danger. However, you are helpful, simple, and you do not fuss around. Reason prevails in your love life but your heart may flare up when the context is well organized and everyday life is cautiously handled with good sense, tidiness and cleanliness. Your sensitivity prompts you to avoid excesses and outbursts and this is how you think that you can achieve happiness without risk.
Your will and your inner motivations
Psychologically speaking, your nature is powerful and self-assured. You are a leader whose strength and nobleness naturally arouse your entourage’s respect and adherence and your legitimacy is unquestioned. Your sense of commandment, the honour your person constantly exudes, your prestige and your charisma is a whole which puts you into the spotlight wherever you go.
As you are born under this sign, you are proud, determined, wilful, loyal, solemn, generous, ambitious, courageous, heroic, full of vitality, creative, confident, seductive, happy, daring, proud, majestic, honest, magnanimous, charismatic, responsible, noble, brilliant, radiant, dramatic, affectionate, full of humour, demonstrative, swaggering and self-confident.You can also be domineering, conceited, touchy, authoritarian, stubborn, intolerant, self-centered, irascible, violent, and nonchalant
In love, Madam, you are so proud and you have so much self-confidence that, at the beginning, you will probably need some time to find the partner whom you deem worthy of you.
You shine and you need to be told so; more often than not, your partner, too, must shine… Pre-requisites seem to abound. However, as you mature, you will understand that all that glitters is not gold and that gold may be even more solid when it is less apparent. Then, you will reach higher levels of harmony with your partner.
Your weakness probably lies in your sensitivity to splits, a sort of major ordeal you will not be able to overcome rapidly.
You are a charming partner, with a lot of humour. You are brilliant, bubbling and you receive your guests wonderfully well, all the more so if they belong to your world. Your children will be particularly important to you and they will immensely contribute to your happiness.
Your ability to take action
Charlize Theron, the way you take action gains in power and in precision what it loses in rapidity and spontaneity. You are “slow”, certainly. But when you get started, you put all your ingenuity and your persistence into it and you love to see a job well done. At the end of the day, owing to your ways, you are the winner. In your sex life, similarly, you are generous and instinctive and your slowness is not an obstacle. It may even bring fulfilment to you, but above all, to your partner! In love, as well as in your exchanges in general, you tend to keep your worries to yourself because you are extremely patient; you don't say anything, you stand all the hits and one day, you explode into outbursts of anger that are as violent as they are rare, thanks God.
Conclusion
This text is only an excerpt from of Charlize Theron's portrait. We hope that it will arouse your curiosity, and that it will prompt you to deepen your knowledge of astrology, as well as to visit and use the wide range of free applications at www.astrotheme.com .
Astrological studies describe many of the character traits and they sometimes go deeper into the understanding of a personality. Please, always keep in mind that human beings are continuously evolving and that many parts of our psychological structures are likely to be expressed later, after having undergone significant life's experiences. It is advised to read a portrait with hindsight in order to appreciate its astrological content. Under this condition, you will be able to take full advantage of this type of study.
The analysis of an astrological portrait consists in understanding four types of elements which interact with one another: ten planets, twelve zodiacal signs, twelve houses, and what are called aspects between planets (the 11 aspects most commonly used are: conjunction, opposition, square, trine, sextile, quincunx, semi-sextile, sesqui-quadrate, quintile and bi-quintile. The first 5 aspects enumerated are called major aspects).
Planets represent typologies of our human psychology: sensitivity, affectivity, ability to undertake, will-power, mental process, aptitude, and taste for communication etc., all independent character facets are divided here for practical reasons. The twelve signs forming the space where planets move will "colour", so to speak, these typologies with each planet being located in its particular sign. They will then enrich the quality of these typologies, as expressed by the planets. The Zodiac is also divided into twelve astrological houses. This makes sense only if the birth time is known because within a few minutes, the twelve houses (including the 1st one, the Ascendant) change significantly. They correspond to twelve specific spheres of life: external behaviour, material, social and family life, relationship, home, love life, daily work, partnership, etc. Each planet located in any given house will then act according to the meaning of its house, and a second colouration again enriches those active forces that the planets symbolize. Finally, relations will settle among planets, creating a third structure, which completes the planets' basic meanings. A set of ancient rules, which has stood the test of experience over hundreds of years (although astrology is in evolution, only reliable elements are integrated into classical studies), are applied to organize the whole chart into a hierarchy and to allow your personality to be interpreted by texts. The planets usually analysed are the Sun, the Moon, Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, which means two luminaries (the Sun and the Moon) and 8 planets, a total of 10 planets. Additional secondary elements may be taken into account, such as asteroids Chiron, Vesta, Pallas, Ceres (especially Chiron, more well-known), the Lunar nodes, the Dark Moon or Lilith, and even other bodies: astrology is a discipline on the move. Astrological studies, including astrological portrait, compatibility of couples, predictive work, and horoscopes evolve and become more accurate or deeper, as time goes by.
Precision: According to the Tradition, a planet near the beginning (called cuspide) of the next house (less than 4 degrees for the Ascendant and the Midheaven, and less than 3 degrees for all other houses) belongs to this house: our texts take this rule into account in this interactive natal chart and in every astrological programme.
Warning: In order to avoid any confusion and any possible controversy, we want to draw your attention upon the fact that this sample of celebrities is very complete and therefore, it also includes undesirable people, since every category is represented: beside artists, musicians, politicians, lawyers, professional soldiers, poets, writers, singers, explorers, scientists, academics, religious figures, saints, philosophers, sages, astrologers, mediums, sportsmen, chess champions, famous victims, historical characters, members of royal families, models, painters, sculptors, and comics authors or other actual celebrities, there are also famous murderers, tyrants and dictators, serial-killers, or other characters whose image is very negative, often rightly so.
Regarding the latter, it must be remembered that even a monster or at least a person who perpetrated odious crimes, has some human qualities, often noticed by his/her close entourage: these excerpts come from computer programmes devoid of polemical intentions and may seem too soft or lenient. The positive side of each personality is deliberately stressed. Negative sides have been erased here - it is not the same in our comprehensive reports on sale - because it could hurt the families of such people. We are hoping that it will not rebound on the victims' side.
Disclaimer: this page is one among hundreds of thousands of pages available online on Astrotheme astrological website. These short excerpts of astrological charts, like the one below, are computer processed in French and in English. They are, by no means, of a personal nature . This principle is valid for the 42,374 famous people currently included in our database. These texts provide the meanings of planets, or combination of planets, in signs and in houses, as well as the interpretations of planetary dominants in line with modern Western astrology rules. When the birth time is unknown, (12:00 PM (unknown)), these portrait excerpts do not take into account the parameters derived from the time, which means, the domification (Ascendant, astrological houses, etc.). Nonetheless, these analyses remain accurate in any case. Therefore, no negative aspect, which may damage the good reputation of a celebrity, is posted, for Astrotheme is not a polemic website. Regarding the sources of the birth data in our possession, kindly note that the pages we publish constitute a starting point for more detailed research, even though they seem useful to us. When the sources are contradictory, which occurs rarely, after having analysed them, we choose the most reliable one. Sometimes, we publish a birth date just because it is made available, but we do not claim that is it the best one, by no means.
