June 29, 2011 at 9:13 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Nancy Johnson
Mr. Morgan,
Please stop interrupting your guests.  I'd like to hear what they have to say.  Thank you.
Nancy Johnson
June 29, 2011 at 9:16 pm | Report abuse | Reply
kikki K
You can not stop interrupting?  I really want to hear what she has to say.  How about letting her finish her sentences?
June 29, 2011 at 9:42 pm | Report abuse | Reply
John Young
Where can I buy the Tee Shirt Charlize Theron talked about her organization?
Great guest...very inspiring human being!
June 29, 2011 at 9:45 pm | Report abuse | Reply
AA
Charlize Theron is a RACIST. She said in the October 14, 1996 issue of PEOPLE magazine that "there is no more hope for whites now that apartheid is over. Apartheid was a racist and brutal regime and comments such as that should not be taken lightly.
June 29, 2011 at 9:47 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Karla
Oh puleeze.  Your read this in People's Mag in 1996!!
(BTW it takes one to know one).
June 29, 2011 at 10:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Brenda
AA and AB are you the same person? People magazine in 1996 hehe. Do you really believe the gossip mags? That's hysterical. Anyway even if she did say that (and I said IF).... she is RIGHT.
There just are no jobs for middle aged white and blue collar people in SA. End of story.
July 3, 2011 at 10:56 pm | Report abuse | Reply
mike richards
i wonder, why brenda there are no jobs for whites, wht goes around comes arnd
February 5, 2012 at 8:50 pm | Report abuse |
charlotte
Dear Mr. Morgan,
As the above comments, I have been wanting to tell you the same since you started on CNN.  If you interviewed everyone with the complete and utter respect that you gave Oprah, you will do very well.  You didn't interrupt her and you didn't dig for dirt.  It is very obvious who you respect and who you are just doing the interview with.  The way you currently conduct your interviews, you may get the interview, though you will lose respect from the person you are interviewing and from your audience.  Also, they are honoring you with their presence, you might consider to shake everyone's hand when thanking them for the interview, instead of only a select few.  Thank you*
June 29, 2011 at 10:00 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Carol
June 29, 2011 at 10:01 pm | Report abuse | Reply
ilive2lrn
Carol.  We know all daughters don't feel the same way about their mothers, however, she does and so do I.   Some of us have heroes for moms and I am sorry that you apparently do not.
June 30, 2011 at 4:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply
richard
Piers. like so many other interviewers. are not very good at drawing out their guests, they go in to an interview with a list of questions (which is fine). but when a guess makes an interesting statement, they do not ask follow up questions, that's why they have no business interviewing politicians, they just let them spout their talking points.
June 29, 2011 at 10:01 pm | Report abuse | Reply
EddieBk
Piers Morgan;
You had a fellow on your show tonight who critized Unions. A lot of families would not have what they have today if it wer not for UNIONS. They gave people health care, pensions and good wages. It was the Republicans who were in the White House, who let our JOBS go to CHINA. Look in the back of your shirt..I'll bet its made in China. There is no other country in the world who would let us come into their Country and put their workers out of work. When they bring, and let them build factories they bring in a thopusand or more workers SUPPOSEDLY to train Americans how to build their cars.  President Obama inherited the WAR..costing millions a day also inherited OUR manufactures go to China for CHEAP and even CHILD  LABOR. Yet  they want us to pay the same high price for their goods. AMERICANS CAN SEW, MAKE SHOES, SHIRTS ETC.Our UNIONS  did this..with hHEALTH CARE,BETTER WAGES & RETIREMENT.
Yet some shoeclerk comes on CNN and downs the UNIONS..He ddoes not know whgat a UNION is.
EddieBk
June 29, 2011 at 10:23 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Miriam
June 29, 2011 at 11:13 pm | Report abuse | Reply
AB
she danced around apartheid and the privileges she enjoyed being white.  She delved in depth however on AIDS, the issues of lack education,  all the problems that SA has since apartheid is over...
June 30, 2011 at 12:47 am | Report abuse | Reply
Brenda
Oh please AB get a life! Charlize Theron is an artist not a politician. Aparteid against blacks died a long, LONG time ago, so get over it already.
Please go and pick a political fight on an appropriate forum or go back under the bridge where all trolls belong.
July 3, 2011 at 10:43 pm | Report abuse | Reply
boopunn
charlize i would be happy to date you.you seem to be a very interesting person with alot of life experience.
June 30, 2011 at 12:47 am | Report abuse | Reply
kathy
I am so sick of these liberal actors coming to the United States and bashing this country.  If it's so bad why is Charlize still here?  Go back to South Africa and see how free you are.
June 30, 2011 at 12:57 am | Report abuse | Reply
PoliticsandCelebs
More than a pretty face. She grew up where real issues and politics were a way of life . We just complain.
Loved her depth of knowledge. I too have interviewed her in person ( she's stunning) and admire the way she opens up just enough to be intriguing, but restricts herself just enough to remain interesting.
If you want to see what a celebrity is all about... see what they have to say and do that's of substance.
I've got a recap of her political views at http://www.politicsandcelebs.com
June 30, 2011 at 1:13 am | Report abuse | Reply
ilive2lrn
Mr. Morgan:  Please be more polite and inclusive to ALL your guests and Ms. Therron, you are a well-spoken women who is extremely talented and I look forward to more movies from you.  Your mom must return the support and pride you so lovingly heap upon her.  If you get tired of the loud and brash please come visit us up north and join the Prince and Duchess for a long, warm Canadian holiday.  We will welcome you with open arms.
June 30, 2011 at 5:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Bridget Maybury New York
Dear Mr. Morgan,
Hello
First I would like to say that I think you are doing an excellent job at interviewing. You bring in great guest and you ask great questions.
As a nurse I wanted to make one correction to what Ms. Charlize Theron made during her recent interview with you. She made a comment about how she was so pleased "when a a 16 year old boy from south africa told her that he washes/cleans his used condom".  That is NOT correct a new one should be used.  Please share with readers.  Thank you, Bridget Maybury RN, MSN, ANP
July 2, 2011 at 4:33 pm | Report abuse | Reply
sfu
Bridget,
You clearly misunderstood what Charlize was trying to say. Charlize's point was that the boy was an example of the many people in Africa who want to be HIV-protected but simply are not educated about how to protect themselves. She knows that it is not safe to wash and reuse a condom.
July 16, 2011 at 9:49 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Tommy
I really wanted to hear what she had to say after she said, "I find it interesting that the 2nd Amendment has nothing to do with owning guns". He interrupted her at the end of that idiotic statement, I wanted to hear her elaborate.
July 2, 2011 at 10:37 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Brenda
I was REALLY interested in hearing Charlise Theron speak about herself and her life etc. Interested enough to tune into your lousy show which I try to avoid.
PLEASE stop interruptng guests with your fake laughing and dumb babble! Will you never learn that people are interested in the GUESTS – not in you. What could your reason be for interrupting? What can you possibly say that is even remotely interresting besides your disgusting fawning and spiteful jealous digs at your guests? You are arrogant and rude. How dare you call her a raging monster amongst other things and then in the end to try and chat her up. What a disgusting old sleazebag you are! When will CNN wake up and smell the coffee?
July 3, 2011 at 10:18 pm | Report abuse | Reply
John Gasparro Jr.
I recall reading an article many years ago by an investigative-reporter that told the story of how Charlise Theron was immediately sent to France by her mother in an effort to save her from being arrested for the murder of her abusive and alcoholic father in South Africa.  The articel stated that when her father came home one night–drunk and violent–he attacked the mother [as he had many times] and that this time, she got the fathers gun and shot him while he was brutalizing the mother.  The mother immediately sent Charlise to France to escape prosicution, and if I recall correctly, the mother took responsibility for the murder [IN SELF-DEFENSE] plea!  She was aquited and later Charlise relocated to the US to continue her modeling career. "Time heals all wounds?"
