June 29, 2011 at 9:45 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy P.
Efeturhi,  I agree with you 100 percent.  Somehow people try to use these Hollywood types as though they are some sort of authority on moral issues.  These people are the worst examples to give advise on moral issues.  Half of them are anti-God in their thoughts already and the lifestyle they live and seems to think is normal, is shameful.  The lawless will never find fault in the lawless.  It is normal behavior to them.   This woman has no moral teaching or she just subscribe to the Hollywood mindset to survive.  She chose Hollywood over divine teaching.  She uses the word divine and have no clue of it's meaning in her heart.  She is a loser just like all the other losers who support gay marriage.
June 29, 2011 at 10:32 pm | Report abuse | Reply
jim
I am glad that gays are achieving equal treatment in this country. That only leaves one group that has no equal rights, the old, white male. I am looking forward the day when that group will have its rights protected. I would hope that old white males and the other segment of population that will eventually become old white males, will take it upon them to protect the rights of this group.
June 29, 2011 at 10:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy P.
Jim,   I think people like you just disregard the word of God and place your trust in man's law.  I do believe people like you will regret your ignorance and defiance of our Lord's word and receive what is due to you.
June 29, 2011 at 10:17 pm | Report abuse | Reply
PSully
I will never be married and I have my parent to thank for this. My parents were married for 52yrs without even a separation. My father never laid a hand on my mother all those years. They never seemed to take any joy in their marriage though, my father was angry most of the time and indifferent the other time. My mother griped about all of
the things she missed out on in life and was basically a miserable person.
When I asked why they got married,they said " That is what people did in those days".
I will not be a brainless drone and I will make up my own mind. I see marriage as an archaic idea that is  really unnecessary.
If you want to get married knock yourselves out. Not me. To hell with what society thinks.
June 29, 2011 at 10:15 pm | Report abuse | Reply
River Guy
I don't get this. Isn't it the whole point that you should be able to get married if you want to, to the person you love – or NOT get married? So she doesn't want to get married.  Fine.  What's the issue? I mean, it's her life – let her live it.  It's not like that decision is hurting anyone else – marriage may be a public display, but its a display of something very personal, and not for others to judge....
June 29, 2011 at 10:19 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Sad
So sad to hear that Charlene doesn't want to get married because I would marry her in a heartbeat and I'm a woman.
June 29, 2011 at 10:19 pm | Report abuse | Reply
brian
thanks charlize for speaking your mind and thereby causing me to not care about ever seeing any of your movies, past present or future. i'm not gay, but keep your garbage to yourself... i used to listen to john mayer's music until the wshole universe discovered this incoherent fool who rambled endless about his relationships in a nonsensical, non musical environment... WE DONT WANT TO KNOW ABOUT YOUR TRASH.  Just sing songs and make movies.
June 29, 2011 at 10:22 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Edward
June 29, 2011 at 10:36 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy P.
We includes me also Edward.  Not all of us are spiritually ill.
June 29, 2011 at 10:45 pm | Report abuse |
ugonna wosu
January 15, 2012 at 12:46 pm | Report abuse | Reply
oh my
What's all this bible talk?  Where are the followers of Harry Potter, another great work of fiction?!!
June 29, 2011 at 10:30 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy P.
You will find out when you take your last breath.  This kind of Anti-God thinking will take you just where you're afraid to go.  That's a promise the Bible will keep.
June 29, 2011 at 10:35 pm | Report abuse | Reply
breathless
Just for fun, if I was a maker of gods, say a God Maker, I would make my God(s) nice.  My God would not mete out punishment just because of who consenting adults love, especially since it's based on biology which is something my God is responsible for. I also wouldn't make a God that is so into retribution. I would save retribution for such egregious things as child abuse (oops, sorry clergy but you'd be in a whole lot of trouble if you did wrong to a child) and possibly for the Doodlebops, who are so annoying to the point of evilness.
June 29, 2011 at 10:46 pm | Report abuse |
Michael
Sorry to ruin your day, but after your last breath?....nothing.
June 29, 2011 at 10:48 pm | Report abuse |
Edward
Marriage isn't necessary or natural. If two people want to separate marriage will not keep them together. Some may say that it's about two people's union with god, I'd argue that god didn't mind our ancestors having intercourse without marriage. Heck if you believe in evolution you could argue that god even endorsed polygamy at one point with the alpha male mating with all of the females. Man created the concept of marriage. That said, I am not against marriage, I think it's a good thing but I don't think it's a must as some religious people want us to believe.
June 29, 2011 at 10:32 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Nokat
There needs to be separation of celebs and politics
Most celebs should stick to their fairytale entertainment
June 29, 2011 at 10:44 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Michael
June 29, 2011 at 10:51 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Veritum
Hey!...
Could you please explain what YOUR definition of this would look like because no two people in this country can seem to agree on a common interpretation.
Thanks
June 29, 2011 at 11:04 pm | Report abuse |
Veritum
Just a quick question and comment;
Gay is a divine right?  I'm confused.  From what source does this actress derive that idea?  What does she mean by divine?  As determined by whom?  Is she implying the existence of a Divine God?  It would be nice to know to which god, gods or goddesses she is referring for her point of reference.  But if there is no God, then there is no divine.  Divine is relative depending on whom you are asking and objectively means nothing.
But if being gay is a "divine right" then who has thus bestowed it and declared it divine?  If merely a man or this woman, then divine is again, relative.  Is she referring to one of the 330 million Hindu gods?  Or maybe Buddhism, but classic Buddhism is atheist.  She cannot be referring to the God of Islam.  Sharia Law will kill you for this infraction.  And she cannot be referring to the God of the Christian Bible – there is absolutely 0 support.  Maybe the god of her dreams and her creation has thus declared it.  But, what does that mean?  Nothing.
This is why actors and actresses should stay out of politics and religion.  Stay in your field, do your job, and stop philosophically embarrassing yourselves.  It embarrasses the rest of us.
If you don't wish to marry, please do not.  Its hard work, but not without its benefits.  You get out of it what you put into it – like a cookie jar.  And if you are not interested in this kind of work please, please – do not ever have children.  There is no room in a child's life for a self-centered, selfish, serve-me, narcissist in their little lives.
Thank you for your time.
June 29, 2011 at 11:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Edward
By divine I assume she means natural. She said love is divine, I agree with her that love is divine as in it was not created by us but we are subject to it. It just is, that doesn't mean that I subscribe to a religious ideology.
June 29, 2011 at 11:27 pm | Report abuse | Reply
CJR
I don't care what they call it, just give me the same rights and protections as everyone else.  If a church doesn't want to perform a ceremony for GLBT peoples, then that should be their right to say no. However, for 90% of gay and lesbians, they will simply walk into a court room, sign a piece of paper and party privately with their friends and family.  I will gladly choose to keep the church out of my wedding plans, but the church needs choose to STAY the way out of my wedding.
I'll take a Civil Union as well as long as my partner and I are protected under the law.
June 30, 2011 at 12:07 am | Report abuse | Reply
Adela Wolf
Marriage is important to insecure women who need a man to feed them and to man enslaved by the societal norms, trying to grow up in a completely wrong way. Soon it will be the question of class. Only poor and uneducated will be the ones who get married. The rest will be rich enough to believe in pure love, the one which is not so delicate and fake, that it has to be guaranteed by the contract.
June 30, 2011 at 3:46 am | Report abuse | Reply
Sanni
I do not see anything wrong in praising one's mother, but this lady was asked to portray her father and for about a minute she could not utter a word for her father. How odd! Father may not be a saint, but is still the father.
July 17, 2011 at 3:13 pm | Report abuse | Reply
ugonna wosu
January 15, 2012 at 12:47 pm | Report abuse | Reply
criminal minds
I feel this is one of the most vital information for me. And i am happy reading your article. However wanna remark on few general issues, The website taste is wonderful, the articles is in reality great : D. Good job, cheers
June 17, 2012 at 9:50 am | Report abuse | Reply
Polly
June 29, 2011 at 3:22 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Wes
Some people are not the marring type.  what is wrong with that?  Troubled soul is over board conviction is low and for you opinion to be so off base think about this......While people stand there and say gays will ruin marriage and families.  Decrease the stability of the USA or the World.   End Christian civilization as we know it.  Show me the proof that this has happened in other places in the world.  Show me the bible where it says that(new testament and dont pull a translated bible out read it in Hebrew) and show me the facts that marriage has decreased since the 60s & 70s when the hippies were spreading all the diseases.   Look at your own convictions before throwing them on others.
June 29, 2011 at 3:22 pm | Report abuse | Reply
sheppard
You're not right.  You have no convictions.  See – you're not the only one who can be a self-righteous mind-reading know-it-all...
June 29, 2011 at 3:30 pm | Report abuse | Reply
BJ
Seems to me that she is basically saying that gays aren't the ones destroying marriage. The straights are doing a fine good job of it on their own. Her first hand account is her proof.
June 29, 2011 at 3:40 pm | Report abuse | Reply
JohnnyDH
I can't stand this type of close-mindedness that "anyone that does not think like I do is inferior".  I enjoy talking to and associating with people with different opinions than mine.  I happen to think that there should be no gay marriage, that we should obliterate anyone/anywhere that is a threat to our national security, and that we should eliminate all publicly funded social programs.  Does this mean that I talk down to people who disagree with me?  No, in fact I have many good friends who feel differently and we enjoy debating the pros and cons of different policies.  Wake up and realize that different doesn't explicitly mean bad.
June 29, 2011 at 3:43 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy
Yes, A Family is the "UNIT" of Society. If more and more people follow this logic, our Society will certainly have bad consequences. So such comments (no marriage) are OK as long as they are for Individuals or Gays (behind doors) => Do NOT make this as part of the Society because IT IS JUST NOT PART OF IT. Period.
June 29, 2011 at 3:48 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Breyette
Can we call it a civil Union?  Marriage was created by GOD for Man & Women, man cannot change that what God intended marriage to be.  A Civil Union would be a something a lot more of us could live with.   When we think we can change something God created, we have problems.
June 29, 2011 at 3:49 pm | Report abuse | Reply
steve
If I am not mistaken that was an intolerant statement by you....one who probably proclaims tolerance for all. If others do not agree with you go rot in a corner. Marriage provides much to our society economically and other-wise apart from those religous people rotting in the corner....just saying
June 29, 2011 at 3:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply
korben
Well if she is correct that it is a divine right! then why do we need government to step in an say who has the right to wed or not!   And that said we should then say it is up to the Devine Churches to say who can or cannot wed.  I bet Gay's and Charlize would not like the word Define after that is done.   But yes by all means let us say it is a devine right and the church has the final say on this.  I wont be upset either way they go!
June 29, 2011 at 4:26 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Apocatequil
June 29, 2011 at 5:28 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Marcei
June 29, 2011 at 5:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Mike
Seems to me that the label "intolerant" gets put on anyone who says "no" to something. If you want to be seen as tolerant do you have to say "yes" to whatever people say?
June 29, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Report abuse | Reply
LR
June 29, 2011 at 6:10 pm | Report abuse | Reply
sassypants
She is probably perfectly fine with the government telling us that we have to buy health insurance, pay for our neighbors insurance or eat vegetables. Defining marriage between a man and woman does not tell people who or how to love. It is not a divine right for two men and two women to be married. The government does not dictate what is divine, God does.
June 29, 2011 at 7:57 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Shane
I cannot wait until Charlize comes out of the closet. My gaydar is ringing loudly for this one. Charlize, the more gay people come out, the more people start accepting us. Please consider that. It's a brave thing to do, especially if you're a celebrity, but nothing will ever change if we don't stand up and be proud of who we are.
June 29, 2011 at 10:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Sergio Xcaliber
I like everything she had to say. She came real with it and I wish I had the opportunity to meet her.
June 30, 2011 at 12:25 am | Report abuse | Reply
John
Marriage was created by God, and God was created by people, therefore marriage was created by people.  Believe what you want, but don't try to force the rest of us to live by YOUR beliefs.
June 29, 2011 at 3:55 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Ross
I wonder how you "know" god created marriage? I wonder – how do you know there even "is" a god.
When you can prove the above – come back and let us know!
June 29, 2011 at 3:57 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy
@John => Your comments explain what is wrong with the World. "Man Created God"... Unbelievable and you have audacity to post it to Internet.
June 29, 2011 at 4:01 pm | Report abuse | Reply
YBP
There are no gods.  Gods went out of style about three hundred years ago.  It was called The Enlightenment.
June 29, 2011 at 4:09 pm | Report abuse | Reply
John
@Billy – You have absolutely no verifiable prrof of the existence of a god.  The bible was written by man.  The "existence" of god has been used over the centuries to explain the unexplainable, at best.... and to control populations at worst.  In both cases, it is a belief, not a fact.
You can believe what you want, but you'd still be wrong.
June 29, 2011 at 4:11 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Leslie
Ross – some of us choose to have faith; that's how we know there is a God.  If you choose not to have faith – that's your choice and you live with the outcomes of that choice.   If you think we're wrong and living in ignorance, that's our choice and we live with the outcomes of that choice.  If it makes us happy to have faith – fine.  If it makes you unhappy, and you think we're stupid – then so be it... to each his own.  We are not required to believe in gay "marriage" anymore than you are required to believe in God.
June 29, 2011 at 4:13 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Leslie
"You can believe what you want, but you'd still be wrong." So – those who believe in gay marriage can believe what they want, but they're still wrong - do I have it right John?
Ah yes, the good old double-standard.  Ya gotta love it!
June 29, 2011 at 4:18 pm | Report abuse | Reply
John
@Leslie – You make good points, but nobody is asking you to believe in gay marriage.  I don't believe in religion, but I would not try to stop people from believing by trying to pass a law that would prohibit religion.  Why do you and others (mostly religious) feel that they need to stop gays from getting married simply because they don't believe in it?  It sounds a bit like hypocrisy to me.
June 29, 2011 at 4:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply
gimmeabreak
To be fair, ALL "marriages" should be civil unions. If some people then want to have a church ceremony, they can knock themselves out. It's the legal rights and protections that gays want more so than the ceremony. Any fool can have a ceremony.
June 29, 2011 at 4:24 pm | Report abuse | Reply
funnyme
Everyone has different beliefs.  You cannot deny that.  Just because someone doesnt believe what you believe doesnt make them a bad person.  As far as god is concerned, everyone has their own beliefs.  If god made marriage then didnt he also create divorce?   Computer? Cars? Drivers licenses?  I think not! If one is happy not being married thats ok, it saves her from a potential ugly divorce.  Some people are not meant for marriage and/or kids.
June 29, 2011 at 4:30 pm | Report abuse | Reply
John
@gimmeabreak – Very true.  I just don't agree with religious fanatics that want to legislate based on their religion.  That's no different than what the Taliban wants to do, except here i is christians trying to do it.  It's wrong when the Taliban does it and it's wrong when catholics do it, period.  Believe what you want, but keep your religion personal..... son't go passing laws to make people follow your religion.
June 29, 2011 at 4:34 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Daniel
I agree. The only issue I have with the concept is calling it a 'marriage'. A marriage is a specific type of union and has been understood to be between a man and a woman. What is wrong with allowing others to have a 'Civil Union' with all the same legal protections and restrictions (i.e. age, etc.) but without calling it a 'Marriage'?  Can this not be the compromise position? One of my sisters is gay and she and her partner have been together for over 10 years now. They don't see the big deal either with it having to be called a 'marriage'. *shrug* Compromise sometimes ya' know?
June 29, 2011 at 4:44 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Sean
June 29, 2011 at 4:47 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Michelle
Man created marriage, not God.  Have you ever seen God perform a marraige ceremony?  No; humans do that.
The bible was written by humans; not God.  Have you seen God with paper and pen in his hand or at a printing press?
God created ours and probably countless other universes, but after that humans created all non-natural things on this planet.
June 29, 2011 at 4:47 pm | Report abuse | Reply
gps137
Strange, marriage predates recorded history yet Christianity spawned in only the last couple thousand years. Clearly, this separation of Christianity and marriage is the work of atheist time-travelling liberals biasing facts again.
(/snark)
June 29, 2011 at 5:01 pm | Report abuse | Reply
karlotious
GOD was created by man....just like everything else.... Start using your intelligence instead of faith...One has produced technology and improvement in man...the other leads to oppression and idiots...
June 29, 2011 at 5:12 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Dave
I'd like to second John, all around.  Funny, I don't normally comment on stories, much less this type of thing, but if the religious folks would not try to impact others, we'd all be fine with it.  Sure, believe what YOU want to believe if it makes you get by, but don't impact others' lives with your beliefs.  That's where problems arise...and frankly, is the root of many world problems.  Marriage should be about two loving people wanting to make lives together...or as was stated, it should all be civil unions and "marriage" can be a strictly religious deal and have NO impact on anything else in life.  Bottom line: believe in a god (or gods if you prefer ancient mythology to current), but please don't impact others or govern by it.
June 29, 2011 at 5:13 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Veronica
The term "marriage" began thousands of years ago as a contract between 2 men, usually landowners or traders for transactions that included the transfer of ownership of a female. At the time, women were treated as possessions, same as livestock, equipment and land. Over time, individuals with religious beliefs asked for a blessing or approval of their contract, making an offering in return for the approval. This is where the notion that "god" was involved began.
June 29, 2011 at 5:16 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy Williamson
Divorce was created by God.  Starvation was created by God.  Child molesters and murderers were created by God.  Hitler was created by God.    Death and sadness were created by god.  HIV was created by God.  Cancer was created by God.  Yet God was created by man.
June 29, 2011 at 5:21 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Charlie
Well god created gay people as well. Are you saying that one of god's creations cannot enjoy another one of his/her/it/if one exists creations?
June 29, 2011 at 5:27 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Mama2KOA
marriage was created as a way to barter young men and women in order to gain control of property or create wealth.
June 29, 2011 at 5:30 pm | Report abuse | Reply
k
You do realize that allowing  has no effect on your marriage right.  As a religious man, I could care less if you call it marriage, civil union, argle-bargle-gluff.  Just do it. At a legal level it needs to be allowed.  That doesn't mean your religion needs to as well.  Separate the two because they're completely unrelated.
June 29, 2011 at 5:35 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Jean Sartre
WRONG AGAIN!
MAN created GOD... then MAN created BOOKS telling us what GOD wanted, demanded us to do, so MAN could CONTROL other MEN...
UNDERSTAND?
June 29, 2011 at 6:08 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Joel
You say that with such authority.  I am almost convinced that you are an expert on the topic and have weighed out the pros and cons on both sides.  When I say almost, did you catch the truth behind what I meant?  You say "period" like it is up to you- which by a majority, it is.... I hope you don't have to endure restrictions placed upon you when you are a minority.... and if you keep pushing for religion to rule the world, which this is a religious issue more than any other, you might just get your way one day... in the form of Sharia law.  Enjoy!
June 29, 2011 at 4:20 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy
@Joel: I can understand your frustration. Kind of No Way Out for you!! And by the way it is just not RELIGIOUS, it is more CULTURAL. Not many people goto Church these days or believe in Gods but everybody has a Culture and a Celebration of Life when a Man and Woman are united in Matrimony. And giving an opinion to stay Single or the Gays or Lesbians usage of Marriage and setting it up as a SOCIETY STANDARD is ruining this historic and logical setup of our CULTURE. Even without Religion what you propose is, Logically Speaking, Nonsense for the Society !!
June 29, 2011 at 5:29 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Matt
@Billy: "Not many people go to Church these days or believe in Gods".  All credibility was lost after you typed that
June 29, 2011 at 5:48 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Wzrd1
Billy, to follow your logic, the family is a UNIT of society. In that reference, the unit being a part of society.
So, to extend your theory, widows, widowers, singles, children are all not members of society, as they have no unit or place.
Yet, those non-units vote, pay taxes and laugh at your lunacy.
Now, your penance is to read the fourteenth amendment and then the ninth amendment.
June 29, 2011 at 5:50 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Kevin H
Courts, logic and practice have held that a narrow definition of family really has never been realistic. Don't believe me – please don't. Instead look at the census records from 1850 onward – ones prior to that often didn't have enough detail to tell you what I'm going to tell you know. The nuclear family, the concept that DOMA and evangelicals love to beat the tom-tom about – NEVER existed. Never. It just never has. THe majority of Americans since the beginning of our country have consisted of extended families, families of choice and so on. Reality was that people moved away from their families for various economic reasons. Men often committed bigamy and other "sins" which are again perfectly evident in public records for the time. Rockefeller, a HUGE Baptist evangelical, came from a very fractured, broken home. Narrowly defining family as one man, women women and the ability to have children has no relationship to anything bu religious beliefs. And when you start to tell me what to believe – I'll start to tell you what to believe – and then we're going to have huge problems. That's one reason America came into being – someone thought they could and should tell people what to believe.
June 29, 2011 at 6:35 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Zeke
June 29, 2011 at 9:44 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Ruth
I am always looking for proof that gay marriage will cause something bad to happen  too.  Let me see... we don't have gay marriage rights and they are still gay, and still in their relationships.  WHAT exactly is going to change if we legalize gay marriage... mmm... lots of marriage license fees collected by their respective counties,  married filing jointly on income tax benefits the US Government... More people with health care instead of racking up unpaid bills to hospitals which end up being passed on those with health care... oh wait...those are good things, right?
June 29, 2011 at 4:30 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Wzrd1
Ruth! You are mixing up the issues with silly little things like FACTS! We can't have that when we can retain vitriol and hyperbole!
Besides, the vitriol and hyperbole spewers are fun to toy with.
June 29, 2011 at 5:46 pm | Report abuse | Reply
junglepilot
Most of the New Testament was written in Greek.  So before you tell  others to get their facts straight, you should probably do so yourself.
June 29, 2011 at 6:02 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Terri
I agree with you, BJ.  I have a very religious friend who is totally against gay marriage.  She's been married twice: once for 8 years and one for 3 years.  One gay couple I know has been together for 13 years and another 20 years.  So who is actually contributing to the instability of marriage?
June 29, 2011 at 5:01 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Melisa
"karlotious
agreed polly, the only thing i can hope for is the day the older generation dies and the younger more intelligent, more understanding, less bigoted generation takes over...what a day that will be... The day is coming with or without the support of old geezers.... accept it
grandpa."
Waiting for the day a generation dies? Wow! Sounds pretty socio and/or psychopathic to me. Believe it or not, there are gay senior citizens! That means the "grandpa" you're telling to accept thing could be gay! Your generation isn't the only one to be able to use their brains, and the older generation isn't the only one with bigots in it. Try using yours!
June 29, 2011 at 5:27 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Trey
Karltious, you are one sad individual. You disgusting pig, "wanting the old generation to die". Yeah, real intelligent you fool. There are bigots in this generation and there are morons in this generation. Just look at yourself.
June 29, 2011 at 5:35 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Matt
thank you melissa for taking the obvious route.  In case you don't realize: the older you are the more likely you are to be against gay marriage.  It has nothing to do with them as individuals (thank you for pointing out that yes there are gay senior citizens), but as a group because of the culture they grew up in.  Now the elderly are also the most prolific voters, so it stands to reason that when they are gone all those votes being cast against gay marriage will disappear.  This isn't some fantasy or idle dream of karl...  it is actually just common sense.  And if you so happen to support gay marriage, then yes the day that all those anti-gay votes are gone can seem like a good thing.  If however, those elderly decided to change their minds and vote the other way it would be a moot point.  Nobody is wishing for the death of anyone, just the day that people are allowed to love who they want to.  For anyone who believes in a smaller government it should be a no-brainer
June 29, 2011 at 5:43 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Jim
I agree....What "divine right" is Miss Theron speaking of.  I must have missed the Bible passage about women marrying women, and men marrying men....hmmmm,  well anyway....it doesn't matter that Charlize Theron thinks....being an Actress really doesnt give her much more insight that say....a garbage collector !
June 29, 2011 at 5:55 pm | Report abuse | Reply
MindiK
Why do you link "divine right" with the bible? There are more religions out there than Christianity. And even Christianity is open to one's own interpretation. Not to mention the bible has been translated and edited more than Joan Rivers face.! Who knows what it originally looked like!
June 29, 2011 at 6:39 pm | Report abuse | Reply
montyross
it is the "older generation' that got us this far, funny you did not commend them for their stance on abortion which they allowed,im sure you are for abortion it seems to go hand and hand with gay rights yet you shut youre eyes to rights of the unborn, my country is in for ruin if youre kind truly take over.......
June 29, 2011 at 8:48 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Carol
June 29, 2011 at 8:58 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Carol
Whoa, Matt.  I'm not a senior, but am heading in that direction (as you are) and I don't vote for closed minded politicians.  Why can't we just let others be happy and worry about the real issues, gay marriage shouldn't be an issue.  The government should stay out of our private lives.
June 29, 2011 at 9:03 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Jessica
"the bible has been translated and edited more than Joan Rivers face.!"
MindiK, that is the funniest thing I have heard in a long while!  Thank you for that!
June 29, 2011 at 9:52 pm | Report abuse | Reply
Billy P.
I can see the harvest is plentiful of non-believers.  The Devil will have plenty of company.  All of you idiots, and the Bible calls you fools (those who directly deny there is no God in your hearts) will share the same date.  Your non belief will not protect you from His absolute justice.  I pray for your sake that you are smart enough not to be so damn dumb.  He will forgive your sheer ignorance.
June 29, 2011 at 11:10 pm | Report abuse | Reply
PirateScott
The Divine Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is in full support of universal access to marriage.  So unless you want the government (and therefore popular vote) to decide what religion(s) is(are) Divine, then bring it on.
If you think that the church you belong to universally agrees with all other churches   then you might want to start investigation the differences between denominations, they can be severe.  Although to be honest, a large number of dogmatic concepts of FSM differ from christian denominations.  Most notably regarding pasta and pirates.
June 29, 2011 at 9:38 pm | Report abuse | Reply
PirateScott
I can capitulate on this one.   The government can stop any involvement in marriage.  No special rights for married couples regarding inheritance, taxes, visitation, adoption, etcetera.  The government should dissolve all marriages from a legal standpoint.  Any religious group can create the appropriate divine bond between whoever they choose to.
What I am concerned about is the government's legal enforcement of the mainstream christian definition of marriage.
