French; reportedly was abusive to his wife who shot and killed him in 1991
Mother: Gerda Theron
German; shot and killed her husband in 1991; no charges filed as it was determined she acted in self-defense when he attacked her while drunk; took over family business; remarried but separated from second husband after the death of her stepson Denver
Step-Brother: Denver
Died in a 1997 auto accident at the age of 22
Notes
"I remember going out for a job for shaving cream. They only wanted a pair of legs. Ever seen a dancer's feet close-up? Naturally, the feedback was, 'She has ugly feet.' Not that I think I'm super intelligent, but I thought to myself, Jesus, what is all this about? It had nothing to do to do with what I'd learned or experienced. Not to badmouth all of the business, because it made me independent at a very young age, and I'm forever grateful for that. And I don't think any less of models - frankly I admire them for having so much perserverence. I take my hat off to supermodels who are content and happy, but I could never live that life." - Theron on modeling to Hal Rubenstein in Interview, November 1997
"In a world of premieres and movie sets and self-important, Versace-wearing, no-good bastards who indugle in every kind of bad behavior, Charlize is one of those people who are really there for the work. At the same time she is one of the more innately glamorous people you'll ever meet. One thing you should know is that you're not going to figure Charlize out. She's a very peaceful person, but she can bring mayhem to a part like nobody else, because she knows what strife is. She's not prudish, but she has an unswayable moral compass. I don't believe in astrology, but she's a Leo. And that's funny, because she is sort of a lioness." - Stephan Jenkins quoted in Vanity Fair, January 1999
"It's weird when people call you the next big thing. But I ultimately have no control over what any of these films look like or how critics will react to them or me. In all, I've made ten films and I've been blessed to have had the chance. But I've never tried to become a part of the machine to do it. Instead I've come from the school that if you work hard and deliver, you will continue to work. People always ask where I see myself in ten years, and the answer is still a big, 'I don't know'. But if I continue to do the work, to challenge myself and challenge audiences - Who knows? I might just have some career longevity yet." - Theron quoted in Empire, April 1999
"The body is such a great vehicle to tell a story, one that gets neglected. Or when people do use it, they get criticized. When you do something like "Monster" or what Nicole Kidman did [in "The Hours"] or what Halle Berry did [in "Monster's Ball"], then all of a sudden people go, 'Well, that's just a trick to win an Oscar.' But what people forget is that that's what were supposed to do. We're not supposed to look like or be ourselves." - Theron to Interview magazine, October 2005
"When I started auditioning, I was hearing, 'She's really talented but she needs to lose the accent.' So I decided to get rid of it completely. I didn't have the money for a coach, so I basically had my television on all the time. I'd listen to everything from Nickelodeon to 'Love Boat' reruns, and I'd try to catch myself when the accent came through." - Charlize Theron quoted in Detour, November 1996
"Why be afraid of your sexuality? What are you going to do? Walk around the rest of your life going, 'I can't believe I got dealt these cards!' I think of myself as a very sexual creature. I have to use that. I have no choice. I like it. I didn't grow up with a mother telling me what I had under my clothes was bad or evil. Nudity, if used correctly, is extremely powerful. It's there to shock." - Theron to Kevin Sessums in Vanity Fair, January 1999
In 2008, Charlize Theron was named the Hasty Pudding Theatricals Woman of the Year.
Theron at one time was mentioned for the role of the husband-killing Roxie Hart in the film version of the Kander and Ebb musical "Chicago", a bit of irony as in 1991 her own mother shot and killed her father (reportedly an abusive drunk; the shooting was ruled self-defense).
Theron was named one of People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People for 2004
Theron's first language is Afrikaans
Milestones
(1997) Won praise for her performance as Keanu Reeves' neglected wife in "The Devil's Advocate"
(1995) Worked as an extra on "Children of the Corn III"
(2003) Won an Oscar portraying real life serial killer Aileen Wuornos in "Monster"
(2003) Starred alongside Mark Wahlberg as the female lead in "The Italian Job"
(2002) Starred in comedy "Waking Up in Reno" with Billy Bob Thorton
(2002) Starred in drama "Trapped" with Kevin Bacon as parents whose daughter is kidnapped
(2005) Starred in the title role in the feature adaptation of the MTV cartoon "Aeon Flux"
(2000) Starred with Matt Damon and Will Smith in Robert Redford's "The Legend of Bagger Vance"
Will be directed by boyfriend Stuart Townsend for "The Battle in Seattle," a film about the 1999 World Trade Organization protests (lensed 2006)
(1991) At age 16, won an Italian modeling agency contest
(1981) Began studying ballet at age six
(2004) Cast as blonde bombshell and former Bond girl Britt Ekland in the HBO bio-pic "The Life and Times of Peter Sellers"; received Golden Globe, SAG and Emmy nominations for Best Actress in a Supporting Role
(2005) Cast in "North Country" a fictionalized account of the first major successful sexual harassment case in the United States; earned Oscar, Golden Globe and SAG nominations for Best Actress
(2000) Co-starred with Ben Affleck in "Reindeer Games"
(2008) Co-starred with Will Smith in the superhero comedy, "Hancock"
Danced professionally in Johannesberg
Film debut in John Herzfeld's "2 Days in the Valley"
Grew up on family's farm in Benoni, South Africa
(2005) Guest-starred in five episodes of the Fox comedy "Arrested Development," playing the love interest of Jason Bateman
(1996) Had a featured role in Tom Hanks' directorial debut, "That Thing You Do!"
(1998) Had featured role as an oversexed supermodel in Woody Allen's "Celebrity"
Moved to Miami
(1991) Moved to Milan and for the next year and traveled all over Europe modeling
Narrowly beaten out by Elizabeth Berkley for the lead in the disastrous "Showgirls"
(1999) Offered a strong turn as a woman torn between two loves in "The Cider House Rules"
(2000) Played Robert De Niro's alcoholic wife in "Men of Honor"
(2007) Played a police detective opposite Tommy Lee Jones in Paul Haggis' "In the Valley of Elah"
(1999) Played the title role in the thriller "The Astronaut's Wife"
(2005) Received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame (September)
Relocated to NYC, taking modeling jobs to pay the rent; studied with the Joffrey Ballet for eight months before a knee injury curtailed dance career
(2001) Reteamed with Keanu Reeves for the remake of "Sweet November"
(2001) Reunited with Woody Allen for a role in "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion"
(1994) Settled in Los Angeles; talent manager John Crosby volunteered to represent her after witnessing a colorful tantrum aimed at a bank teller who would not cash her out-of-state check
(2004) Signed on to be the new face of Christian Dior's fragrance J'adore; appeared in print ads and TV commercials
Close Send to a Friend
Check your e-mail, your friend's e-mail and message text are filled correctly
Your Friend's email:
