See Related Photos
Rankin/Universal Pictures
There's no singing into wishing wells, and no dwarves whistling while they work in Snow White and the Huntsman -- just Kristen Stewart putting on armor to battle a soul-sucking Charlize Theron . In other words: This is not your mother's Snow White! Watch the first trailer for the eagerly anticipated film, which stars Stewart as the fairy-tale heroine and Theron as the Evil Queen, below.
The new film, from the creators of last year's revisionist Alice in Wonderland, promises a grown-up twist on the familiar children's story. The action unfolds amidst an otherworldly war, with knights who shatter on their enemy's swords and a queen who uses dark magic to maintain her grip on the kingdom.
When the queen's ominous mirror tells her she must eat Snow White's heart (seriously!) to keep her power and beauty, Theron's evil sorceress sends a huntsman (Thor's Chris Hemsworth ) into the dark forest to track and kill the girl. Little does she expect that the huntsman will switch loyalties, teaching Snow White how to fight and preparing the innocent girl for the ultimate good-vs.-evil showdown.
If you feel like you've been hearing a lot about poison apples and magic mirrors lately, it's because Snow White and the Huntsman is one of two Snow White adaptations currently in production. The other one , titled Mirror, Mirror, stars Julia Roberts as the Evil Queen, Lily Collins as Snow White, Armie Hammer as the prince and Nathan Lane (talk about a different interpretation!) as the huntsman.
Judging strictly by the advance press, the Julia Roberts film appears to be more of a scheming-and-plotting costume drama, while Huntsman is firmly nestled in dark fantasy territory. But right now, there's one thing about the Kristen Stewart movie (besides, obviously, Kristen Stewart) that's giving it the edge in our minds: Snow White rescues herself without the aid of a handsome prince. It's about time that fairy-tale heroines got a happily-ever-after on their own terms!
Snow White and the Huntsman fights its way into theaters June 1, 2012.
 
