Saturday 28 March 2009
Charlize Theron. Photograph: Alan Pryke/Newspix/Rex Features
Charlize Theron, 33, was born near Johannesburg and moved to the US in her teens to model and to dance with the Joffrey Ballet. In 1996, she made her film debut, in 2 Days In The Valley, and in 2004 won the best actress Oscar for her portrayal of a serial killer in Monster. Her latest movie, The Burning Plains, is out now. She lives in Los Angeles with the actor Stuart Townsend.
When were you happiest?
I couldn't answer that. There are so many amazing things – falling in love, winning an Oscar, moving my mom out to America and just having a simple dinner with great friends.
What is your greatest fear?
That I become weak and not brave enough to live the life I want to live.
What is your earliest memory?
Falling into a pool and my mother diving in in her robe to save me. She says I was around two.
Which living person do you most admire and why?
My mom, because she saved my life when I was two.
What is the trait you most deplore in yourself?
I do not have as much patience as I should.
What is the trait you most deplore in others?
Judgment.
What is your most treasured possession?
I love photographs.
Where would you like to live?
Where I live right now – Los Angeles.
What makes you depressed?
Grey and cold weather – that's why I can't live in England.
What do you most dislike about your appearance?
I have a big Dutch/German fat face.
What is your favourite smell?
Gardenia.
What is your favourite word?
"Compassion."
What is your most unappealing habit?
I smoke sometimes.
What is your favourite book?
The Road, by Cormac McCarthy – it changed my life.
What is your guiltiest pleasure?
I love watching reality television, and cooking shows, too.
What or who is the greatest love of your life?
My cocker spaniel, Denver.
Which words or phrases do you most overuse?
"Um."
What is the worst job you've ever done?
Accounting – I had to help my mom with pay cheques for a road construction company and I didn't like that.
What has been your biggest disappointment?
I can't think of anything.
When did you last cry, and why?
Two days ago – Denver is an old dog and we've been having some issues with his health.
How do you relax?
In warm weather, in the sun.
What single thing would improve the quality of your life?
Love.
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
My relationship with my mom.
What keeps you awake at night?
The things I still haven't done.
How would you like to be remembered?
As somebody normal. Not this big celebrity thing; just as a normal girl, a human being.
What is the most important lesson life has taught you?
Don't wait until tomorrow.
Where would you most like to be right now?
On a white sand beach somewhere, under a palm, drinking a Corona.
