Watts Tipped for 007 Role
December 30, 2005
Blonde beauty Naomi Watts has been tipped to follow in Halle Berry, Honor Blackman and Britt Ekland's footsteps as the next Bond girl. The Australian actress reportedly wowed 007 bosses in her role as Ann Darrow in giant ape movie King Kong, and has already received a phone call pleading for her to lend her talents to Casino Royale. If she accepts the offer, Watts could play Russian vixen Vesper Lynd opposite new superspy Daniel Craig.
But friends of the star warn she may yet turn down the role, amid fears the typecasting could ruin her burgeoning career. Angelina Jolie and Charlize Theron have already rejected offers to star in the film.
Theron Steps In As Bond Babe Favorite?
December 8, 2005
Charlize Theron has reportedly replaced Angelina Jolie as director Martin Campbell's first choice for the latest Bond girl role. The Monster star has bewitched Campbell and executives at Sony, according to website Scotsman.com, and now she's the favorite to follow in the footsteps of Bond babes like Honor Blackman, Jane Seymour and Teri Hatcher.
If selected, the South African beauty would become the second actress to star in a Bond film following an Oscar win - Halle Berry appeared in Die Another Day after picking up a golden statue for her role in Monster's Ball. Jolie has reportedly been offered the role of Vespa Lynd in the new 007 adventure, Casino Royale, but suggested the character should be "toughened up."
Credit: Imdb.com
Newest Movies of Charlize Theron:
The Ice at the Bottom of the World (2006)
The Brazilian Job (2006) .... Stella Bridger
Aeon Flux (2005) .... Aeon Flux
North Country (2005) .... Josey Aimes
Charlize Theron Profile: Childhood, Career, Films in Details
Theron was born on the 7th of August, 1975, and grew up on a farm outside of Benoni, a town some 25 kilometres east of Johannesburg. She was named after her father, Charles. Charles was of French descent, while her mother Gerda hailed from German stock - both parents, though, were Afrikaans, born and raised in South Africa. Afrikaans would be Charlize's first language, English her second, and she'd pick up smatterings from the 26 ethnic groups that provided workers for the farm and the road construction business run by Gerda. It's testament to Theron's abilities that she would find worldwide success by mastering a third language - American.
It was a great place to grow up. On the farm she was surrounded by animals, both stray and domesticated. There'd be dogs, cats, ducks, chickens, sheep, goats, even ostriches and Theron would learn an earthy sympathy for them that would, in later years, see her work long and hard for animal charities. When Gerda was away visiting construction sites, Charlize would stay with her nanny and her two kids in a hut. Gerda would make her up a bed on the floor but, as soon as she left, the nanny would put the child in her own bed. This wasn't for reasons of comfort, rather due to the Bantu belief in the tokoloshe, a thoroughly unpleasant creature that might crawl into her head via her ear while she slept, and make her evil. Such stories couldn't help but feed her young imagination.
Theron would begin ballet lessons at the age of 6, and always be a keen entertainer, ever encouraged by her mother. Indeed, Gerda would even halt business meetings and force her associates to watch her daughter dance and lip-synch to the pop music of the day (Cyndi Lauper would be a big favourite - she even dyed her hair pink). As she grew older, she'd remain very adventurous - like her mum who'd only discovered she was pregnant with Charlize after a skydiving accident (in fact, for years Charlize would ape her mother, from the way she drove to the way she smoked). Having run naked around the farm till she was 7, now she developed a love of track-running and, later, motorbikes. One great joy was the evenings spent with her mother at the drive-in, an early impression being made by Splash! She later recalled being wholly taken by Tom Hanks and feeling jealous of Daryl Hannah.
At 12, Charlize was sent to a boarding school in Johannesburg, specialising in the arts. Here'd she'd step up her dance training, now studying classical ballet as well as flamenco, Greek and contemporary dance. It was a hopeful existence, but back on the farm things were becoming increasingly difficult. Charles had slid into alcoholism and had long tortured Gerda with his distant manner and serial infidelities. Indeed, Charlize had come to feel like her mother's protector. Then, in 1991, when Charlize was back from school for the weekend and upstairs in her room, the situation reached a head. Charles attacked Gerda once more and she shot him dead (for years Charlize would tell interviewers he was killed in a car crash). It was a straight-up case of self-defence, Gerda would serve no time at all. Their nightmare was over.
Read more on Biography Page
What She Said?
“Action films have been very testosterone-driven, not that that's a bad thing. But there is an interesting sexuality that I don't think has been that well explored in that action world, which is something women could bring to that genre.”
“When you're playing with aspects of sexuality, certain things have to be hidden. That's what my mother always used to tell me, ... I wanted to stay as true as possible to the original character, but didn't feel the need to go as far with the costume.”
“Besides, ... I’m not a big pampering girl anyway.”
“"He walked me home and made out with me. That was my second kiss and he got to second base too. Then there was Ben - he was my first dry hump."”
"If people, critics respond to the film there [Toronto Film Festival], it starts a nice little wave of chat, which for a movie like North Country (2005) is really important. It's one of those films that travels by word of mouth." [On the importance of the Toronto Film Festival for smaller films]
I'm 50-50 on glamour stuff. I'd rather put on a pair of jeans and get on my Harley and act like a guy.
"I think of myself as a highly sexual creature. I have to use that. I have no choice. I like it. I didn't grow up with a mother telling me what was under my clothes was bad or evil."
“The celebrity status in Hollywood has gotten really out of control,”
“It's so hush hush that they have sworn everyone to absolute secrecy and haven't revealed the exact date or location yet.”
“We don't go through life with it all being smooth sailing. ... We all understand situations where you know it's swim or drown. It's a choice you have to make, and sometimes we surprise ourselves, when we actually make that choice and start swimming, with how well we can do it.”
