Tags
Charlize Theron Biography.
Born in Benoni on August 7, 75, Gauteng, Republic of South Africa, resides in Los Angeles, California. His mother tongue is the afrikáans and his second language English. At the age of 16 he attended the murder of his father in hands of his mother, provoked by the continuos attacks and threats of death, from him, towards them. This fact marked her during all his life. It began her professional career as ballerina of classic ballet, having to leave this activity after one injury of knee. Before coming to the movies, she worked also as model, activity that she develops at present in parallel with his cinematographic career. One of his first appearances on the big screen was in the movie " The Wonders (That Thing You Do!) " (1996), debut as director of actor Tom Hanks. On the following year she obtained her first important role in the movie "The Devil's Advocate", sharing cartel with Keanu Reeves and Al Pacino, and since then his career has not stopped growing. It was also seen in " Celebrity " (1998) of Woody Allen, "The Cider House Rules" (1999), " Sweet November" (2001), in which she shared cartel again along with Keanu Reeves, " The Curse of the Jade Scorpion" (2001), again under the orders of Woody Allen, and in the movie of action "The Italian Job" (2003). In the year 2003, Charlize had the lead role in the drama "Monster", directed by Patty Jenkins and based on the life of Aileen Wuornos, a prostitute of Daytona Beach that turned into serial killer. Charlize Theron personified Aileen, and Christina Ricci assumed the roll of Selby. For this work, Charlize obtained the recognition of the critics and of the public worldwide, in addition to receiving, between others, a Golden Globe Award as better actress in a staring role in a dramatic movie, and an Oscar as better actress in a leading role. In 2004, Charlize Theron took part in the movie for TV of HBO " The Life and Death of Peter Sellers", that gave her another nomination to the Golden globes. For 2005, the actress accepted a new challenge, assuming the lead role in " Aeon Flux ", a science fiction movie, based on the animated series by MTV. On the other hand, the same year, she had the leading role in "North Country", along with Frances McDormand. For this work, the actress was nominated again to the Golden Globes and to the Academy Awards. Between her future projects, already there is confirmation of her participation in " The Brazilian Job ", continuation of " The Italian Job ", announced his release for 2006.
Powered by WordPress / Theme SimpleDark by Justice
