Home Celebs Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron
Charlize Theron (pronounced /ʃɑrˈliːs ˈθɛrən/; born August 7, 1975) is a South African actress, film producer and former fashion model. She rose to fame in the late 1990s following her roles in 2 Days in the Valley, Mighty Joe Young, The Devil's Advocate and The Cider House Rules. She received critical acclaim and an Academy Award for her portrayal of serial killer Aileen Wuornos in the film Monster, for which she became the first African to win an Academy Award in a major acting category. She received another Academy Award nomination for her performance in North Country. Theron was born in Benoni, Transvaal Province, South Africa, the only child of Gerda Jacoba Aletta (née Maritz; born January 27, 1953) and Charles Jacobus Theron (11/27/1947—06/21/1991) Her mother is of German descent and her father was of Occitan and Dutch ancestry; Theron is descended from early Huguenot settlers, and Boer War figure Daniel Theron was her great-grandfather's brother. "Theron" is an Occitan surname (originally spelled Théron) pronounced in Afrikaans as "Tronn", although she has said that the way it is pronounced in South Africa is "Thrown". She changed the pronunciation when she moved to the US.
LATEST STORIES
  
Liv vs. Charlize: Who'd You Rather?
Brunette beauty Liv Tyler, 33, and blonde bombshell Charlize Theron, 35, both glowed at the same event in NYC this week. Question is ...    READ MORE >
Beauty , Who'd You Rather?  - 568 days ago
Charlize & Kobe Hug It Out
Charlize Theron greeted Kobe Bryant with a big hug before the Laker game at Staples Center this weekend.Apparently, these two are good buds. Who knew?  READ MORE >
Paparazzi Photo , TMZ Sports  - 585 days ago
Charlize Theron -- Rent My Awesome Beach House
Charlize Theron could really profit off her bad memories -- the actress is trying to rent out the Malibu beach house she used to share with ex-boyfriend Stuart Townsend ... and she's charging…  READ MORE >
Photo Galleries  - 741 days ago
Charlize Theron's Ex -- Breaking Up Sucks
While at an art gallery in L.A. this weekend, Charlize Theron's ex-boyfriend Stuart Townsend put on quite a show by sucking face with some brunette lady friend.Stew's PDA comes two weeks after…  READ MORE >
Hook Ups  - 774 days ago
Keanu & Charlize -- The Long Kiss Goodnight
Keanu Reeves and Charlize Theron didn't just share a romantic dinner at a Beverly Hills restaurant last night -- they also shared a really intimate goodbye hug and kiss on the way out. As the two…  READ MORE >
Hook Ups , Gossip / Rumors , Developing Stories  - 787 days ago
Oscar Fashion -- The Good, the Bad & the Ugly
While some looked precious at the Oscars, others grabbed outfits straight out of the hurt locker. See Also Silver and Gold Stun on the Red Carpet Rachel, Liz & Amanda: Red Carpet Throwdown   READ MORE >
Awards / Awards Shows , Photo Galleries  - 844 days ago
Charlize Theron -- Oscars or Golden Globes?
Which part of Charlize Theron's dress do you think E! was focused on?BTW -- That's E!'s arrow ... not ours. See Also Award Winning Red Carpet Fashion   READ MORE >
Awards / Awards Shows , Academy Awards  - 845 days ago
Charlize Sucks Face with Chick -- for Good Price
Charlize Theron kissed a girl -- and for $140,000 ... and she liked it.The actress -- who's made out with Penelope Cruz and Christina Ricci before for work -- went girl-on-girl again yesterday…  READ MORE >
Hook Ups  - 980 days ago
Every Pap's Worst Nightmare
It's a scary world out there -- and while Charlize Theron went ballistic on our cameraman after her flight to Denver, Robert Englund proved he's still the world's favorite dreamland serial killer,…  READ MORE >
 - 1403 days ago
Charlize: Tell Me How My Ass Tastes
Charlize Theron called out butt-kissing pappers in Malibu yesterday -- but is telling her she always looks great really kissing her behind? They're merely stating the…  READ MORE >
Hot Bodies  - 1460 days ago
PREV
