
Kristen Stewart A 'Good Fight' In 'Snow White,' Charlize Theron Says - Music, Celebrity, Artist News | MTV.com
Jan 12 2012 11:12 PM EST
Kristen Stewart A 'Good Fight' In 'Snow White,' Charlize Theron Says
'The bitch brought it!' she tells MTV News at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards about 'Snow White and the Huntsman' rival.
By Kara Warner (@karawarner)
, with reporting by Josh Horowitz (@joshuahorowitz)
It's no secret that we are very excited about Kristen Stewart's first big non-"Twilight" movie, "Snow White and the Huntsman," which made it through to the Sweet 16 in the MTV Movie Brawl 2012 . We're excited not only because Stewart is the star, but because she is playing an action-star version of Snow White and faces off against a very formidable Evil Queen in Charlize Theron.
The last time we caught up with Theron, she hadn't yet filmed the big fight sequence with Stewart but admitted that she hoped her Evil Queen might get the best of Stewart's Snow White. "I'm just really, really, really hoping I get to kill her," she said with a smile. "That is how the story ends up, right?"
We're pretty sure that isn't how the story ends — especially since we happened to bump into Theron again at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards on Thursday (January 12), and she seemed to be changing her previous tune. When we asked the Oscar winner and Best Actress CCMA nominee for "Young Adult" if she'd filmed the epic fight sequence, she didn't seem too keen to divulge any details.
"Yeah," she admitted, "but I don't want to talk about it."
Why didn't Theron want to talk about it? Did the fight not end in her favor?
"I don't want to talk about it. No! No, it's going to be a surprise," she said, resisting our probing questions. "Dammit, I give you way too much. People have to pay money to go see the movie to see what happens."
Theron finally relented a bit and revealed that Stewart's Snow White does, indeed, kick some ass.
"She was a good fight," Theron said. "She was a good fight. The bitch brought it! There you go. Now you have something."
Stick with MTV News all night for the 2012 Critics' Choice Awards winners , and don't miss all the fashion from the red carpet !
