How To Get Charlize Theron's Flawless Skin
How To Get Charlize Theron's Flawless Skin
by Dr. Amy Wechsler
Share:
Did you know that great skin isn't just the result of good genes? There are actually many factors, including lifestyle and stress that all add up to a glowing complexion. Dermatologist and guest editor Amy Wechsler has the scoop on how you can achieve the complexion of your dreams, no expensive treatments required. Board-certified in both dermatology and psychiatry, Dr. Wechsler treats the effects that state of mind and physical behaviors have on the skin. She is also the author of Mind-Beauty Connection: 9 Days to Reverse Stress Aging and Reveal More Youthful, Beautiful Skin. Follow her on Facebook and Twitter for more tips!
Photo: © Frazer Harrison/Getty Images
The key to obtaining great skin like Charlize Theron 's is by keeping a simple and consistent skin care routine. When patients first come to me looking to boost their skin health and radiance, I often ask them to bring in all of their products so I can see what they use and where they may be going wrong. Often they have been over-treating their skin with multiple products, many of which make skin harsh, rather than relieving the irritation and inflammation that can lead to breakouts and other conditions.
I recommend starting fresh. You don't need to go further than your local drugstore to pick up the following must-haves for optimum skin health:
A gentle cleanser you can use every day
Two good moisturizers, one with sunscreen (SPF 30+) for daytime use and another for nighttime use
If you have acne, an anti-acne formula, such as benzoyl peroxide
A gentle exfoliator (to remove dead skin cells which prevent your skin from reflecting light making it look ashy and gray instead of luminous)
I see too many patients who overtreat and overscrub their faces clean to the point that they defeat the purpose. Instead of boosting their natural glow and cell turnover, they end up causing irritation and inflammation. They trigger a cascade of localized stress-response events that lead to dryness and breakouts. For optimal results:
Apply facial cleanser in morning shower with bare hands
Apply daytime moisturizer with face is still damp; let it soak in before applying makeup
Apply nighttime moisturizer after cleansing face with hands again
Have a trusted exfoliator on hand to use two to three times a week, or as needed
The final step in a healthy skin regimen is getting enough rest. Logging eight hours of sleep per night can make you look as much as three years younger. Sleep deprivation lowers circulation, which is why we lose facial color and look pale and washed out. You can't wake up glowing after only a few hours of zzz's. To help make sleep happen, follow these steps:
Four to six hours before bed: Stop any caffeine
Two to three hours before: Don't eat a full meal. Digesting food (especially a heavy meal) will keep you awake
Sixty minutes before: Turn off all electronics--yes, the television, too--and dim the lights as light signals your brain to stay alert and mental stimulation makes it harder to fall asleep
Thirty minutes before: Do something you find soothing. Try a warm bath or light reading (no work!)
Five minutes before: Make sure your bedroom is dark, quiet, slightly cool and free of distractions
Tip: Change your sheets and pillowcases regularly; there's no sense in applying anything to your face at night if you are cozying up to bacteria. Make it a goal to change your sheets and pillowcases at least once a week.
Share:
