Newer Post Older Post Home
Praise for Dan Schneider
His analysis is referenced in the PBS series POV's brochure (p.26) on The Up Series . His writing and criticism  has been lauded in the mainstream and alternative press, nationally and  internationally, in the Far East and the U.K, by diverse arts and film  blogs and websites, as well as by America's most powerful critic, Roger  Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times and several television film review shows.
Roger  Ebert praises Dan Schneider's Film Criticism and Website: Ebert  calls Dan Schneider 'a considerable critic....'' that Dan  Schneider (in regards to Ebert's writings) 'may well be correct in  some aspects. What his analysis gives me is a renewed respect and  curiosity about his own work....'; he states, 'Dan Schneider is  observant, smart, and makes every effort to be fair.' He states, 'I  conclude he is more analytical and less visceral that I am,' Ebert  ends his praise, stating, 'What is remarkable about these many words  is that Schneider keeps an open mind, approaches each film afresh, and  doesn't always repeat the same judgments. An ideal critic tries to start  over again with every review.' -12/9/09, from ' Who  do you read? Good Roger or Bad Roger? ', by Roger Ebert
....helpful  criticisms regarding his fellow poets and reviewers. If you were  looking for someone willing to call T. S. Eliot '1 of the most grossly  overrated writers in the history of the world, & the English  language,' Schneider is your man. His site includes  similarly jolly commentary on a large number of contemporary writers.- The New York Times
Schneider is a  fervent, naturally agitated character, and he seems possessed of a  boundless curiosity that stretches from the most obscure backwaters of  science and history to the dimmest and most short-lived pop-culture  comets….Schneider's peculiar temperament has more in common with  unregenerate early punk rockers like Lou  Reed and John Lydon ….It's surprising how many of Schneider's poems  reveal a frequently poignant strain of sentimentality and nostalgia, a  continued fascination with the lost pop culture of his childhood. He is  also an obsessive sonneteer, and can write tight, carefully crafted  short poems that demonstrate the emotional sensitivity that many of his  admirers suspect he doesn't entirely trust.- Dan  Schneider vs. The Rest Of The World , City Pages
....for a clearly anti-establishment take on the academic poetry  scene, as well as fearless, brilliant assessments of many poets, including the  famous, with which you may or may not agree (again, it's informed debate that  spurs our progress)- try Dan Schneider's www.cosmoetica.com .  -page  192 of On Writing Poetry, by Al Rocheleau, Shantih Press, © 2010,  published 2011
www.Cosmoetica.com.... the most visited,  unaffiliated literary website online. He [Dan Schneider] is a poet,  critic, essayist and fiction writer first profiled in City Pages in 1999.  He is known for his trenchant, outspoken views, peerless criticism, and  writerly excellence. Schneider is also known for championing Neglected  Poets, stands against bad writing, academia, Political Correctness,  and for his ‘re-discovery’ of expatriate African-American poet James A.  Emanuel. Cosmoetica has served as the launching pad for a number of  other promising writers, and has grown in popularity due to its popular  essays....- Nationmaster.com
Cosmoetica is also home to The Dan Schneider Interviews....(b)elieve  me, you won’t find more in-depth and high-minded discussions this side  of a MENSA jamboree....You’ll especially love Dan Schneider if you’re  tired of the same old crap that Hollywood has been pumping out in recent  years....This is one moviegoer who really knows what he’s talking  about....In fact, you could say that he’s relentless when it comes to  getting his point across. On the other hand, every thought is backed up  by sentence after sentence of explanation, and those looking for an  in-depth movie review or film interview will have plenty to feast upon.  And he’s even got the respect of Roger Ebert. - Only Good Movies
I think it is high time every lover of contemporary poetry reads Dan  Schneider’s essays on www.cosmoetica.com. Why? For starters, he is  goddamn refreshing in his unashamed way of putting just about any  critically-acclaimed or seriously up-and-coming poet in his or her place  by making us see just how overrated he believes so many of them  are....you may just be unable to help yourself but want to agree with  Schneider in any case. He is that fun to read, as well as potentially  edifying. - ' Dan  Schneider Connects The Dots ', Quarterly Literary Review Singapore
(Dan  Schneider) hates bullshit, he feels passionately about his subject, and  is not afraid to speak his mind. He reads stuff in great detail, thinks  about it hard, and is totally undeterred by PC. All of these, in my  book, are virtues.- ' Even  grumpier than me! '- Grumpy  Old Bookman
Blog Archive
