Font
Page 1 of 1
In collaboration with Rotten Tomatoes and its parent company, Flixster, The Chronicle presents the critical consensus of Charlize Theron 's best-reviewed films. Her latest film, "Young Adult," is now showing at Bay Area theaters. (The figure listed is the percentage of critics who have rated the film positively, based on reviews listed at rottentomatoes.com.)
1. Monster (2003) 82%
Theron gives a searing, deglamorized performance as real-life serial killer Aileen Wuornos in an intense, disquieting portrait of a profoundly damaged soul that earned Theron a best actress Oscar.
2. The Road (2009) 75%
The film's commitment to Cormac McCarthy 's dark vision may prove too unyielding for some, but the film benefits from hauntingly powerful performances - including Theron, whose memory comforts a man on a mission of survival.
3. In the Valley of Elah (2007) 73%
Though some of Paul Haggis ' themes are heavy-handed, this is otherwise an engrossing murder mystery and antiwar statement, featuring a mesmerizing performance from Tommy Lee Jones and sturdy work from Theron as a detective who joins him in the search for his son.
4. The Italian Job (2003) 72%
Despite some iffy plot elements, this film succeeds in delivering an entertaining modern take on the original 1969 heist film, thanks to a charismatic cast that includes Theron as a tech-savvy safecracker.
5. The Cider House Rules (1999) 71%
There are wonderful performances, lovely visuals and an old-fashioned feel, and Theron shines as the first love of a young doctor at an orphanage (played by Tobey Maguire ).
6. North Country (2005) 68%
Though sometimes melodramatic and formulaic, nonetheless this is a rousing, powerful story of courage and humanity - and Theron is excellent as a strong-willed coal miner in a hostile workplace.
7. The Devil's Advocate (1997) 67%
Though it is ultimately somewhat undone by its own lofty ambitions, this film is a mostly effective blend of supernatural thrills and character exploration.
8. The Yards (2000) 64%
Featuring strong performances and direction, this is a richly textured crime thriller with an authentic feel, and Theron is excellent as the sympathetic cousin of a man with a checkered past.
9. 2 Days in the Valley (1996) 60%
A labyrinthine thriller with a host of memorable characters, this is an uneven but intriguing thriller-black comedy that features a dark, sexy turn from Theron as a hitman's girlfriend.
10. Battle in Seattle (2007) 53%
Well intentioned and passionate, this docu-drama about the 1999 WTO protests draws stronger political assertions than it does strong characters, though Theron is strong as a pregnant woman caught up in the turmoil of anti-globalization protests.
Flixster is the world's biggest online movie community and the leading mobile movie-information provider. Rotten Tomatoes is the Web's most popular movie-review aggregator. For more information, go to www.flixster.com and www.rotten tomatoes.com.
