Post a comment
How much would you pay to kiss Charlize Theron, Oscar-winning actress and arguably one of the most beautiful women in the world? Priceless as it might sound, a kiss from Charlize Theron is quite pricey, especially when it is for a good cause. (You didn't think she just sold her kisses promiscuously, did you?) And it isn't that Charlize Theron is in the habit of selling her kisses, but she did Thursday evening to help benefit the OneXOne Foundation at their fundraising event in San Francisco. According to Us magazine , one person thought that it was such a good deal, Charlize Theron and OneXOne got an extra $103,000 for the kiss.
Charlize Theron presided over the bidding on a 2010 trip to Africa, one that would include a safari, World Cup tickets, and a meet-and-greet with Nobel Peace Prize-winner Nelson Mandela. When the bidding topped out at $37,000, she said, ""For f*** sake! You can do better. There is no way I am leaving here with Jeremy Piven getting a higher bid. I've got t**** for God's sake."
Jeremy Piven, the Emmy-winning actor from HBO's "Entourage," had just pulled in $238,000.
Charlize Theron decided to offer a bonus kiss. She told the audience that her boyfriend was not there and offered a 7-second kiss to any man that would increase the bid to $130,000. And a man increased the bid to $135,000. But a woman in the audience offered Theron one better: A 20-second kiss for $140,000.
That lady won.
You just gotta love San Francisco. The picture of Charlize Theron and the as-yet-unknown female bidder shows a rather engaged twosome indulging in a kiss, and not some European cheek-pecking, either. With the audience counting down the 20 seconds, at a little over $5,000 per second, the two lip-locked with legs lifted, coquettishly bent at the knee.
The Charlize Theron kiss picture and topic have become an internet hit.
Fellow Oscar-winner Matt Damon, who is OneXOne's ambassador, was to have hosted the event, which raised money for children in developing countries, but the "Good Will Hunting" star could not attend. He hosted last year's event in San Francisco and last week's gala in Toronto, both of which raised over $1 million for OneXOne. Matt Damon's rep told E! News that he would not have missed the fundraiser had it not been for a "family emergency of a serious nature." People will remember Matt Damon's appearance on "Entourage" earlier this year in the show's season finale. He played himself dogging movie star Vinnie Chase (actor Adrian Grenier) to become involved in OneXOne.
Besides Charlize Theron and Jeremy Piven, David Arquette, Mia Hamm, and Josh Groban attended. Josh Groban, Carlos Santana and Snow Patrol provided entertainment, as did 8-year-old piano prodigy Ethan Bortnick.
Charlize Theron's involvement not only helped raise money for OneXOne, she was also there in support of the Charlize Theron African Outreach Project and their new partnership with OneXOne. The Charlize Theron African Outreach Project is an organization dedicated to helping raise awareness and creating a "safer, and healthier life for impoverished, under-resourced children and communities of South Africa, with a particular focus on individuals suffering fromHIV/AIDS."
Carlos Santana represented the Milagro Foundation, an organization he founded in 1998 that provides benefits for underserved communities throughout the world, helping other organizations work with children in education, health services, and the arts.
OneXOne exists to support, preserve , and improve the lives of children by providing clean water, food, education, and other resources in the U. S., Canada, and around the world.
OneXOne is just one of the charitable organizations in which Matt Damon is involved. He supports the world philanthropic organization One and founded the H2O Africa Foundation. He also is part of Not On Our Watch, an organization he co-founded with George Clooney, Don Cheadle, and Jerry Weintraub to bring public awareness to atrocities such as the ongoing genocide in the Darfur region of Sudan.
The keynote speaker at the San Francisco event was Vicki Escarra, the CEO of Feeding America (formerly called America's Second Harvest), a non-profit organization that operates food banks and food rescue organizations throughout the United States. Feeding America is the largest hunger-relief organization in the United States.
Although missing its host, the event seemed to go off rather well, especially with that Charlize Theron kiss. And since that kiss has become a topic of much interest, the publicity for OneXOne (and the other charities) will no doubt do some good.
A kiss is just a kiss but kissing Charlize Theron... well, come one, how much would you pay to kiss her? For a good cause, of course...
******
Charlize Theron kiss photo that has the internet talking .
******
