Early Life
 
Actress, philanthropist. Born on August 7, 1975, in rural  Benoni, South Africa, to co-owners of a road construction company,  Charles and Gerda. The Afrikaans-speaking family lived on a working farm  outside of Johannesburg, and although Theron's childhood chores  included tending livestock, her passion for dance became evident early  on. To foster her artistic leanings, Theron began ballet lessons at age  six. Her parents encouraged her burgeoning talent, and by age 12, she  was sent to a Johannesburg boarding school to study dance.
The  Theron household was an unhappy one, and as Charles struggled with  alcoholism, he became physically abusive. In 1991, when Theron was 15,  her father violently attacked her and her mother. Theron watched as  Gerda shot and killed Charles; the murder was deemed an act of  self-defense, and Gerda was never charged with a crime. In the wake of  the death, Gerda assumed ownership of the company, and Theron concocted  the long-standing story that her father had been the victim of a lethal  car accident.
At 16, Theron entered a Johannesburg modeling  contest, which she won. She soon traveled to Italy, where she won the  International New Model Today competition, and began a modeling career  in earnest. After traveling to New York at the age of 18, she left high  fashion to attempt a career in dance. Her studies with the Joffrey  Ballet were curtailed by severe knee injuries, forcing her to abandon  her first calling.
 
Making it in Hollywood
Theron decided to pursue acting instead, and moved to Los Angeles. She soon found, however, that her Afrikaner accent was a barrier in landing speaking roles. Watching hours of television, she strove to hide her South African roots with perfect American inflections.
In 1994, a destitute Theron argued with a bank teller, who refused to allow her to pull funds from a South African account. Theron's subsequent fit earned the attention of a fellow bank patron John Crosby, a Hollywood manager who represented talent including John Hurt and Rene Russo. He immediately offered to sign Theron and, within months, she made her acting debut in a small role in Children of the Corn III (1995). Soon after, larger parts followed in 2 Days in the Valley (1996) and That Thing You Do! (1996).
As Theron became more of a Hollywood presence, she was cast alongside Al Pacino and Keanu Reeves in The Devil's Advocate (1997). Her turn as Reeves' suicidal wife earned her another brief but memorable part in Woody Allen 's Celebrity (1998), and a starring role in Disney's remake of Mighty Joe Young (1998).
In 1999, Theron landed a string of roles in notable films, including The Astronaut's Wife opposite Johnny Depp , and The Cider House Rules with Tobey Maguire . In 2001, she reteamed with Reeves for the tearjerker Sweet November, and two years later she starred opposite Mark Wahlberg in the heist thriller The Italian Job
1
