News Simpson Gets Bond Bosses All Stirred Up
22 December 2005 (WENN)
Jessica Simpson is the latest name on James Bond producers' wish list after both Charlize Theron and Angelina Jolie pulled out of a Bond babe role in new 007 adventure Casino Royale. Theron and Jolie refused Bond bosses, according to Ign FilmForce, and now they're courting newly-single Simpson to play female lead Vesper Lynd in the new film. Scarlett Johansson has also been linked to star alongside the legendary superspy. British actor Daniel Craig will take over from Pierce Brosnan to make his Bond debut in the film, which is set to start shooting next year.
Theron Steps In As Bond Babe Favorite?
8 December 2005 (WENN)
Charlize Theron has reportedly replaced Angelina Jolie as director Martin Campbell's first choice for the latest Bond girl role. The Monster star has bewitched Campbell and executives at Sony, according to website Scotsman.com, and now she's the favorite to follow in the footsteps of Bond babes like Honor Blackman, Jane Seymour and Teri Hatcher. If selected, the South African beauty would become the second actress to star in a Bond film following an Oscar win - Halle Berry appeared in Die Another Day after picking up a golden statue for her role in Monster's Ball. Jolie has reportedly been offered the role of Vesper Lynd in the new 007 adventure, Casino Royale, but suggested the character should be "toughened up."
Theron Studied Geckos
5 December 2005 (WENN)
Movie star Charlize Theron prepared for her role in new comic book adaptation Aeon Flux by studying tropical lizards. Theron plays a lycra-clad superheroine in the forthcoming movie and, keen to make her movements as fluid as possible, decided to study the slithery action of the gecko. Movie stunt coordinator Charlie Croughwell says, "There's a scene where Charlize runs on all fours and her belly's only three or four inches off the ground, so we watched National Geographic videos of geckos to analyze their movements." Theron tells the New York Post, "I'm from Africa. I know all about geckos. I used to play 'Alcatraz' with them in my yard."
From Internet Movie Database IMDb.com
Best Viewed At 1152x864 Resolution
And With Firefox Web Browser
Ads Powered By Google
This site is all about celebrities, more specifically Charlize Theron. The site includes, pictures, links, news, and a biography about your favorite celebrity. This will able you to experience everything about Charlize Theron from gossip, to movies like Reindeer Games, The Cider House Rules, The Legend of Bagger Vance, The Italian Job, Monster, North Country, and The Brazilian Job, to men's magazine pictures, like Maxim, FHM, Stuff, King, and Rollingstone. You can also see her on TV shows such as Hollywood Confidential. This site also includes news, thousands of pictures, hundreds of wallpapers and links to other beautiful Celebrities.    Google provides the ads through their Adsense program. The ads are composed of everything whether its web hosting, buying movies (DVDs), books, mp3s, posters, or anything esle. The ads also include things on ebay, DVD movies, magazines, cosmetics, and anything else. Make sure you check out the Wallpapers sections of the website, or if you like, backgrounds for your desktop.    I relize that some of this material on this website may be copyrighted. I try my best to keep copyrighted material off my website but it is difficult if not impossible to keep free of all copyright material. If there is a copyright violation please contact me at invincible_stevo@hotmail.com.    If you would like to exchange links with me, I also suggest you contract me at my e-mail address invincible_stevo@hotmail.com with the subject entitled "Link Exchange".
