Links
Welcome to CharlizeTheron-Fans.com
Born in South Africa, Theron was a ballerina and model until a knee injury ended her dance career. She moved to Hollywood and began acting, first grabbing attention in the Tom Hanks film That Thing You Do (1996) and then in Woody Allen's 1998 film Celebrity. She played a New England ingenue in the 1999 art house hit The Cider House Rules, and by the year 2000 she was starring in big budget pictures like Reindeer Games (with Ben Affleck) and The Legend of Bagger Vance (with Affleck's friend Matt Damon). In 2004 she won the best actress Oscar for her starring role as serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster (2003, co-starring Christina Ricci).
Theron was nearly cast to play Nomi, the role later taken by Elizabeth Berkley in the ill-fated movie Showgirls... Variety reported in February of 2004 that Theron would star as the ruthless animated assassin Aeon Flux in a new live-action film based on the animated character.
Charlize Theron News
From Monsterhood to Motherhood  March 20, 2008
Charlize Theron is ready for motherhood. In a recent interview, she admitted that her biological clock is ticking, at a faster pace than she'd like.
She is anxious to join the ranks of other new, Hollywood, moms including: Halle Berry, Nicole Richie, Christina Aguilera and Jennifer Lopez.
Charlize has been thinking about having children for a couple of years.  Since her career is going as well as her love for Stuart Townsend… she has decided that she is ready to hear the pitter-patter of little feet.
Well Charlize… looks like it's time to start thinking about baby name's, nursery themes and the simple fact that your life will never be the same again. Congratulations!
Charlize Theron strips!!!  December 18, 2007
Too bad it's not on the big screen! Still, we have to be satisfied with what Charlize Theron is offering us. Hehe! So where can we see the classy actress nude? In a classy ad, of course. And she starred in none other than Dior's J'Adore perfume! In the gorgeous ad, Charlize Theron starts off in a designer gown with lots of expensive blings. One by one she takes them off until she is fully naked, walking along a dim-lit corridor. You can watch the delectable ad below.
In other Charlize Theron news, the actress' home was burglarized last December 8-9. Over that weekend, the South African actress' house was broken into, according to the Los Angeles Police Department. Her Hollywood Hills home had been secured December 6, but an unknown number of suspects took the liberty of reopening it over the weekend. So far, nothing is being reported as stolen.  In addition, there are no leads as to who was on the property at the time of the break-in. Man, nobody's safe these days! Even if you live in posh Hollywood! Tsk!
Charlize Theron in Movies Rock!  December 4, 2007
Last Sunday, the venerable Kodak Theatre in Hollywood once again welcomed musicians, actors, and all kinds of celebrities as it hosted Movies Rock: A Celebration Of Music In Film. The ever private award-winning actress Charlize Theron surprised everyone with a very brief appearance on the red carpet. The gorgeous actress was dressed in a lovely Jonathan Saunders gown, with her hair done in a straight oh-so shiny do. As usual, Charlize Theron looked stunning and slim. The question on everybody's minds was how does she continue to look fabulous?? According to the soft-hearted Hollywood star (she currently has a charity project to help South Africans), she eats sensibly by not falling for fad diets, eating six small meals a day, and stays really active by biking cycling and kayaking. Charlize Theron shares to Elle UK, "I'm careful to eat a healthy balance of foods. If I fancy a burger, rather than deprive myself I'll eat a quarter of one." Sounds like a great tactic! Hehe!
Don't call me celebrity says Charlize Theron  November 23, 2007
While most people would kill for to become a "celebrity", the award-winning actress of "Monster" shuns the label. For Charlize Theron, her privacy means the whole world to her and wouldn't dream of letting the media into her private life. Says the South African actress, "I don't like celebrity. I don't like this whole culture that we're living in now, and I don't like this casual attitude that if you decide to be an actor then your life is up for grabs." Though Charlize Theron loves the trappings that come with being an A-list Hollywood star, she finds it burdensome sometimes. She shares, "It's just not nice to go and get your groceries and have seven cars following you. I think I am becoming a little bit more closed off because of it." If you hate seven cars following you, just think of the paparazzi horde that Britney Spears is fending off every single day. Tsk! Anyway, Charlize Theron was recently spotted looking gorgeous (as usual) while making her way through the LAX Airport last November 18.
Charlize Theron to help out South Africa  November 11, 2007
The beautiful Oscar award-winning "Monster" actress does not only have a huge talent, but a huge heart as well. Charlize Theron has put it in his mind to help out her country, South Africa, through charity works and programs. Last Thursday, she visited the uMkhanyakude community in northern Zululand to celebrate the launch of its mobile health and computer unit outreach programme where she has speaker duties. The Charlize Theron Africa Outreach Project and Oprah's Angel Network have provided funding to create the Mpilonhle Mobile Health and Computer Unit, which will give pupils at four high schools access to nursing services, including counseling and HIV testing. Anyway, Charlize Theron is apparently popular in her home country coz when she Nhliziyo High School, in a rural area near Mtubatuba, the school's students could not contain their excitement when they saw her dressed in traditional Zulu attire. She also mingled with the students and hugged them. Cool!
Charlize Theron’s new movie  October 25, 2007
Two beautiful blond women in a provocative film - will you watch it? You should! Coz this is the new movie of the Oscar award-winning actress Charlize Theron. Her co-star? None other than the red-hot Kim Basinger! Their new film is entitled “The Burning Plain”, and is deemed provocative because it explores how a child reconciles with her estranged parents. Kim will play Charlize Theron’s mother, and the movie will be directed by Babel screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga. This is his first directorial debut so expect “weird” experiences, lol! Just joking! Anyway, according to reports, filming will begin in Mexico early next month, and the movie’s release date is scheduled for 2009. “The Burning Plain” tells the story of how Charlize's character attempts to reconcile with her parents after a turbulent childhood. Sounds melodramatic eh? Wait till you see the mother-daughter bonding moments! Charlize Theron will definitely amp up the viewers tear-jerking tendencies. Just don’t make them feeltoo bad guys, lol!
Charlize Theron is the sexiest woman alive!  October 12, 2007
Move over Jessica Alba, Charlize Theron is the new -sexiest woman alive- title holder! Well, at least according to Esquire magazine. The magazine’s upcoming issue this October 16 features the Monster actress on the cover. Inside, Charlize Theron shares her life growing up on a farm in South Africa, talks about her political interests and her work, including her latest film, In The Valley Of Elah which is an Iraq War-themed murder mystery. The Oscar Award-winning star says, “I wanted to make the movie precisely because it evades formulas about guilt. I'm drawn to ambiguity.” As for her least favorite movie, Charlize Theron cites 2000’s Reindeer Games. She shares, “That was a bad, bad movie. But...I got to work with [director] John Frankenheimer. I wasn't lying to myself - that's why I did it.” Well, we always have a reason for doing something. We just have to live with the consequences, no regrets!
Charlize Theron stars in boyfriend’s directorial debut  September 30, 2007
The stunning and talented Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron is definitely a supportive girlfriend to her Irish boyfriend Stuart Townsend. The actress revealed that when Stuart wrote the screenplay for "Battle in Seattle", he was rejected when he attempted to shop it around Hollywood. Charlize Theron shares, “I'll never forget the day when he gave it [script] to me and the paper was still hot from coming out of the printer and I was in the kitchen. He left because he was nervous and disappeared for three hours. I sat in the kitchen and I couldn't stop reading it. Then I saw him go through the struggle that a lot of first time filmmakers go through when they have a great piece of material but it's original and it's different. I tip my hat to this guy because what he did was really incredible.” As I said, Charlize is supportive! But she did more than that. Because she believed so much in Stuart’s script, Charlize insisted on taking a lead role, opposite Ray Liotta and many others. Stuart also directs (his debut) the movie which is all about the protests and outbreaks of violence that marred the WTO (World Trade Organization) ministerial conference in 1999.
Copyright © 2011 CharlizeTheron-Fans.com
