Charlize Theron: 'I had no teeth until I was 11'
Stuart Wilson / Getty Images
Charlize Theron shows off her pearly whites May 14 at the London premiere of "Snow White and The Huntsman."
By Us Weekly
New mom  Charlize Theron didn't always have a reason to smile.
The Oscar winner, 36, tells British paper The Sun her "early childhood was quite devastating"  because she "had no teeth until I was 11."
Because she "had jaundice as  a kid," the "Snow White and the Huntsman" actress "was put on so many  antibiotics that my teeth rotted. They had to cut them out."
PHOTOS: Stars' most embarrassing yearbook pics
"So I never  had milk teeth. That was tough, you know, being in school having photos taken  while I was pretending I had teeth," Theron recalls. "It was hideous."
Years later, when she was 16, Theron -- bearing a dazzling smile at last  -- was discovered by a modeling scout. "It was totally by mistake. My mother  thought it would be a funny joke. Modeling was never a passion of mine, but it  was this incredible opportunity."
PHOTOS: Charlize Theron's hottest looks ever
"I grew up in  South Africa and I would look at maps and we were at the bottom of the world.  There was this whole thing up there. I was always reading encyclopedias about  the world. So travel was something I was always attracted to. So when the scout  said, 'You can go to Milan!' I was like, 'Ah, hi!' . . . I hadn't even been on a  plane prior to that."
In her interview with The Sun , Theron also opens up about her son  Jackson, who she adopted in mid-March. "I've never felt more  creative and with more energy but on the tiniest amount of sleep. I never knew I  needed that little sleep. I always had eight hours and now it's, 'Wow, OK, you  can function on just four.' But Jackson is great. I've always been very aware of  balance and, even before I had a child, my life always takes priority to my  work."
PHOTOS: More stars who have adopted
The "Prometheus" actress added: "I feel very blessed that I have this job but  my job is not my life. I'm really lucky that I get to go and do this, but my  life is pretty kick-ass, and I take real priority in that."
Charlize Theron attends the "Snow White and the Huntsman" premiere in London and talks about her adopted baby, Jackson.
Do you like her smile now? Tell us about it on Facebook .
More celeb news
