August 15, 2006 at 4:59 pm
Lara – from what I have been able to find, it is probably still fungal. High humidity could do it even if it hasn’t rained. My crepe myrtle tree has continued to lose leaves and more leaves turn yellow every day, despite the rains having stopped. I will be re-applying the fungicide because when I applied it the first time, we had showers soon after which effectively washed what I had applied off.
I would follow the “run its course” approach but it is getting worse. It is not so bad that I fear I will lose it but I want the tree to look a little healthier before the cooler weather comes in…
May I suggest you take an affected leaf to your local nursery (not the large retail stores but an actual nursery) and see if they can help you identify the problem and the solution? That would be the best bet if you don’t think it is fungal.
chrisanna evans
August 24, 2006 at 2:49 am
on a recent visit from the uk to Greenville ,North Carolina,i fell in love with the beautiful Crape Myrtle tree.Please can you tell me if it is possible to grow this tree in the uk.If so is it possible for an amateur to grow it from seed.
Janice
September 4, 2006 at 10:46 pm
I have no trouble at all recognizing the picture Lara posted of her Crepe Myrtle and it looks nothing like a magnolia to me.  Infact I am having the same problem with two of my Crepe Myrtles which are planted close in proximity to each other.  I first begin to notice only one covered with a white powdery mildew.  I asked my local co-op/nursery what I should use to treat it and they recommended Mancozeb Flowable with Zinc,a broad spectrum fungicide, for control of Botrytis, Blights, Downy Mildew and other diseases.  It recommends spraying 1-2 times a week when flowers are opening and even suggest a direct spray into flowers and throughly spray ground under the Crepe Myrtle.  I have done this and I noticed it seems to help with the powdery mildew but when I stopped the treatment it immediately returned.  Now for the last 3 week they both have leaves that are turning yellow, spotted and droping off rapidily… They look just like Lara’s picture.  We actually live in West Tennesse and have not had much rain and the ground is quite dry but we do experience high humidity.  I’m concerned that they might die and I have even thought about digging them up and moving them because the are in shade a portion of the day from a large Oak nearby.  I’m  also worried that they may not be buried deep enough as they tend to lean and I can actually rock the whole shurb.  They are about 15′ in height and this is only the second year I have had them.  What should I do??
Search for:
