Leaf Man by Lois Ehlert
Red Leaf, Yellow Leaf by Lois Ehlert
Fun With Nature by Mel Boring (or another tree/leaf guide)
Library List
We're Going on a Leaf Hunt
When Autumn Comes by Robert Maas
Why Do Leaves Change Color? by Betsy Maestro
Autumn Leaves by Ken Robbins
Look What I Did With A Leaf by Morteza E. Sohi
SCIENCE
Leaf Diagram
Bring a few leaves in from outside.  Have your student draw a  picture of the leaf (you may need to help add the details) attached to a stem. 
Label the leaf with the following terms:
petiole - a leaf stalk; it attaches the  leaf to the plant
leaf apex - the outer end (tip) of a leaf; the end that is opposite the petiole.
midrib - the central rib of a leaf - it is usually in the center and continuous  with the petiole.
vein - one of the many vascular structures on a leaf. Veins provide supports for  the leaf and transport both water and food through the leaf.
lamina- the actual leaf (blade)
stem - (also called the axis) the main support of the plant.
stipule - the small, paired appendages (sometimes leaf-life) that are found at  the base of the petiole of leaves of many flowering plants.
Smaller Version-- unlabeled (to include in your lapbook)
Leaf Identification/Collection
Go outside with Fun  With Nature in hand and see how many different trees you can identify (use  their leaves to identify them).  You may want to keep your leaves and make  a collection (include common names as well as scientific names).   If  you don't want to store leaves, you can make a leaf rubbing of each leaf and  then add the names for the leaf; another idea would be to take photos of your  leaves and paste them into your book after you print your pictures. 
Learn the names of different  types of leaves-- Play this Leaf  Concentration Game
Leaf Margins
The shape of the edge or margin of a leaf is another way it can be  identified.  Margin is the term used to describe the edge of the  leaf; there are three basic kinds of leaf margins:
entire - having a smooth edge with neither teeth nor lobes.
lobed - divided into rounded or pointed sections and the incisions (cuts) go  less than halfway to the midrib.
toothed - having small, pointy teeth that point toward the tip of the leaf.
Leaf Margin Tri-fold book for your lapbook
Your older student may wan to learn more about other margin sub-classifications.  Check out this website for more information
Note:  it seems that there are many different classifications for leaf  margins.  Websites that I've used for this research are edu sites, but they  aren't consistent with one another.  I think the important thing for your  younger student to learn from this lesson is that leaves can be classified into  margins (not that they memorize every type of margin there is); for your older  student to use observation and classification skills.
Science:  Leaves Change Color
First, explain to your student that there are two types of trees.  The  first type is evergreen; they have green needles all winter long.  The  second type is deciduous which "change" their leaf colors in preparation for  winter.   It appears that leaves are changing colors, but really they  aren't!
Each leaf has millions of tiny packages of chlorophyll, xanthophyll, and  carotene.  Chlorophyll is green; xanthophyll is yellow; carotene is orange.  In the summer time, the green chlorophyll packages are busy catching sunlight  and using energy, they change water from the ground and carbon dioxide (a gas in  the air that they need to survive) into glucose (sugar).   This  process is called photosynthesis and provides the tree with food (the  glucose/sugar). 
During the summer, the green chlorophyll packages continue to produce food for  the tree.  They are able to do this since they are able to get the water  they need to do their job.  The water goes up the tree's roots, on up the  trunk, and enters little tubes in the leaf's stem.   Because these  green packages are able to get water and keep busy, the green color dominates  the other colors. 
In the fall, the weather gets colder signaling to the tree that it is time to  prepare for winter.  A thin layer (of cells) grows over the tubes in the  leaves and closes them up for winter-- they are no longer able to get water--  and that means they stop producing the food for the tree.  The green  chlorophyll starts to disappear and the true color of the leaf-- the yellow and  orange, are able to be seen.
Red and purple leaves have a different explanation.  Some trees have sap.  The sap in the trees uses the same tubes to travel through the tree that water  uses.  When the thin layer of cells grows over the water tubes, the sap is  trapped.  When it gets trapped in a leaf, it may cause the sap to turn red  or purple, so the leaf turns that color as well.   (A go-along book  for this lesson -- Red Leaf, Yellow Leaf by Lois Ehlert)
Experiment-- Using chromatography, your student will be able to see the  colors always present in a leaf
Supplies Needed
Green Leaf (spinach, beet, or one from a deciduous tree)
Porcelain or Stoneware coffee mugs
Smooth, round rocks
