lily green
   
Reason why plants appear green because of the presence of light, the color of any object to show the final analysis, the embodiment of all visible colors. We know that there is only light under the premise of showing the object to the color, without light, all the objects are all black. In the evening, any bright colors have lost their charm, we can only see the dark. The only natural light source on the planet is the sun, the sun reaches the earth's surface on a very broad spectrum, its width of 290 nanometers to 1100 nanometers, our human eye can only see part of it, we said it as visible light, the wavelength range between 440 nm to 700 nm, according to the order from long to short followed by red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple. Wavelength longer than red is called infrared light, shorter than violet are called ultraviolet. Infrared light and ultraviolet light is our perception of the human eye can not. Why objects shown in different colors, why the world around us is so colorful, colorful it? This is due to visible light absorbed by the object which part of the decision. If an object absorbs all visible light, we see the object is black, if the object reflects all the light we see is white, if the object is only part of the light absorption, and reflection and part of the light, we see the color of the object is that it reflected that part of the color of the light. Plants are green, to biological photosynthesis, which depends on their cells to capture energy containing pigment, called chlorophyll, the chemical structure, which consists of four linked porphyrin ring composed of a central complex magnesium atoms, which constitute its head, its tail is almost completely saturated hydrocarbon phytol, a complete two chlorophyll molecules. Chlorophyll is the general term for this type of photosynthetic pigment, based on their subtle differences between chemical structure, chlorophyll divided into three types, namely, chlorophyll a, chlorophyll b and chlorophyll c. Where chlorophyll a is the main photosynthetic pigment found in all photosynthetic oxygen plants, the other two are auxiliary pigments were present in the different categories of plants. In addition to chlorophyll, there are other types of photosynthetic pigments, such as carotene, choline and other algae, they are also accessory pigments of photosynthesis, plant color depends on a combination of several pigments. Photosynthetic oxygen evolution in all organisms, there is the presence of chlorophyll a, chlorophyll a absorption of sunlight has two peaks, respectively, the blue area near 440 nm and 680 nm near the red zone, one in the blue region, a in the violet region, and for the green light at 500-600 nanometers poorly absorbed, so we see that the plants are basically green. Plant kingdom, is dominated by green plants, including all of the angiosperms, gymnosperms, ferns, bryophytes and algae in the green algae. They contain chloroplasts, in addition to chlorophyll a, but also contains chlorophyll b. The absorption peaks of chlorophyll b is also in the blue zone and red zone, respectively, 470 nm and 650 nm, and 500-600 nm for green light in as little absorption, most is reflected back, so we are everywhere in nature can see these green plants. Because the green light to plant the most useless, so the leaves of chlorophyll does not absorb, so the vast majority of green light reflected out, so we see the leaves are green. The laws of physics: what color is transparent transmission of light by the color of his decision; opaque object color is the color of his reflected light. Of course, the green color is not static in no change, I will not speak of colorful flowers and fruits, because of their coloring is rich in carotene content, anthocyanin and flavonoid pigments such as the proportion of different combinations, as well as the complex interaction of environmental conditions the results, even if the green leaves will show itself in different colors in the market, we can often see purple cabbage, which is purple pigment in their cells dominate the chlorophyll masked color. In the late autumn early winter, a variety of plant leaves turn yellow or red, which is blocked because of chlorophyll, and begins to decompose the original and lutein in the leaves erythrophyll apparent reason. Plant kingdom, some plants do not seem to pure green, took two of our most familiar seaweed - seaweed and kelp is, they represent the Rhodophyta and Phaeophyta, the former is purple, which is brown, This is the photosynthetic pigments they contain a different result. Phaeophyta, Bacillariophyta, Pyrrophyta all contain chlorophyll c, its absorption peak is 460 nm and 640 nm, and the fucose-specific quality and peridinin yellow, their absorption peak is 490 nm, thus making a large part of green light is absorbed, so the color of plants is not pure green, but showing a brown and yellow. Red algae contains a special kind of accessory pigments, which is phycobilin, it is a water-soluble accessory pigments, with phycoerythrin and phycocyanin binding, are called phycoerythrin and phycocyanin, phycoerythrin factors at 500 nm, 540 nm and 566 nm absorption peak at a 3, the results of almost all the green light is absorbed, so a lot of red algae have no green at all. Red algae can absorb green light, adaptation to the environment is significant, when the sun's blue and red filtered out most of the sea, life in the depths of the red algae is still green light for photosynthesis can be used, the United States Scientists have at depths over 260 meters of the ocean collected red algae grow well, where the sea of light intensity light intensity is only about five ten thousandths. Place in shallow water, the content of phycocyanin is much higher absorption of green photosynthetic red algae also much less, where the growth of red algae and sometimes still shows a touch of green. Photosynthetic organisms, oxygen is also a class of algae, the same with the red algae, cyanobacteria, algae also contain choline, but mainly to phycocyanin, phycocyanin, mainly in the spectral absorption peak near 620 nm yellow light, so algae shown is the color of blue and green. Of course, the cyanobacteria also contain phycoerythrin based on individual species, this time, the color is red algae, the Red Sea to the growth of a large number of red algae, and so the water red, hence the name Red Sea.
