Best wishes for a trouble-free pregnancy and a happy, healthy new little person.
Uncephalized wrote on January 31st, 2012
Have you considered digestive enzymes specific to cellulose?
rarebird wrote on January 31st, 2012
I use one called No-Fenol by Houston Enzymes. It’s pretty effective and has the added benefit of killing candida if taken on an empty stomach.
Sabrina wrote on January 31st, 2012
Am definitely going to give it a look. Not familiar with the phenol hypotheses.
rarebird wrote on January 31st, 2012
I heard on Robb Wolf’s podcast that during pregnancy, the immune system is depressed, therefore your autimmune symptoms related to intake of certain foods may have been changed for the time-being (saw on your blog you have celiac disease). Just a thought.
Great post about homeschooling, by the way. My daughter is 3 and I have serious reservations about sending her to public school. The post was good food-for-thought.
Nick wrote on January 31st, 2012
Reply
Yeah, I know that about pregnancy. I would have thought that I would tolerate foods worse then. It’s hard to say right now what’s going on. I hadn’t tried vegetables for so long. It could be pregnancy or it could be some level of healing. Who knows!
Thanks by the way!
Reply
I also wonder about the bioavailability of some of the greens that are traditionally cooked when eaten raw. I have recently been enjoying throwing some raw collards, or kale or mustards in my salad and have wondered if I am getting much out of them.
Brak wrote on January 31st, 2012
Cooking can benefit the nutrient value of vegetables, contrary to CW. Will make another comment sharing a link on the topic – which may take awhile to show up since evidently links require moderation.
rarebird wrote on January 31st, 2012
Reply
>>I’m not saying you have to eat three heaping platefuls of vegetation, like Terry Wahls did.
And yet, that’s exactly what I did — gave myself a challenge in January, to eat 9 cups of veggies every day, in the categories she lists (3 cups leafy greens, 3 cups other veggies, 3 cups brightly colored veggies/fruit.)
I’ve been primal for about 18 months. It’s been an amazing change. I am *healthy* for the first time in my life.
But the difference between 9 cups of veggies/day and 6-7 that I was getting before? Is the difference between optimal health and merely good. The biggest difference is that my brain is *awake* every single morning. There are no longer bad days.
So if you’re doing primal, and it’s great, but you want more, maybe try this bodyhack. It might be the kick you need.
Rozska wrote on January 31st, 2012
Thank you for sharing this experience and your conclusions.
rarebird wrote on January 31st, 2012
Great to hear I am going to give it a try so I hope to have results like yours!
Aoife wrote on January 31st, 2012
Reply
Thanks for this post! I have been primal for a few months now. Felt great at first, still feel better than S.A.D. days, but not as great as those first few weeks. I am going to commit to doing this, too.
Anonygrok wrote on January 31st, 2012
Reply
Yeah, thanks for sharing this. I have MS and have mostly healed on a primal diet that eliminates my trigger foods, but I’ve been tired and getting some symptoms back lately. And it seems everywhere I turn these days, I see a mention of Terry Wahls! 9 cups sounds like SOOO much, but I think I might give it a try and see what happens!
Kathy wrote on February 1st, 2012
You hear that you should eat plants but the reaction is really – so what or why bother.
Your point here is the clincher for me:
“Unless you’re eating bones, drinking blood/meat juice, and eating hoof, fur, and tail, you’ll be missing out on magnesium, potassium, and calcium by excluding leafy greens.”
I just can’t think of a good way to eat hoof or fur so by comparison a 9 cup size salad seems really appetizing…
Thanks for giving reasons why you should eat plants and providing details about the nutrients.
On the days I don’t feel like eating a salad, does anyone have a good fur, hoof, meat juice recipe?
Stan Starsky wrote on January 31st, 2012
Sure, for hooves, there’s always room for Jello.
Eric wrote on January 31st, 2012
Reply
I add two packets of plain gelatine to my post training shake on heavy compound days. My joints and tendons are ready for another heavy training session for the same lifts a day or two earlier than when I don’t.
John wrote on January 31st, 2012
Thank you for this tip.
rarebird wrote on January 31st, 2012
Since I started adding plain gelatin to foods, my nails have gotten much stronger. It seems reasonable that my joints and tendons have too.
Harry Mossman wrote on January 31st, 2012
Actually, there is a very easy way to get sufficient calcium, magnesium, potassium via the “whole animal”.
Canned wild (only way to go) salmon and canned sardines both include the skin and bones as well as the flesh. Just consume all of the contents – don’t try to pick out the bones and skin. Mash it all together when cooking with canned salmon – the bones are soft. You’ll get a great blend of minerals (including trace minerals like selenium) as well as good Omega 3 rich fats, several B vitamins, and vitamin D.
Canned wild Salmon bones have always been “fun food” for me. My sister hated them so my mother always picked them out for her before making salmon patties or salmon loaf. Fine with me since I got the bones for a snack!
rarebird wrote on January 31st, 2012
My Mom did the exact same thing!  I still like to pick out and eat the tasty little bones.
Kelly wrote on February 1st, 2012
I always eat a few of the bones before mashing the salmon for cooking. Its part of the fun of cooking with wild canned salmon.
rarebird wrote on February 1st, 2012
Salmon loaf? That got my attention!  Do you have a recipe you’d share with us?  How about a primal salmon patty recipe?
W. J. Purifoy wrote on February 3rd, 2012
Reply
Sure, I’d be happy to share what I can on the subject – with a few caveats. First one is that I am still relatively new to primal cooking so my old standby recipes are all being converted. Although, I have decided today that you can consider yourself past the total newbie stage when your dogs no longer act like Pavlov’s salivating dog every time you cook bacon! LOL
Second, this post will be more of a cooking lesson than simply a cut and dried recipe. I will give guidelines for making – hopefully – primal versions of traditional salmon loaf/patties.
Third, read this article (below) by Mark on edible seeds, especially flax. I use ground flax as a binder in my salmon loaf/patty recipes.
http://www.marksdailyapple.com/quick-guide-edible-seeds/#axzz1lLI7LQYl
Most recipes for salmon loaf or patties call for bread crumbs, cracker crumbs, or cooked white rice. My mother used all three depending on what she had on hand or what version she was making. I replaced these items with ground flax seed years ago and my family has preferred my flax seed version from day one. So, when I went primal one of the first things that I did was check to see of I could retain flax seed in my diet.
According to Mark, while he is not impressed by flax as a food, he doesn’t eliminate it out right from the diet. He doesn’t see much use for it – but I find it is useful as a binder in certain recipes.
Flax does have carbohydrates – 14 grams per 3 tablespoons according to the label I am looking at right now.  Used as a binder, it would be easy to overlook those carb grams, so please don’t do that – especially if you are on a nutritional ketone range of carb intake.
OK, that’s all for “part one”. Be back in a minute with “part two”.
rarebird wrote on February 3rd, 2012
Your comment is awaiting moderation.
Sure, I’d be happy to share what I can on the subject – with a few caveats. First one is that I am still relatively new to primal cooking so my old standby recipes are all being converted. Although, I have decided today that you can consider yourself past the total newbie stage when your dogs no longer act like Pavlov’s salivating dog every time you cook bacon! LOL
Second, this post will be more of a cooking lesson than simply a cut and dried recipe. I will give guidelines for making – hopefully – primal versions of traditional salmon loaf/patties.
Third, read Mark’s article here at MDA on edible seeds, especially flax. I had originally included the link but that comment is still waiting moderation. I use ~freshly ground~ flax as a binder in my salmon loaf/patty recipes.
Most recipes for salmon loaf or patties call for bread crumbs, cracker crumbs, or cooked white rice to be used as a binder. My mother used all three depending on what she had on hand or what version she was making. I replaced these items with ground flax seed years ago and my family has preferred my flax seed version from day one. So, when I went primal one of the first things that I did was check to see of I could retain flax seed in my diet.
According to Mark, while he is not impressed by flax as a food, he doesn’t eliminate it out right from the diet. He doesn’t see much use for it – but I find it is useful as a binder in certain recipes.
Flax does have carbohydrates – 11 grams per 3 tablespoons according to the label I am looking at right now. Used as a binder, it would be easy to overlook those carb grams, so please don’t do that – especially if you are on a nutritional ketone range of carb intake.
OK, that’s all for “part one”. Be back in a minute with “part two”.
rarebird wrote on February 4th, 2012
Part two….
I’m currently using Arctic Bay’s “Fresh Caught Wild Alaskan Pink Salmon”. In the PB book, Mark recommends wild caught Alaskan salmon as being relatively free of contaminants and nutritious – and I agree.
Other considerations include what is added to the canned salmon. In the case of the product above, the entire ingredients are : “salmon and salt”. No plant oils and no fluoride.
I bought this product at Aldi’s (by the case) and got a great price on it so stocked the pantry. Saving money (without sacrificing quality) doesn’t hurt, either – especially since I sometimes make large batches of salmon mix for loaves/patties and then freeze them ready to be cooked later. Not only is salmon loaf/patties an easy recipe its a great convenience food for busy times.
I use the same basic recipe for both loaves or patties. The “salmon burger” recipe on the label of the product above is fairly representative – so I’ll share it here.
1 can salmon
1 egg, slightly beaten
1/2 cup each chopped onion, finely chopped green pepper, and fresh whole wheat crumbs (I substitute ground flax in the same amount – either brown or golden works well).
1 Tbs. lemon juice
1 Tbs. grated lemon peel
1/2 Tbs. rosemary, crushed
1/8 Tsp. pepper
Drain salmon. Flake. Combine ingredients. Mix well. Form into 4 to 5 patties. Pan fry in small amount of vegetable oil (I use butter or ghee) until browned.
That’s the basic idea for patties. The same mix can be pressed into a buttered loaf pan and baked in a moderate (350 degree) oven until set – depending on the type of pan about 30 -45 minutes. The salmon is already cooked so the only thing that is raw is the egg. Just watch for the loaf to set up firmly and to brown a little if that’s what you want. I like mine a little browned (and to cook quickly) so I use metal mini loaf pans.
I fry the patties in butter. Coconut oil would be good, too. Just don’t use olive oil this way as the heat isn’t good for it.
I use a food processor to make basically a chunky paste of the vegetables and then add in the egg, lemon juice, peel, herbs and the (already) ground flax seed to pulse briefly in the processor. I grind my flax seed just before I use it in a Magic Bullet blender – but some people use a coffee grinder. The drained salmon is waiting in a big mixing bowl and I add the paste to it. I use my hands to mix the paste into the salmon until I like the consistency. Experiment.
I play around with the herbs, sometimes using only dill or a mix with dill. Rosemary and parsley are staples in my kitchen so often that’s what I use. I also add sliced green olives and/or sliced green onion if the mix will be baked as a loaf. Pieces are better in a loaf than a pattie, IMO. You may disagree so – again – experiment.
Have fun. Try new things. Add back a little of the drained salmon liquid. I give mine to the dogs, btw. Try coconut chips or nuts. Try other binders – like almond or coconut flour – or another type of ground seed. Add an extra egg. Whatever strikes your primal fancy. Just remember to keep the dry/wet ratio balanced so that the mix is not sticky nor failing to adhere by being too dry.
rarebird wrote on February 4th, 2012
P.S. I didn’t specify the salmon can size – 14.75 ozs. I can’t recall ever seeing salmon in a different size can – but there it is if you need the info.
rarebird wrote on February 4th, 2012
Those sound yummy. Coconut flour works as a binder, too. And, I have found sprouted flax seed powder from Nutra Sprout on Amazon. Figure less antinutrients if it is sprouted.
Tina wrote on February 5th, 2012
Thanks, Tina. That sprouted flax powder sounds interesting – will look into it. Not only less anti-nutrients but also more nutrition than unsprouted flax seed. Evidently the role of phytate is to bind the nutrients to the seed making them available for the plant’s use after sprouting – via phytase.
I’m still learning about the anti-nutrients and I wonder how to balance the pros with the cons. Evidently its the phytates that are associated with reduced colon cancer (among other pros) via binding cancer causing agents in the intestines. They also appear to reduce uroliths (like kidney stones) by binding excess minerals.
The ant-nutrient aspect seems to only be a genuine issue for people with marginal nutrition – and/or vegetarians with a large whole grain consumption – in the first place. So, like I said – still learning and the jury’s still out for me.
rarebird wrote on February 7th, 2012
I know our early hominids were more scavengers than us so they could probably digest vegetables better than us and in more recent times, humans with excellent health would ferment or cook their vegetables.  How well were our digestive tracts designed to consume vegetables compared to our early hominid ancestors and other animals that are ruminants or hind gut digesters?
Edward wrote on January 31st, 2012
My hubby makes a big-ass-salad for his lunch every day. I’m not so dedicated but I do enjoy it when I do…
gilliebean wrote on January 31st, 2012
