Shade grown to maximize  chlorophyll energy boost?
Yes -- with 3 layers of  shading
Not all Matcha is  shade-grown with 3 layers of shading to maximize chlorophyll
Hand harvested to capture  the youngest leaves of the tea plant
Yes -- this costly process  ensures only the top 2 leaves and buds are harvested for consistent quality
Many brands are machine  harvested, losing the quality advantages of selective harvesting
Harvested using skilled  farmers, and without unethical labor abuse?
Yes -- skilled workers paid "1st world" wages to ensure quality and consistency of harvest
Many teas are harvested in  areas like China and India with  unskilled, poorly-paid workers -- the end result is poor harvesting selection
100% Japanese harvested?
Yes -- harvested in Nishio, Japan,  the premiere Matcha region in the world
Some Matchas are made from  blends of teas outside Japan,  where poor soil conditions impact the quality
Entire tea leaf used with  stems and veins removed?
Yes -- since stems and veins  do not add any nutritional value, they are meticulously removed
Not all Matcha brands  remove stems and veins, leaving the tea less nutritious and more bitter in  taste
Granite grinding used to  produce powder?
Yes -- ground in controlled  environment without nutrient loss
Many Matcha brands use air pulverization  methods to achieve powder, but friction causes loss of nutrients
Laboratory tested to verify  consistent product quality and nutrient content?
Yes -- product is put  through extensive lab testing to verify consistency factors -- from  color to particle size to analysis of amino  acid and catechin content
Without performing lab  testing on their products, many Matcha brands simply won't be able to provide a  high-quality product
Professional packaging in a  quality facility?
Yes -- produced in ISO 9001  certified "clean room" facilities and received a "superior" rating from AIB
Not all Matcha brands  follow international manufacturing and packaging standards for quality and  consistency
Uses refrigerated  warehouses to ensure optimal freshness and quality?
Yes -- facilities from Japan  to our international distribution facilities are all refrigerated
Many Matcha manufacturers  do not use refrigeration throughout their supply chains, leading to freshness  and quality compromises
Organic certification?
Yes -- 1st Matcha  in the world to receive international organic certifications -- IMO Switzerland  (EU organic, USDA organic) and JONA (Japanese organic)
Many Matcha products claim  to be organic but have not been certified as such
Kosher certification?
Yes -- circle K certified
Without this, other brands  have left out a large population
Why should you settle  for anything less but the best premium Matcha green tea available? That's why  I'm only recommending and offering you the "best of the best" Matcha green  teas: Royal  Matcha Green Tea.
Ever Wonder Why the Japanese Enjoy Such a Long Life Expectancy?
You receive all the nutrient value from the entire tea leaf with USDA Certified Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea!
Interestingly enough, after  water, green tea happens to be the most  widely consumed beverage on earth. For centuries, Matcha green tea has been kept a guarded secret.  Why? The Japanese desired to keep their tea ceremony very exclusive and closed  to the outside world.
Plus, the people of Japan wanted to keep this scarce  form of green tea with its numerous health-promoting benefits strictly to  themselves.
As of 2006, Japan  enjoys the fourth highest life expectancy rate in the world at 81.2 years. The U.S., China,  and most European countries (other than Switzerland  and Italy)  are not even in the top 10. 
With Matcha being part of the ritualistic Japanese monk ceremonies,  it's no wonder why these monks are able to concentrate intensely for their 12-hour  meditation sessions! 
Japanese people typically do not drink coffee. They do,  however, consume green tea throughout the day. With the powerful  health-supporting benefits of green tea, and even more so with Matcha, I believe  that 127 million Japanese have the right idea. Wouldn't you agree?
How You Can Avoid Potential Toxic Metal Risks Associated with Tea
Although green tea happens to be the most nutritious beverage  on the planet, you also must be very careful about your source, as much of the  inferior green teas (especially those grown in China,  Pakistan, and India)  contain potentially high levels of metals such as fluoride, lead, and aluminum.
Once in your body, the aluminum may eventually combine with  oxygen to form aluminum oxide or alumina -- the compound of aluminum that has  been found in people with Alzheimer's disease.
As you're well aware by now, all teas are not created equal,  and some are processed in a way that may do your body more harm than good. When  you drink Matcha green tea, you're not just consuming green tea leaf-infused water  (which contains only a small fraction of the phytonutrients) -- you're actually consuming the entire nutrient-rich  green tea leaf.
With USDA Certified Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea, you can rest assured  that it provides you with:
A completely natural green tea using the entire nutrient-rich leaf...
Up to 17 times the antioxidants of wild blueberries, and even 7 times higher than dark chocolate...
Up to 9 times the beta carotene found in spinach...
Nutrient-rich bright green chlorophyll to provide you with vibrant energy from the sun...
An incredibly delicious and satisfying flavor you'll thoroughly enjoy...
Whether you are drinking green tea for its exquisite taste,  health-supporting benefits, or both, with this healthful and safe tea you can  feel free to drink up!
Polyphenols: Your Key to Better Health
You receive all the nutrient value from the entire tea leaf with USDA Certified Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea!
Fresh tea leaf comes unusually rich in powerful antioxidants  called polyphenols which may constitute up to 30% of the dry leaf weight. So,  when you drink a cup of tea, you're basically drinking a solution of tea polyphenols.  In fresh, unfermented tea leaves, polyphenols exist as a series of chemicals  called catechins.
Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG) happens to be the most  powerful catechin found in tea. In fact, one study indicates that EGCG is  25-100 times more potent than antioxidant vitamins C and E. This study also reported that just one  cup of green tea has antioxidant effects greater than a serving of broccoli,  spinach, carrots, or strawberries.
With USDA Certified Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea, you could receive over 100  times the EGCG provided from regular brewed green tea!   
With such extremely high antioxidant activity, it's logical  to conclude that Matcha green tea may be highly beneficial in protecting your  body from health concerns posed by free radicals. Free radicals are highly  reactive molecules and fragments of molecules that may impact your body at the  cellular level.  
That's why antioxidants provide support for your hardworking  immune and cardiovascular systems. Widely acclaimed for overall  health-promotion, catechins (EGCG) have been studied for the last few decades  for their potential ability to:
Support your  immune system
Fight the  signs of normal aging
Support your  healthy digestion
Promote  healthy function of your brain and liver
Help promote  your healthy gums
USDA Certified Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea... My #1 Choice for You
For quite some time, I've been searching for the right form  of green tea similar to what the Japanese use in their magical ceremonies. I'm  very excited to be able to bring this rare variety of green tea to you in the  form of Royal  Matcha Green Tea.
Unlike ingredient-grade teas made from lower quality tea  leaves, yielding a powder less green in color and more astringent to your taste, Royal Matcha  Green Tea uses only the highest-quality tea leaves in its production. 
Despite numerous compelling reasons why I chose this unique form  of green tea for you over countless others -- to provide you with the best  possible Matcha available -- certain reasons clearly stand out as to why this Matcha  receives my #1 vote.
5 Powerful Reasons You Should Choose
Royal Matcha     Green Tea for Yourself and Your Family
Quality: It is well-known among tea experts that the green tea from Japan is unparalleled for its quality. The abundant teas from China, Pakistan, and India often provide lower quality, with possible contamination by metals and other toxins in their poor soils.
Health-promotion: You receive all the benefits of the antioxidants  and phytonutrients from the entire tea leaf, not just simply a few that get  extracted from the water.
Convenience: You can quickly add 1/8-1/4 tsp. to a bottle of icy cold water, shake  and have a delicious green tea beverage to help you keep focused and energetic  at work or at whatever you're doing.  
Beauty and  Uniqueness: Unlike other green  teas which result in a pale yellow-green, bitter liquid, the high energy-promoting  chlorophyll content of USDA Certified Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea provides  the most beautiful bright green color you've ever seen. 
Superior Taste: China-type Matcha  green teas have more of a bitter taste as a result of their pan-firing process.  With its unique steam-firing process, Royal  Matcha Green Tea from Japan  has a very appealing taste -- without damaging the nutrients and antioxidants.
Please Act Now As Our Supply is Limited
Recipes You'll Love...
A great energy boost to start your day...
Place about 1/8-1/4 tsp. of Organic Royal Matcha Green Tea powder  in a 16 oz water  bottle filled with cold water. 
Shake well until dissolved.
Cold Matcha Frappe...Blend the  following:
3 ice cubes
