chlorophyll
x O2 + Cx(H2O)y
This is an endothermic reaction and the light energy converted to chemical energy is stored in form of sugar and starch in the leaves. Chlorophyll can easily decompose in bright sunlight and therefore plants continuously synthesize chlorophyll to maintain the balance. Chlorophyll is synthesized in the presence of sunlight and warm temperature.
Carotenoids present in leaves absorb the blue-green and blue light from the sunlight. This light reflected back by the leaves appears to be yellow in color. Carotenoids (C40H36) is also present in the chloroplasts of many plants. Leaves appear green when carotenoids and chlorophyll both are present in the chloroplasts and reflect the blue-green and blue light of the sunlight. Carotenes absorb light energy and transfer it to form chlorophyll. Carotenoids are more stable compounds than chlorophyll. Therefore, when chlorophyll is completely depleted, leaves turn yellow in color.
Anthocyamins absorb blue, blue-green and green light. The light reflected by the leaves therefore appears to be red in color. The anthocyanins are dissolved in the cell sap of the leaves. The pigments are sensitive to the cell sap pH and thus lead to the production of color. If the cell sap is acidic in nature, the color so produced is bright red and less acidic produces more of a purple shade. Anthocyanins are produced due to the reaction between the sugars and certain proteins in the cell sap, in presence of light. Therefore, many times apples are red on one side and a little green on the other, due to the amount of light received by the apple's surface.
Why do Leaves Change Colors During Fall
The length of the day decreases in fall and there are many changes in temperature. As mentioned above, chlorophyll pigments are produced in presence of light. Less chlorophyll is produced in autumn season as the days are shorter. The rate of decomposition of chlorophyll remains the same, but rate of production of chlorophyll decreases. This leads to 'fading off' of the green leaves.
Carotenoids present in the leaves do not decompose as quickly as the chlorophyll molecules, as they are more stable. Also, carotenoid production does not depend on light. Therefore, number of carotenoid molecules increase as chlorophyll decreases. This leads to leaves changing color into yellow or orange and sometimes even red. Anthocyanin is another color pigment present in the leaves. If leaves contain anthocyanin, with the decrease in chlorophyll molecules, the colors developed will be due to this pigment. Thus, leaves changing color into red or purple is due to high amount of anthocyanin.
If carotenoids and anthocyanin, are both present in the leaves, the leaf color is orange. If both are absent, other chemical compounds in the plant leaf like tannins, give the leaves brownish color. For example, oak tree leaves turning brown. Temperature too plays a major role in leaves changing color. If the days are warm, the leaf colors are bright as anthocyanin requires presence of light. In case the sky is overcast or light intensity is dull, the leaves will appear to be brown or yellow.
The yellow and red pigments will soon decompose and disintegrate, once it falls on the ground. The dead leaves will be brown in color. Soon, there will be a huge carpet of dried, brown leaves on the ground for you to rack into a stack and the huge, majestic trees will stand barren without their leafy cover.
Fall is a beautiful season with a mirage of colors that makes earth look like God's palette. You can enjoy this colorful season, with a cold nip in the air and observe nature playing with colors.
