Health
Traditions
The tender leaves of this Fair Trade Certified organic tea from China are steamed and then tightly rolled in a time honored process.   When infused, the tightly-rolled pellets yield a medium-bodied, golden infusion with a nutty vegetal flavor.  Heat generated during the rolling process lends this tea a hint of smoke.
Legend has it that the name of this organic green tea is owed to a young English clerk who likened the small green pellets to gunpowder.  Hot water causes them to open up like flowers and sink slowly to the bottom in graceful patterns.
Note: Gunpowder is denser than other teas, so we recommend only one or two teaspoons for a full teapot, or a scant teaspoon for one cup of organic tea .
Ingredients: organic Chinese green tea
Serving Size: one scant teaspoon per 8 oz cup of water
Staff Perspectives
Aubrey Says: This is our original Gunpowder Green Tea and is a best seller!
Jeremy Says: A great Gunpowder that can be re-steeped multiple times.
1. How do you rate this product?
2. Write a headline for your review here:
3. Write your review here:
4. Enter your name: (optional)
5. Enter the code below:
Nice smoky taste that's not too overpowering
Posted by Graham Friday on 8th May 2012
I've never tried gunpowder green tea before ordering this one, and I must say that I really enjoy it. You can smell the smoky notes while the tea is brewing and when you take a sip, those are definitely still there, but you can also tell that you're drinking a green tea (the smoky flavor doesn't completely overpower the taste). I enjoy that balance; it makes the tea very drinkable and I would definitely order this tea again.
Nutty and intense yet soothing flavors...
Posted by Lukasz on 6th Dec 2011
I purposely waited 9+ months to review this tea in order to provide a true assessment of it.  I ordered this tea in bulk and stored it inside the large air tight metal containers sold here.
If you like intense green tea flavors, this tea is a good choice for you.  The aroma is nutty and rich and the flavor is complex.  As with all gunpowder green tea, a little goes a long way.  Multiple infusions allow the flavors to change and evolve.  Be sure to steep the first infusion accordingly (175 F for approximately 30-45 seconds).  Otherwise, you will be shocked by how bitter this tea can get.  I have accidently forgot about my steeping gunpowder tea for several minutes on a couple of occasions and the resulting tea was nearly undrinkable (very intense bitterness).
Great body
Posted by  Arthur Barton on 18th Apr 2010
My wife and I agree this is our favorite morning tea for those days when we want to keep the caffeine down (compared to Black tea).  The Gunpower # 2 is close  but this is better in our opinion.Smoky and also smooth.  A little goes a long way  it has a potent flavor  so actually a real bargain.We are at roughly our 10th reorder point (in bulk the past year or so)  so hope it is always in stock in the future.
Gunpowder #1
Posted by  Alan Babbitt on 26th Apr 2009
As usual  I brewed this tea Gongfu-style  using a small clay pot.  I used 7 grams (about 1 tablespoon of this tea) in 200ml of water.  As is typical for a green tea  the water should be below boiling  about 185 degrees.  First steeping was about 30 seconds.   The resulting brew was a very light straw color.  The aroma is clean and fresh  with almost a citrusy note.  The tea is very light in flavor with a medium to full body.  There is some vegetal character  but it is not unpleasantly grassy like some green teas.  This is smooth and delicate  with little bitterness or astringency.   The tea is made up of mostly very small whole leaves and tips  with very little breakage.  The second infusion was somewhat cloudy  but with little change in flavor.  Excellent tea.
#1 is number 1!
Posted by  Bill Edwards on 12th Nov 2007
This is the other end of the spectrum from Jing Mai.  One of the gunpowders will have a permanent place in my cupboard--so far it is this one.  Full flavor  will easily tolerate several brewings (new word?).  Some will not like this but everyone should try it.
We at Arbor Teas firmly believe that tea should be brewed to suit your personal taste. With that being said, here are some recommendations to get you started, but please remember you can make adjustments based on your own personal taste.
There are three main considerations when brewing tea: quantity of tea, water temperature and steeping time.
Quantity of tea: one scant teaspoon per 8 oz cup of water
Water temperature: use water that has been heated until bubbles begin to form on the bottom of the pot (180° F)
Steeping time: 2-3 minutes
Tip #1: Use fresh water whenever possible - water that has been sitting in your kettle overnight may impart a flat or stale taste to your tea.  Be careful not to boil your water for too long.  Over boiled water can sometimes impart an unwanted taste.
Tip #2: Keep in mind that brewing your tea for too long can extract undesirable bitterness from the leaves, so steeping time matters! For a stronger brew, don’t steep longer, just use more tea.
