Print this article
Some plants have different colored leaves like red or yellow, but most plants have green leaves in varying shades. Chlorophyll is a collection of molecules inside each green leaf that provides its color. There are other pigments in plants, too, like xanthophylls, which are yellow, and carotenoids, which are yellow, orange and red. Varying amounts of pigments in the plants create the different shades of green. Without the other pigments, every plant might be the same color.
Chlorophyll
Chlorophyll is a photoreceptor, which means it captures light. The function of chlorophyll is to absorb light from the sun and convert it into oxygen and water by the process of photosynthesis.
Role of Other Pigments
Chlorophyll works best when exposed to the red and blue spectrum of colors in the sunlight. That's why there must be other pigments--to absorb and convert other colors of the light spectrum. The other pigments feed the energy they absorb to the chlorophyll to be converted. Chlorophyll doesn't work at all in green light, and that's why plants appear to be green, because the plant leaves absorb the other colors and reflect green light back to our eyes. What we think of as color is really part of the reflected rainbow of light spectrum.
Why Some Plants Are Not Green
Some plants that live in areas where bright red and blue light can't reach rely on longer waves of light. Examples are the begonia, which grows naturally in deeply forested areas and has red leaves with a green edge, and seaweeds that grow in the deep water of the ocean. These plants rely more on the other pigments to gather other light spectrum colors and feed the energy to the chlorophyll.
Fall Colors and Evergreens
Chloroplasts in leaves are the cells that contain chlorophyll. When their life cycles are over, the plant either allows the whole leaf to die and rebuilds new leaves later in the spring or the plant keeps replenishing each cell in the leaf so most of them don't ever die. Fall colors are caused by dying cells in the leaves, and the different colors are caused by cells dying at different rates, even on the same tree. If all the cells died at exactly the same time, we would not see the beautiful variegation of color in the fall leaves.
Hardy evergreens continually replenish each cell so the tree always has green needles, a special kind of leaf that can withstand weak light and cold temperatures.
Related Searches:
