Uses for Green Tea Leaves
Sep  2, 2010 | By Tom Stewart
Photo Credit tea image by Antonio Oquias from  Fotolia.com
Sipping a cup of green tea is pleasurable and we all know it has many health benefits. But you can use green tea leaves for many other reasons besides drinking tea. It can be applied to the skin or the eyes. You can use it for fresh breath or even as an additive to other foods. It's a healthy fact that green tea is not just for sipping.
Skin
Green tea leaves have many uses on your skin. By steeping the green leaves in boiling water for 20 minutes, draining the water and refrigerating it, you can use the liquid to help soothe or alleviate many skin conditions. It can be applied to minor scrapes and cuts with a soft cotton ball. You can soak your tired feet in a foot bath with the liquid. It will not only refresh your feet but it will help with foot fungus too. You could even put the liquid into a spray bottle and use it as a refreshing body spray after a shower.
Mouth
Green tea is great for cleaning your mouth as well. Boil some green tea leaves in water for 20 minutes, drain the water, and let it cool to room temperature. Put the water into a bottle and use it as mouthwash for fresh breath and cleaner teeth. Mix some dry, green tea leaves with baking soda for a homemade, great tasting toothpaste.
Eyes
Green tea is great for soothing tired or irritated eyes. Steep some green tea leaves in water for about 20 minutes, drain the water, and allow it to cool. Soak some cotton pads in the water, squeeze out the excess water, and place over the eyes for relaxation and refreshment. If you have green tea in tea bags, you can save them and use those on your eyes as well. Just make sure they have had time to cool from the hot tea. Both methods are also great for relieving puffy eyes and dark circles.
Food
Green tea leaves can be used as more than just a healthy cup of tea. Grind some tea leaves into a powder, or buy it in powder form at a local health store, and add it to things like homemade ice creams, smoothies and shakes.
References
