The painted canvas is 20 Inches wide and 24 Inches tall.
Orientation: Vertical
Title: Nude, Green Leaves and Bust
Artist: Pablo Picasso
Other paintings by artist: Pablo Picasso
20" X 24" Oil Painting On Canvas
Hand painted oil reproduction of a famous Picasso painting, Nude, Green Leaves and Bust, featuring his mistress Marie-Therese Walter. The original was painted 1932. The painting was in the personal collection of Los Angeles art collectors Sidney and Frances Brody for nearly six decades. It sold at auction, to an anonymous buyer, for a world record price of US$106.5 million. Today it has been carefully recreated detail-by-detail, color-by-color to near perfection in order to preserve the sentiment and splendor of the original.
Picasso was recognized by his father as a child prodigy by the age of 14. Pablo Picasso pioneered the modern art movement called Cubism and is widely acknowledged as the most important artist of the 20th century. This work of art has the same emotions and beauty as the original. Why not grace your home with this reproduced masterpiece? It is sure to bring many admirers!
100% hand painted oil painting on artist grade canvas.
Painting comes with a Certificate of Authenticity .
Remarkable selection of museum-quality frames to complement this painting.
When ordering a frame with your painting it will arrive ready to hang on your wall with hanging hardware included.
45-day Easy Returns Policy. Enjoy Free Shipping.
Overall Rating for Nude, Green Leaves and Bust
(no reviews)
Be the first to rate and review this painting
Availability:In Stock and Ready to Ship!
Usually ships same day
Shipping is Free!
Yes shipping is FREE. overstockArt.com will ship your order free as long as you choose ground as your shipping option. There are no minimums to buy. overstockArt.com ships via FedEx Ground or Home delivery.
Free Return Shipping!
Shipping Returns is FREE. There are no return shipping charges for orders originally shipped to a destination within the Continental United States. Please note return shipments must also be shipped from the United States.
Worldwide Shipping!
Yes we do ship worldwide. For shipping outside of the US, just choose International Shipping during checkout. International shipping costs vary according to your shipping address and you will be quoted after your have placed your order.
Canada Shipping!
We have a specific shipping option to Canada. For shipping to Canada, just choose Canada Shipping during checkout. A representative will contact you after your order is complete and let you know of any additional costs.
Easy Returns Policy
If for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return your oil paintings free of charge for a period of 45 days from the original purchase date -- we'll even pay for the return shipping. All we ask is that you send the painting and frame back to us in the original box.
*Disclaimer
Our FREE shipping policy is only in the contiguous 48 states. All orders are guaranteed to ship within 48 hours unless product is back ordered. Most orders ship same day as long as they are placed prior to 2:00pm CST.
Credit Cards Accepted:
