Conifer leaves are typically needle-, awl-, or scale-shaped
Angiosperm (flowering plant) leaves: the standard form includes stipules, a petiole, and a lamina
Sheath leaves (type found in most grasses )
Other specialized leaves (such as those of Nepenthes )
[ change ] Arrangement on the stem
Different terms are usually used to describe leaf placement ( phyllotaxis ):
The leaves on this plant are arranged in pairs opposite one another, with successive pairs at right angles to each other ("decussate") along the red stem. Note the developing buds in the axils of these leaves.
Alternate — succeessive leaves in alternate direction along the stem.
Opposite — Two structures, one on each opposite side of the stem, typically leaves, branches, or flower parts.
Whorled — three or more leaves attach at each point or node on the stem.
Leaves form a helix pattern centered around the stem, with (depending upon the species) the same angle of divergence. There is a regularity in these angles and they follow the numbers in a Fibonacci sequence . This tends to give the best chance for the leaves to catch light.
[ change ] Divisions of the blade
A leaf with laminar structure and pinnate venation
Two basic forms of leaves can be described considering the way the blade (lamina) is divided.
A simple leaf has an undivided blade. However, the leaf shape may be formed of lobes, but the gaps between lobes do not reach to the main vein.
A compound leaf has a fully subdivided blade, each leaflet of the blade separated along a main or secondary vein. Because each leaflet can appear to be a simple leaf, it is important to recognize where the petiole occurs to identify a compound leaf. Compound leaves are a characteristic of some families of higher plants, such as the Fabaceae . The middle vein of a compound leaf or a frond, when it is present, is called a rachis .
[ change ] Petioles
The overgrown petioles of Rhubarb (Rheum rhabarbarum) are edible.
Some leaves have a petiole (leaf stem). Sessile leaves do not: the blade attaches directly to the stem. Sometimes the leaf blad surrounds the stem, giving the impression that the shoot grows through the leaf.
In some Acacia species, such as the Koa Tree ( Acacia koa ), the petioles are expanded or broadened and function like leaf blades; these are called phyllodes . There may or may not be normal pinnate leaves at the tip of the phyllode.
[ change ] Stipules
A stipule , present on the leaves of many dicotyledons , is an appendage on each side at the base of the petiole resembling a small leaf. Stipules may be shed or not shed.
Branching veins on underside of taro leaf
The lower epidermis of Tilia × europaea
There are two subtypes of venation:
the major veins stretch up to the margin of the leaf, and
when major veins extend close to the margin, but bend before they intersect with the margin.
[ change ] Leaf adaptations
Poinsettia bracts are leaves which have evolved red pigmentation in order to attract insects and birds to the central flowers, an adaptive function normally served by petals (which are themselves leaves highly modified by evolution).
In the course of evolution , many species have leaves which are adapted to other functions.
Thorns help protect the plant from being eaten.
Vines help the plant to attach to surfaces, and to climb trees.
Some leaves are used to store energy in bulbs. An example is the onion .
Many succulents store water in some of their leaves.
Some plants (called epiphytes ) grow on other plants. They do not have roots in the ground. Their capture rainwater .
Carnivorous plants use adapted leaves to capture their prey .
Sliced leaves reduce wind resistance.
Hairs on the leaf surface trap humidity in dry climates.
Waxy leaf surfaces reduce water loss.
Large surface area provides area for sunlight and shade for plant to minimize heating and reduce water loss.
In more or less opaque or buried in the soil leaves, translucent windows let the light in.
Succulent leaves store water and organic acids.
