Leaves - Biology Encyclopedia - cells, plant, body, process, different, organs, specific, structure, water
Powered by         JRank
Biology » La-Ma » Leaves - Biology Encyclopedia
Leaves
Photo by: nadi555
Leaves are plant organs primarily adapted for photosynthesis, although       many species have modified leaves that serve a variety of functions       besides photosynthesis. Imagine walking through a forest on a summer day       surrounded by the green leaves attached to the branches of trees, shrubs,       and herbs. The grain in a nearby farmer's field is a sea of narrow       green grass leaves, and the pond behind his barn has green water lily       leaves floating on the surface and the green leaves of cattails protruding       from the water.
At first glance one might come to the erroneous conclusions that all       leaves are green, and that which is green in nature is a leaf. While often       this is the case, there are numerous exceptions. Plant organs are green       because of the presence of chloroplasts in the cells near the surface,       which reflect green light and absorb other wavelengths as a source of       energy for photosynthesis. Certain cells in many leaves contain these organelles , but chloroplasts are also found elsewhere in other organs, such as the       stems of cacti of the desert and twigs of sassafras trees in the deciduous       forest. In addition, flowers such as the head of broccoli, and fruits such       as watermelons also contain chloroplasts.
Conversely, many leaves are not green. The winter holiday season brings       potted poinsettia plants into many homes. The bright red or pink organs on       these plants are not the flowers; they are specialized leaves called       bracts, with cells that contain so much pigment that the limited amount of       chlorophyll in the chloroplasts is obscured from view. Some poinsettias       are white; usually a close look reveals that they have a green tinge due       to the presence of a few chloroplasts. Poinsettias do, however, produce       flowers. They are         less conspicuous small, round yellow and green organs nestled at the apex       of the stem, surrounded by the colorful modified leaves.
Similarly colored pigments are present in virtually all leaves, but there       is often an abundance of chlorophyll, which predominates during the summer       months. However, the green chlorophyll pigment often degenerates as summer       transitions to fall, yielding leaves with vibrant red, yellow, brown, and       orange pigments that were hidden during much of the growing season.
Leaf Anatomy
What defines a leaf? An organ is a leaf, and not some other organ, if       there is a lateral bud in the angle above where the leaf stalk attaches to the stem (called       the axil of the leaf). Under the proper circumstances, lateral buds can       grow into a branch, a shoot with flowers, or a modified branch such as a       thorn. Most true leaves in vascular plants are attached by petioles (leaf       stalks) to stems at specific locations, called nodes. In many plants, near       the base of the petiole there is a layer called the abscission zone, which has cells that degenerate during senescence, the aging of the       leaf, and ultimately form the weakest point. This allows the leaf to drop       from the tree in autumn in deciduous forests. If only one leaf is attached       at each node, the plant has an alternate leaf arrangement; if the leaves       occur in pairs at the node, the arrangement is opposite; and more than two       leaves can even be attached in a whorl similar to the ribs of an umbrella.
Typical leaves are flat, multicellular organs with a single layer of cells       on both the upper and lower surface forming the epidermis, a sheet of       cells without chloroplasts. Scattered throughout the epidermis (primarily       the lower epidermis) are pairs of specialized cells with chloroplasts       called guard cells . A pore, the stoma, lies between these cells, and allows gases to pass       into and out of the leaf. This includes the carbon dioxide needed for       photosynthesis, the oxygen it produces in the light-dependent reactions,       and escaping water vapor resulting from transpiration. The outermost side       of the epidermis is generally coated with the cuticle, a waxy layer       produced by the underlying cells. This layer is impervious to water and       restricts or prevents evaporation from tissues within the leaf except       through the stomata , the structure formed by the guard cells. When the guard cells swell, the       stomate closes, and this prevents the leaf from drying out.
Between these protective epidermal layers, the leaf is filled with       thin-walled parenchyma cells containing chloroplasts. Photosynthesis       occurs within these cells, and evolution has produced modifications to aid       this process. For instance, the cells in the layer just beneath the upper       epidermis (closest to the incoming sunlight) are lined up like the logs       driven into the ground to construct the stockade of a frontier fort. The       cells in this palisade parenchyma are extremely efficient in capturing       light, thereby enhancing photosynthesis.
Parenchyma cells below the palisade layer form the spongy mesophyll, so       called because they are often loosely packed allowing for air circulation       between them. A network of veins is found within this layer, composed of       both xylem to conduct water in the transpiration stream, and phloem to transport water containing sugar produced by photosynthesis in the       leaves to other parts of the plant (translocation). Larger veins can be       seen in thin leaves when they are held in front of a light, with many       small veins nested         between them. Finally, a major vein, the midrib, often runs from the tip       of the blade to where it joins the petiole. However, some species have       more than one major vein, resulting in a fan-shaped (palmate) pattern of       venation.
Modifications
The shapes, sizes, and fine details of leaves are highly variable, and       many leaves do not fit this typical pattern. Evolutionary selection       pressures favor modifications that result in the leaves being adapted to       many different environments. Leaves of plants living in dry habitats have       a number of adaptations to reduce water loss. Stomates may be sunken into       the leaf tissue within a moist depression or chamber, causing a reduction       in the rate of evaporation; fine hairs may protrude from the epidermal       cells, giving the leaf a "white" appearance that reflects       sunlight and helps cool the leaf; or the cuticle may be very thick to       prevent virtually all water loss. Leaves on aquatic plants have big       intercellular air spaces that facilitate flotation, and the stomates are       generally on the upper surface of the leaves allowing gas exchange with       the air. Even leaves on the same plant can differ, with those exposed to       bright sunlight being thicker and smaller while those in the shade being       larger and thinner. Finally, many leaves take different shapes and may       have special functions, such as the flasklike structure that captures       insects on a pitcher plant; the tendrils of climbing pea plants; the       spines on a cactus; the needles on a pine; or the expanded leaf petiole       forming a stalk of celery.
Many leaves, like the spines of this cactus, take different shapes           and may have special functions.
SEE ALSO
Dean Cocking
Bibliography
De Graff, K. M., S. R. Rushforth, and J. L. Cawley. A Photographic Atlas for the Botany Laboratory, 3rd ed. Englewood, CO: Morton Publishing Company, 1998.
Perry, J. W., and D. Morton. Photo Atlas for Botany. Belmont, CA: Wadsworth Publishing Company, 1998.
Raven, Peter H., Ray F. Evert, and Susan E. Eichhorn. Biology of Plants, 6th ed. New York: W. H. Freeman and Company, 1999.
User Contributions:
Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:
Name:
