Change Colors in the Fall?
First of all,     let's understand why most leaves are green during the summer.
We know that the main     function of most kinds of leaves is to convert sunlight energy into carbohydrate, which     the plant uses in various ways. Elsewhere we've seen that this magical chemical process is     known as photosynthesis .
In the cells of green leaves, photosynthesis takes place in molecules of a substance     known as chlorophyll. Sunlight strikes the chlorophyll, then     photosynthesis takes place.
Sunlight is made up of many colors. When sunlight falls onto a glass prism, the prism     breaks the light into its rainbow of colors.
It happens that chlorophyll doesn't use all of sunlight's rainbow of colors. It absorbs     only the red and blue part of the spectrum, so the light that's left -- the light that     reflects back to our eyes -- is
green
Green leaves are green because chlorophyll absorbs all of sunlight's rainbow of colors     except the green part, which is reflected.
You know that too much sunlight can damage your skin, fade colors in clothing and cause     other problems. Therefore it shouldn't be surprising to find out that sunlight also causes     chlorophyll molecules to break down. In fact, during the summer, green plants must     continually create new chlorophyll to replace what has been destroyed. This creation, or     synthesis, of chlorophyll requires not only sunlight but also warm temperatures. For this     reason you can see why fall's cooler weather encourages our trees' leaves to begin showing     colors other than green.
But, where do those other colors come from?
There's another substance in many leaves known as carotene. Carotene     is a kind of "chlorophyll helper." That's because carotene absorbs sunlight     energy like chlorophyll, but instead of keeping that energy and conducting photosynthesis     with it, it passes its energy on to chlorophyll which then uses that energy to perform     photosynthesis. Carotene is known technically as an "accessory absorber." Carotene holds up much better under sunlight than chlorophyll, so often in the fall when     chlorophyll disappears from leaves,  carotene is left behind. Since carotene absorbs     blue-green and blue light in sunlight, the light it reflects back to our eyes from leaves     in which the chlorophyll has disappeared is
yellow
Chlorophyll and carotene are both known as pigments.     The dictionary says that in biology pigments are simply various kinds of "coloring     matters" occurring in animals and plants, so the concept of "pigment" isn't     a very technical one. In regular life you sometimes hear of "mixing pigments" in     paint to create different colors.
Besides chlorophyll and carotene, there's yet another pigment, or class of pigments,     occurring in many leaves, called anthocyanins. However, these pigments     are not important because they capture sunlight energy. Anthocyanins are formed     when sugars and certain proteins interact in the juice inside plant cells. Despite     anthocyanins playing no part in photosynthesis, they are themselves not formed unless     sunlight is present. Since anthocyanins absorb blue, blue-green, and green light, the     color they reflect to our eyes is
red
Actually, it's a bit more complex than anthocyanins simply being red.     The color produced by anthocyanins is sensitive to the pH, or degree of acidity, of the     juice inside the plant cells -- the cell sap -- in which they find themselves. If the sap     is very acidic, anthocyanin imparts a bright red color; if the sap is less acidic, its     color is more purple.
There's a big debate going on right now about why leaves have anthocyanins and     therefore turn red and purple in the fall. New research suggests that anthocyanins act as     a sort of sun screen for leaves as they are preparing to be discarded onto the     forest floor. The sun-screen protection shields delicate chemical reactions in the leaves     enabling the tree to reabsorb nutrients from the leaves before the leaves are dropped. The     tree doesn't "want" to throw away any more valuable nutrients than it has to.     But another theory suggests that red pigments somehow protect a plant's water supply,     since anthocyanins are water-soluble and as such change the freezing point and other     qualities of water inside the leaves. Yet another theory says that red pigments either     attract or repel animals. And on top of all this is the fact that many tropical plants in     lands where fall doesn't exist also often possess anthocyanins and turn red. Well, the mystery     of red leaves is just one of jillions of such mysteries in nature we haven't figured     out yet.
You may be interested in joining The Foliage Network , which keeps a close watch     on fall leaf colors in part of the US. Foliage watchers are sought in these states: Maine,     New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Jersey,     Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia, West Virginia, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, or     Minnesota. If you decide to join, you will be asked to submit a report twice a week during     September, October, and November.
