Why Are Leaves Green?
A Tree Miscellany
When   should I prune my trees? Why do leaves change colour? Which is the world's   oldest tree? Does ivy kill trees? These are just some of the many questions that   the people of this country regularly ask Britain's Tree Wardens.
Why are leaves   green? (The Tree   Council £9.99) is a colourful guide to everything you ever wanted to know   about trees. The inspiration for the book came from two groups of Tree Wardens – in South Somerset and West Sussex – who are part of The Tree Council’s Tree   Warden Scheme. They were keen to have answers to some of the questions about   trees that they were frequently being asked. The Tree Council decided to help,   and invited all its 7500 voluntary Tree Wardens across the UK to send in the   most popular questions. These have been answered by The Tree Council's Jon Stokes and John White. This unique   initiative has resulted in a handy guide which will prove invaluable for anyone   interested in trees – not only Tree Wardens but also their local communities,   schools and the general public.
The Tree Council is the lead UK tree campaigning partnership, promoting the planting and conservation of trees in town and countryside. It works with its 140 member organisations for effective action for trees, to make trees matter to everyone, for more trees of the right kind and in the right places, and for better care for all trees. It has produced this book in support of its Tree Warden Scheme, a UK-wide volunteering initiative which it co-ordinates nationally in partnership with National Grid and the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Subjects covered in the book include:
Tree   Biology - What is a   tree? Tree Types, Wood, Leaves, Flowers, Fruit and Seed, Trees and Water, Roots,   Bark, Fossil Trees
Facts   and Figures - World   Record Breakers, British Record Breakers, Trees and Woodlands, Hedges in   Britain, Native, Naturalised & Introduced, Tree Management
Trees   in the Environment - Colonization of Trees, Trees and   Wildlife, Tree Pests, Ageing a Tree, Apple Trees, Trees and Weather, Tree   Planting, Tree Diseases, Tree Care, Tree Preservation Orders, Tree People,   Celebrating Trees, Curiosities, Ancient Trees
About the Authors:
Jon Stokes is Director of Rural Programmes   for The Tree Council which founded the national Tree Warden Scheme in 1990.  An   environmental charity, The Tree Council is the umbrella body for UK   organisations working together for trees – planting, caring and enjoying. John White is former Forestry Commission Research Dendrologist and   curator of the Westonbirt Arboretum.
Why Are Leaves Green? is available at Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.com
