We also have several CAL AQUA 17mm Inline Diffusers . Limited Quantities available.
April 22, 2011 - Now Accepting Pre-Orders* on CAL AQUA LABS products
We have all been waiting anxiously, and it is finally almost here...CAL AQUA LABS handcrafted glassware! A shipment of CAL AQUA LABS Drop Checkers , Inline CO2 Diffusers , and Fluxus System Filter Pipes is due to arrive soon!
We are currently accepting pre-orders on CAL AQUA fluxus pipes and systems , the inline CO2 diffusers , and the CAL AQUA "Oracle" , "Double Check" , "Nano" , the brand NEW "CLIP" CO2 Checkers. Limited quantities available so reserve yours while supplies last. We will keep you updated on the arrival of this order and will ship all pre-orders as soon as the shipment arrives.
*All orders containing pre-order items will be held and shipped to you, in full, on or soon after May 15, 2011.
February 15, 2011 - No More Planaria!? And other Shrimp Supplements
Get rid of Planaria and keep them away with No-Planaria....safe and biodegradable Planaria control in 72 hrs. Made from Betel nut palm extract, this worm disinfectant won''t harm shrimp, fish and plants. We use it on our tanks and love its benefits!
Also check out our newest Biomax Shrimp Food series , formulated for varied life stages. Daily feed for Ornamental shrimp with lots of benefits. Plus we have new White Pellet premium calcium and mineral supplement for Crystal Red Shrimp.
January 6, 2011 - Super Clear Aquarium Glass! ... and Awesome Aquarium Cabinets to fit
Our 30-C Rimless Aquarium now features super clear glass. It is reinvented with extremely low iron content for a crystal clear appearance. The presence of iron in the glass normally creates a faint greenish hue, which is not present in this low-iron tank. The lack of iron gives a higher visibility in the glass, making it have white, crystal clear edges and higher clarity panels.
We are also excited to release our new line of aquarium cabinets , the perfect fit for your rimless tank. Made of hardwood elm, these cabinets are sanded smooth and ready for your choice of stain to fit your style. The Modern, clean appearance compliments our rimless tanks, creating the perfect combination for your planted tank setup.
Check out our complete rimless aquarium series from 7.5 to 48 gallons. Complete the setup with one of our modern Elm aquarium cabinets to match.
December 15, 2010 - New - Atomic CO2 Diffusers!
Featuring the world's finest and highest CO2 diffusion rate, our in-tank and in-line Atomic CO2 diffusers create supreme diffusion of CO2 in aquarium water. Creates a super fine mist of CO2 bubbles. With a bubble size of less than 0.1mm in diameter, the CO2 diffused is capable of 100% dissolution in the aquarium water.
Check out our complete range of sizes for both in-tank and in-line atomic CO2 diffusers . Find the perfect size and style for your tank, and enjoy the benefits of superior CO2 diffusion.
December 7, 2010 - Manzanita Driftwood!
We just added a masterpiece selection of Manzanita driftwood . Unique, hand-selected pieces of driftwood from the high Sierra mountains, for use as beautiful aquascaping pieces.
Purchase your favorite piece while it is still available. Each piece is unique!
November 21, 2010 - AZOO Crystal Red Shrimp Food Series - Just ARRIVED!
The AZOO MAX Series just arrived, offering well balanced nutrition for Crystal Red Shrimp and small ornamental shrimps, specifically formulated to enhance body color, and to promote breeding and growth, respectively. The AZOO Max Breed is specifically formulated for the promotion of egg laying, offering well balanced nutrition for juvenile and adult shrimp.
AZOO Max Growth - for the promotion of shrimp growth, enhancement of body color and shedding stimulation for growth.
AZOO Max Bio Ball - contains beneficial bacteria and enzymes to effectively break down ammonia, nitrite and nitrate in the substrate and water, promoting improved tank conditions for shrimp.
November 11, 2010 - New Dry Ferts!
Miller Microplex and Manganese Sulfate (MNSO4) are now available for purchase. Miller Microplex is just $10.00 per 1/2 lb.
November 1, 2010 - Rimless Tanks On Sale!
Don't miss out on our lowest rimless tank prices ever! All tanks are 25% off , while supplies last.
Also, our largest 48 gallon, 91-L , tank now ships for a flat rate of $150.00 to anywhere in the continental U.S. ...this means no more waiting for shipping quotes, just add it to your cart and that's it!
October 15, 2010 - New Shrimp Shelters and More!
For your inverts, we now offer a variety of kiln cured, ceramic spawning shelters , bamboo-style, plus a selection of caves for your shrimp, Pleco, Cichlids, livebearers, and more.
Also, check out our newest selection of glass CO2 diffusers , perfect for nano aquariums and aquariums up to 30 gallons. These diffusers feature a high-quality ceramic disc for optimal CO2 diffusion.
Plus we have lots of our awesome rimless aquariums back in stock, including the popular 33 gallon Green Leaf Rimless Aquarium 63-S , while supplies last.
July 2, 2010 - New Nano CO2 Set
Check out our newest complete CO2 set, perfect for nano aquariuims. The WaterPlant CO2 System - Premium , includes a precision micro CO2 regulator, disposable CO2 cartridge, stand, acrylic 2-in-1 bubble counter with check valve, tubing, and ceramic CO2 diffuser. Use it with disposable replacement CO2 cartridges .
Also, check out our selection of Cultivation Ceramics , with four styles and a complete cultivation set to chose from. The cultivation ceramic save you time and effort when planting moss in the aquarium. Quickly place the moss between the mesh screen and ceramic plate.
Plus we have added lots of new affordable WaterPlant CO2 diffusers , bubble counters , and a CO2 indicator for your planted tank. The WaterPlant aquarium supplies feature ease of use, long-lasting function, and simple cleaning.
June 1, 2010 - The largest Diffuser of its kind, Maybe even the largest diffuser ever!
The Spiro 9900 CO2 diffuser measures 8 inches in length. It is made of handcrafted glass, with a 2" ceramic diffusion plate, designed with an internal spiral, which functions as a built in bubble counter. This diffuser is recommended for aquariums from 50 to 100 gallons.
Photos and video of this diffuser will be released soon. Please check back for updates.
May 15, 2010 - Elos Aqua Test Kits - Now Available
We now offer precise Elos pH, kH, and GH test kits , made specifically for freshwater aquariums. Each kit offers more than 50+ test per kit, is batch validated using NSIT samples, and features "safe reagents".
No more guessing, make sure you know your water parameters. Shop our selection of Elos Aqua Test Kits : pH, kH - Alkalinity, and GH - General Hardness.
April 16, 2010 - New Pierce CO2 System
Check out our latest addition to our CO2 systems, the ierce CO2 System from UP Aqua. This CO2 system is perfect for nano planted aquariums, and includes a micro CO2 regulator, disposable CO2 cartridge with stand, bubble counter, check valve, and CO2 diffuser.
We have also stocked the 3-pack replacement cartridge sets , so that you can always have CO2 ready-to-go.
March 5, 2010 - CAL AQUA Glassware Has Arrived
We have the CAL AQUA "Oracle" and "Double Check" CO2 Drop Checkers back in stock. Limited quantities available.
Also check out our selection of CAL AQUA LABS 13 and 17mm Influx and Efflux glass filter pipes , now back in stock.
March 2, 2010 - Updates on CAL AQUA LABS products
A new shipment of CAL AQUA LABS drop checkers is due to arrive soon! We will have the "Oracle" and newly revised "Double Check" drop checker in stock and available for purchase at a limited quantity. We will keep you updated on the arrival of this order and will post these products available for sale as soon as they arrive. Keep checking back for updates!
March 1, 2010 - New BorneoWild Aquascaping Tools
We have increased our selection of BorneoWild aquascaping and aquarium maintenance tools. The BorneoWild aquascaping tools are designed especially for the set up and maintenance of your planted aquarium. Perfect for planting and trimming of aquatic plants of various sizes, varieties, and aquascapes, in both large and small aquariums. Our complete selection of BorneoWild tools are made of high-quality, surgical grade stainless steel. These tools are beautifully and carefully crafted to be a professional, long-lasting aquarium tool.
Check out our selection of BorneoWild , including the new Wave Cutter, Spring Cutters, Razor / Algae Scraper, Substrate Flattener, and Scissors and Pincettes of all shapes and sizes.
February 1, 2010 - Our Custom CO2 Regulators just got even better!
Our CO2 Regulators are our pride and joy. That's exactly why we work hard everyday to ensure that our custom regulators are the best they can be, high-performance, durable, and one-of-a-kind. We hand build our custom CO2 Regulators per order, and perform careful pressure and leak tests in our facility before shipment to our customers.
Based on several years of observation and experience, we have recently committed to making our regulators even better by outfitting them with a world class custom GLA solenoid.  Our custom solenoids feature very high quality design and construction to achieve excellence in control, durability, and reliability.
We feel confident that our custom solenoid helps make our CO2 regulators and complete CO2 systems rise above the competition. See the difference for yourself in our blog article , where we compare our previous Clippard solenoid with our newest custom GLA solenoid.
If you want a custom regulator that will enhance the appearance of your aquarium system, be extremely reliable, and forever dependable, then check out our improved CO2 Regulators today. All of our CO2 Regulators include a 2 year warranty, and we are always here to help you with installation and setup of your regulator and aquarium systems if you need our assistance.
December 21, 2009 - CAL AQUA Drop Checkers and Filter Pipes - In Stock
We have all three CAL AQUA LABS CO2 Drop Checkers back in stock, just in time to start the new year. If you have been waiting patiently for these products, now is the time to purchase, while supplies last.
Also shop our complete selection of CAL AQUA LABS 13 and 17mm Influx and Efflux glass filter pipes , now back in stock. Limited quantities available, so don't delay.
November 3, 2009 - Introducing Natural AZOO Plant Substrate
Return to a sustainable and natural aquascape with this advanced substrate made of natural material from the earth. The AZOO natural substrate is the ultimate plant bed, providing a long-lasting, nutrient-rich, bacteria-active foundation for plants to grow and thrive.
The substrate is packed with many benefits for the planted aquarium, including: nutrient-rich, decreases water hardness, decreases and stabilizes pH to ideal plant level, removes water discoloration, promotes water circulation, purification and bacteria growth, allows for less frequent water changes, and creates no ammonia spikes upon introduction.
The substrate is available in two color varieties, natural and dark . Check out further details of the AZOO Plant Grower Bed - Natural and Dark substrates.
November 3, 2009 - Everything Nano
We realize that nano aquariums deserve a category of their own, that is why we recently added a new nano section to our store. This section includes everything you may need for your nano aquarium, including the CAL AQUA Fluxus System - Nano , the Green Leaf Drop Checker - Nano, a selection of nano CO2 Diffusers, and a Paintball CO2 Regulator .
Also, if you are just beginning your nano setup, be sure to check out our new Nano aquarium , the Green Leaf Rimless Aquarium 48-L. It is an eleven gallon rimless aquarium with superior glass clarity and fine silicone work.
October 23, 2009 - Brand New Photo Gallery
We decided that it was the perfect time to give our gallery of planted tanks a makeover. We implemented a beautiful new flash gallery to display all of the tanks in a manner they deserve. The gallery consists of an outstanding collection of planted tank photos from friends and gla customers around the world.
It is always a pleasure to add fresh tank pictures to the collection, so if you have a planted tank that you would like to share and show off, send us an email. Your hard work and beatiful aquascaping is inspirational to every planted aquarium hobbyist, and its lots of fun to gain new insight and ideas.
September 28, 2009 - New Rimless Aquariums !!!
Designed with simplicity, clarity, and strength, the new Green Leaf Rimless Aquariums feature high clarity glass with 5 to 10 mm thick glass panel foundations for increased strength. These aquariums are available in some of the most standard and desired dimensions, making them a perfect fit for most aquarium stands available on the market.
The rimless aquariums are manufactured with a specially formulated German-made silicone that bonds glass together with extreme strength, clarity, and a seamless appearance. Check out all of the various sizes and volume capacities, from 11 to 48 gallons, and beautiful rimless construction.
Also, stay tuned for more unique tanks soon to be available.
August 5, 2009 - visit our newest selection of borneowild aquascaping tools
We are pleased to introduce our newest selection of aquascaping tools, BorneoWild .  BorneoWild tools are some of the highest quality on the market today, built of surgical grade stainless steel. They are designed with extreme precision and power, and are built to last. The aquascaping tools are designed especially for the setting up of and maintenance of a planted aquarium, used for both planting and trimming of aquatic plants of various sizes and large and small aquariums. Check out our complete selection of BorneoWild tools , including: cutters, sand flatteners, and pincettes.
July 9, 2009 - All CAL AQUA LABS glassware is now In Stock!
Our CAL AQUA glassware has arrived and is currently in stock. All pre-orders will ship out on Friday July 10, 2009.
We have the "Double Check" drop checker , the "Oracle" drop checker , and the 13mm / Nano Fluxus System filter pipes back in stock.
We are excited to introduce the brand new CAL AQUA "Nano" drop checker , designed for use in nano aquariums. We have been anticipating its arrival, and are excited to announce that it has exceeded our expectations! It is small, beautiful, and well designed.
July 1, 2009 - Updates on CAL AQUA LABS Products!
We anticipate the arrival of our CAL AQUA glassware to be on Wednesday July 15, 2009. All CAL AQUA items will be in stock and available for sale at that time, or shortly after.
Out of stock CAL AQUA items are currently available for pre-order, while supplies last. All orders placed containing pre-order items will be held for shipment until complete and will be shipped to you on or soon after July 15, 2009.
Also, check out the brand new CAL AQUA "Nano" drop checker . It is designed for use in nano aquariums 1 to 15 gallons.
June 20, 2009 - Check out our new custom built CO2 Manifolds!
Like us here at GLA, you may find that the number of aquariums in your home or office is ever-increasing. It's interesting how our aquariums become such a huge part of our lives, as our knowledge and interest in the hobby expands. We are always finding inspiration and seeking adventure in new planted aquarium setups. This can be expensive, however, when you realize the need to supply CO2 to multiple tanks.
We know that CO2 regulators can be an expensive investment, this is why we have designed and built our custom GLA manifolds .  With these manifolds, you can use a single CO2 regulator to supply CO2 to multiple planted aquariums. The manifolds are easily installed on the solenoid of your CO2 regulator. You can use the Dual Manifold to supply CO2 to two aquariums, and the Triple Manifold to supply CO2 to up to three aquariums.
Our custom CO2 manifolds are designed with Fabco needle valves for increased precision, and built in Clippard check valves for added protection.  The manifolds are designed for use with our glass inline bubble counters .
June 1, 2009 - Brand New custom CO2 Regulators - The Best on the Market!
Our new GLA and Ultimate CO2 Regulators are designed to be the best custom CO2 pressure regulators available to planted tank hobbyists. They are built to be extremely dependable, accurate, and durable. We have definitely outdone ourselves with these regulators and are excited to finally be able to offer them to our customers.
These custom regulators feature an industrial grade Smith regulator body, unique Sure-Seat technology with a copper-nickel filter to block debris from entering the high pressure seat, a durable, reinforced Neoprene diaphragm, polycarbonate shatter resistant gauge lenses, and a high quality corrosive-resistant body. Overall, these regulators are built to last, to be extremely accurate, and to function seamlessly for many years.
Don't know what all of this means? Well, take our word for it, all-in-all, this regulator is awesome, the best custom regulator available on the market.
Check it out! It is available with or without the option of a built in bubble counter, so you can opt to use it with one of our glass inline bubble counters .
May 12, 2009 - We Have FERKA Products & We Know They Work!
We have added a selection of FERKA supplements to our product selection. We are excited about these, because we have used them with our own tanks and know that they work well to promote overall plant health, healthy leaves, stronger stems, and enhanced maturation. We recently used the FERKA Aquabase on our newest planted tank setup, which was chosen as tank of the month on Aquatic Plant Central. We were able to grow a thriving planted aquarium using decorative, nutritionally void substrate with the addition of FERKA Aquabase alone. Check out our tank setup on APC Forum.
May 12, 2009 - We Have a New Look!
We have given our website a fun makeover. We hope that it will inspire your planted aquariums to grow even greener. As always, we are here to help you in your planted tank endeavors, whether you are a newbie, an intermediate, or an expert, there is always something new to learn. Give us a call or send us an email if you need our assistance for anything and our knowledge can grow together.
Also we have posted snippets of some of our customers' testimonials. If you would like to share anything with us or our customers, please let us know.
Check out our monthly special! We are going to post a new special every month so keep checking back.
February 10, 2009 - Join the  Community at our Brand New Forum - Aquatic Plant Enthusiasts.com
Become a member of our brand new Aquatic Plant Enthusiast community forum . Share your passion for aquatic plants and the planted aquarium with others who share the same interest. Get answers to your planted aquarium questions and help other enthusiasts in need. We hope the forum will be a great place for you to learn and share everything you can about the planted aquarium.
Also, for Floridians, check out the new Florida Aquatic Plant Enthusiasts Club and become a member to meet and share interests with members in your local community.
January 31, 2009 - KH Standard - 250 mL's of It!
We are excited to announce that we are now offering large 250 mL bottles of lab certified KH Standard / 4 degree KH (4 dKH) . KH Standard is a solution, or analytical standard, with a known KH; when combined with pH Indicator (Bromothymol Blue), in a drop checker, it creates the appropriate solution to accurately measure CO2 levels in the planted aquarium.
Check out our Planted Aquarium Blog to learn more about the Drop Checker, KH Standard, and the Science behind it.
January 29, 2009 - The Beast Has Arrived - The New Nature Beast CO2 Regulator
We have added a fantastic new custom CO2 regulator to our selection, The Nature Beast . The unique design of this regulator allows you to use an inline bubble counter that can be positioned above your aquarium stand for easy observation of your CO2 bubble rate.
January 27, 2009 - A New Complete System, with a Twist - The Primo CO2 System
This Primo CO2 System has added a new twist to our selection of complete CO2 systems. In addition to our super-precise Primo Regulator, the system includes an automatic timer that simultaneously controls your CO2 Regulator and aquarium lights in order to promote an ideal environment for photosynthesis. The system includes a 5 lb cylinder and can be upgraded to include a 10 lb cylinder.
January 26, 2009 - A High Quality Glass Diffuser that Doubles as a Bubble Counter - True Symbiosis
It is true symbiosis, a CO2 diffuser and bubble counter together in one high quality glass piece. The CO2 Diffuser - Spiro is available in three sizes: 900, 500, & 300. The ceramic plate and internal spiral provide effective CO2 diffusion and allow you to easily count the number of bubbles per second passing through the spiral and entering the aquarium.
January 26, 2009 - High Grade Brass Check Valve - The Arrow Marks the Flow
This tiny new addition to our inventory is one of the most important items you can invest in. This high grade Brass Check Valve permits flow in one direction only, into the aquarium. It prevents water from back-siphoning from your aquarium into the vital components of your CO2 system.
December 16, 2008 - NEW Limited Edition Victor CO2 Regulator
We have added a new Victor Dual Stage Regulator with a chrome plated forged brass body, Delrin cap bushing, and Sintered inlet filter to our selection of CO2 regulators. It is built with a Clippard solenoid and a super precise Fabco NV-55 needle valve. It is beautiful.
December 15, 2008 - NEW Aquascaping Scissors
Check out our newest aquascaping Scissors: Straight, Angled, and Spring. They are smaller in size for improved control and precise trimming. The Spring Scissors are great for trimming mosses. The Straight and Angled Scissors, ideal for trimming stem plants and undergrowth, are made of surgical stainless steel and measure from 4 to 6 inches.
December 4, 2008 - NEW Paintball CO2 Regulator
We have added another great regulator to our collection of custom built regulators, the Paintball CO2 Regulator . We are extremely excited about, and very proud of, this one. We know it can be difficult to find a reliable, well-crafted Paintball regulator. That's what inspired us to design and build this one. It is built to be the most reliable paintball regulator on the market and it has a two (2) year guarantee. It features the same Cornelius regulator body and Clippard solenoid as our standard regulators but is designed to be mounted on a paintball cylinder.
November 11, 2008 - Customize the New Primo Regulator
You can now customize the manifold of the new Primo Regulator to supply CO2 to up to Six Aquariums. Decrease the amount of equipment under your tanks by using one regulator and CO2 cylinder in place of several. Custom manifold's include bubble counters and needle valves so you can control the output of CO2 per tank.
November 9, 2008 - Are your leaves green, Share your Testimonials
Our Planted Aquarium Blog is in full swing. Check out our customers' testimonials and share your own testimonial . We look forward to hearing from you.
November 8, 2008 - Introducing the NEW Primo CO2 Regulator
We are excited to introduce our new custom Primo CO2 Regulator . This regulator features a super precise custom Fabco NV-55 needle valve and dual check valves for added moisture protection.
November 4, 2008 - Our Planted Aquarium Blog
Finally, our Planted Aquarium Blog is ready and live. We have posted a video on "How to Setup a Pressurized CO2 System" . We hope this video will be helpful to those planted tank newbies who are ready to dive into their first Complete CO2 System . We understand how intimidating this can be and we hope to help in any way possible.
November 1, 2008 - Customize your CO2 Regulators and Complete CO2 Systems
We have added capabilities for further customization of our Ultimate and Choice Regulators and Complete CO2 Systems . You can now customize the manifold of the Ultimate and Choice Regulators to supply CO2 to up to Six Aquariums. Its like having like having six regulators for the price of two. You can also upgrade the CO2 Cylinder size to a 10 lb Cylinder for the Ultimate and Choice Complete CO2 Systems.
October 15, 2008 - The NEW "Oracle" from CAL AQUA LABS
After a long wait, the "Oracle" has finally arrived. The unequaled CAL AQUA LABS "Oracle" Drop Checker features a center white column which facilitates precise color identification for accurate measurement of CO2 levels in the aquarium.
Also check out the new CAL AQUA "Double Counter" which functions as both a normal and high-flow bubble counter in one elegant design.
October 15, 2008 - The NEW "Double Counter" from CAL AQUA LABS
The CAL AQUA "Double Counter" which functions as both a normal and high-flow bubble counter in one elegant design.
Testimonials Share a Testimonial
I was trying so hard to create the perfect planted tank that I had imagined in my head but I kept running into problems what seemed like every step. I had problems with correct fertilizer dosing, CO2, circulation, you name it. Orlando has answered all the questions I’ve had and is probably the most helpful and knowledgeable person I’ve ever talked to for customer service. Thanks to his help, I think I’m beginning to get the hang of it and my plants started pearling for the first time. - Rusty, 5/25/2012
It’s been 40 years since I had an aquarium, and if not for Orlando I probably would have said forget it, it’s just too difficult. He has just been so good to me,with all my silly questions that I probably could of figured out by myself if I’d just of looked a little harder. Because of Orlando my experience with Greenleaf is just been awesome. - Jimbo, 4/15/2012
Green Leaf Aquariums is my go-to place for high-quality CO2 regulators. I’ve never used any other type of regulator on my tanks and don’t plan to any time soon. These regulators are built to last and really are the “best of the best”. The customer service that Orlando provides is AMAZING to say the least. I have never had to wait more than an hour to receive an e-mail response from him, and most of the time it only takes a matter of minutes (i swear i sometimes wonder how he even has time to think about what he’s typing!). This guy really cares about his customers and i can confidently say that i have never seen such impeccable customer service from any other company.  Don’t believe me? Try it for yourself. Order something from GLA and i promise you won’t be disappointed.  Thank you for all that you do for the hobby, Orlando and GLA! - Philip, 12/28/2011
I placed my order for a wide variety of plants the day the site went live and received them yesterday. Having dealt with Orlando in the past I was expecting the shipment to arrive without a hitch and representative of his typical attention to detail. Just when you think these guys can’t possibly do any better, they have once again exceeded every expectation I could have possibly had. The plants were pristine, and the packaging was nothing short of amazing. The only thing missing was a nice neat little bow on each individual package!!!                       It is always a pleasure doing business with you, Orlando. Anyone who owns a business can certainly take a lesson on how to do it right from GLA. - Dave M., 12/22/2011
If you want to look for one well-build CO2 system ; GLA is the best you can get. The regulators seem to be very high price compared to the others in market , However , you get what you pay for. You cant find anywhere else with the best and excellent customer services like GLA. Orland is awesome , he is very kind and consistent in helping me to solve all the problems.                   I ordered the Prime co2 with dual/manifold, the high and low pressure gauges were damaged during the transit. I contacted Orlando and received response from him less than 5 mins. He told me to ship the regulator back to his work bench and he will replace both new for me. Now i m waiting for the regulator being delivered back to me. You can’t go wrong with Orlando and GLA.                                    Thank you Orlando and GLA.                                      Best regard - Steven Nguyen, 9/17/2011
Hello!                                      I am pretty impressed with your organization as I have received exceptional service so far.....hats off for the great work :).                                      Just to give you a feel of my experience so far see below:                                      Received a call regarding a back ordered item                   When the items were shipped all relevant information was provide to me (feels like buying at a brick and mortar store)                   Provides and options to use USPS opposed to only UPS or Fedex--reduced or no brokerage charges for the customer.                   I am only expecting some great products from you as all touch points I have had with you are top notch! I thought it was important for me to tell you my thoughts as this is exceptional.                                      Cheers! - Suresh, 8/9/2011
I recently purchased one of your Atomic CO2 Diffuser - 65mm and I am pleased to say this is the best investment I have made in my CO2 system. I have a 200-gallon planted Discus tank that that I made an inline DIY diffuser for as I could not find one that was rated for 200 gallons. After removing the old DIY system including an extra pump, tubing, and outlet. I’m pleased to say for the first time in 2-1/2 years I was able to regulate my PH to neutral within minutes using a much lower bubble count.                   Just a side note, I run a wet/dry system that speeds up the off gassing so if you are using a canister filter your CO2 consumption will be even less. - Todd G., 6/29/2011
I am totally new on planted aquarium and was just happen to find GLA. Had lots of questions at the begining and sent an email to GLA to figuring out what I need. Orlando responsed back to my email after 2 minutes at 9:00pm and answer my non-sense questions. Just a great experience even before I buy the product. I order my Ultimate Choice CO2 System today and very please and confident about my decision even before I get my product.                   Thanks Orlando and GLA - Hien Vu, 6/23/2011
If you are looking for a CO2 system look no further. The equipment is first-rate and customer service is even better. They will not forget about you after the sale is made. I had plenty of questions after my system was set and running. Orlando and the staff were quick to respond to my e-mails and every question was answered in a courteous manner. A part was even replaced from the order without any problem at all. Their patience is much appreciated and I can’t thank them enough.                   Great work GLA! - Steve, 6/22/2011
I am absolutely stunned at the exceptional quality of customer service that I have received from GLA. It is by far the best I have ever received. The website is informative and fun to read, the products are the very best, and the customer service is nothing short of miraculous. GLA is in a league of their own. - Richard, 5/6/2011
Called the customer service line and was greeted by Orlando who addressed my questions very well! Orlando was very helpful and experienced. Placed my order last night (4/21/2011) and can't wait to get things going. Whatever you do as a company, do not let Orlando go...he's a true asset to your success! - Jason, 4/22/2011
Orlando and Green Leaf’s customer service are second to none. In my process of evaluating different choices of CO2 systems for my aquarium, Orlando was the only vendor who consistently responded to my emails within a day. Even after receiving the system, questions were still answered promptly and kindly. Couple this great customer service with a product that looks good and functions flawlessly, and you have a formula for a great business. When I upgrade to a larger aquarium, I have no doubts as to where I will be going to expand my CO2 system. Thanks for the great customer experience! - Jack, 4/18/2011
It’s been a complete pleasure doing business with a company that offers such a high standard of customer service! Orlando always answers emails quickly and erases any doubt or confusion with this complex hobby and all of it’s gadgets. There are cheaper sources but you get what you pay for. Personal customer service goes a long way with me. Thank you Orlando!! - Penny, 2/11/2011
I never ordinarily leave comments, but I feel compelled in this case, due to the extraordinary experience I have had. I have bought a number of CO2 related items from Green Leaf and have been happy with everything I have received. I have had some questions and one problem, however, requiring me to contact Orlando to find a resolution. I have never before experienced a customer service as prompt, friendly and as dedicated to resolving any issues as Orlando has provided. There is no question of ever looking anywhere else for my aquarium needs. Green Leaf Aquariums comes with the highest commendation that I can give. - A. Ward, 9/30/2010
Coming from the retail business all i can say is wow!!! From the beginning it’s been nothing but incredible costumer service and dedication to helping those who are new to this aspect of the hobby . I ordered a Complete CO2 system and in two days it was at the door in its immaculate packaging. I could not be happier with the advice that i have received from Orlando, his patience and knowledge is second to none. I will now make sure that this site will be my avenue for all my planted tank needs, i can only see this business expanding even more!! Keep up the world class attention to detail and superb costumer service, thank you Orlando.
Continuen el trabajo maravilloso que hacen con este sitio, la atencion al cliente y la dedicacion demostrada es de primera clase. Gracias a GLA y a Orlando por tan buen trabajo con aquellos que apenas nos empapamos en este tan sano entretenimiento. - Jorney, 9/18/2010
I am new to the planted tank hobby, and wanted to share with everyone how absolutely impressed I am with the customer service I received from GLA. I did a lot of research on which Co2 reg. to buy, and just came away confused. I knew I wanted quality equip., and after finding GLA and talking with Orlando, I had no doubt I would be purchasing from him.                   Orlando answered all of my questions through email literally within minutes. He was extremely patient, kind and knowledgeable about which Co2 system was right for my tank, and did not try and oversell me anything I did not need. I have complete confidence in the quality of my purchases, and can’t wait for them to arrive!. I will be shopping with GLA in the future. Thank you Orlando, keep up the great work!! - Lori, 7/2/2010
People weren’t kidding when they say that GLA has awesome service. Orlando was superb! he answered back emails faster than i can say FERTS! i got my dry fert package and shipment was secure and FAST. tell him your goals and he will give you a piece of advice that you will surely appreciate. - Benedict, 3/2/2010
I’m just starting into planted aquariums as a hobby and Green Leaf Aquariums has made it a smooth ride. This is by far the best customer service of any web site I’ve ever ordered from or quite possibly any business I’ve ever delt with. I will definitly be ordering the rest of my parts from GLA. Thanks again for all the hard work guys! - B. Means, 4/29/2009
I’m a beginner when it comes to high tech planted tanks. I’ve had MANY MANY questions that would probably drive most people insane! :) But, Orlando has been super-patient with me, very thorough in his explanations and answers, and very fast on response time.                                      The customer support is the best I’ve encountered from ANY business, ever. And his shipments/packing are top-notch! -Dave M.               Houston, TX, 11/8/2008
I was in the market for co2 equipment when i came across GLA. I was immediately drawn to simplistic and well designed website, and the great selection of products. I placed my order and in 2 days i had my equipment sitting at my door in the morning!                                      Orlando is really quite exceptional with dealing any problems you may encounter and provides service and help beyond anything i have ever seen! He even took the time to build me a custom dual manifold so i can run two solenoids so i can send co2 to two planted tanks using ph controllers..and fast! I highly recommend dealing with Orlando and GLA not only for their selection of high quality great products, but also for the service you receive during and after your purchase. - Stevie D               Cambridge, Ma,    11/12/2008
Green Leaf is the absolute best! Not only do they have a great selection for those in the hobby, they have the best shipping and customer support I have ever encountered. I have called many a time and gotten great information. I purchase from them whenever possible. Thanks so much! - Adam G.,    11/16/2006
Orlando was a great help in picking out a C02 system to fill my needs. Ordered on a thursday and arrived on saturday. Everything was well packaged and will be setting it up this coming weekend. Best online service I have ever received from anyone on anything. 11/19/2008
Outstanding Sales Support, Fast reliable Shipping, Content packaging securely packaged against damage. I ordered the Cal Aqua Dbl. oracle, even though I am old school and still do the math, The Drop checker is well designed and Aesthetically sound for any type of Planted set up.                                      Could not for the sake of me get the solution in the darn thing, picked up the phone, Orlando walked me right through it, See you can teach an old dog, new tricks. Even got to chat about other Aquatic happenings, A++ for making my purchase an enjoyable one.                                      Thanks Again Orlando for making feel good about buying from you. - Tony               Nazareth, PA,    12/8/2008
Fantastic deal on the ferts, very well packaged, and the shipping couldn’t have been any faster, especially considering the time of the year! A great value, I will do business with you again!                                      - Thank you, Dan Kirby,    12/18/2008
This company has great customer service, good ethics, and wants to SERVE the planted tank community! As we all know, this is hard to find…they are few and far between. I’ve had too many bad experiences with other companies, but GLA processes and mails all my orders the NEXT DAY! What a pleasure to do business here. And the news of new products (starphire tanks) has made my day! - Matt,    1/31/2009
GLA makes for the best possible value for money when it comes to high-tech planted aquarium supplies.                   And as for the genius behind GLA, Orlando is the best when it comes to sales, service and even resolution of problems and certainly advice. Orlando will be at the top of my list for my supplies as they run out of them and certainly as I expand my interests.                                      Thanks for everything, Orlando! - Christopher K. Brown               Austin, TX,    2/4/2009
I recommend Green Leaf, the customer support is fast and sell quality products at good prices.                                      Yo recomiendo Green Leaf, el soporte me atendió de maravilla y rápido, ademas de que venden productos de muy buena calidad a buenos precios. - Victor Blanco               Venezuela,    2/21/2009
Very nice drop checker and easy to use. Also shipping was lightning fast! I’ll definitely spend more money here with these guys. - Nick H.,    2/25/2009
I decided to go with quality when it came to providing my tanks with CO2 and purchasing my equipment. Therefore, I purchased from Green Leaf Aquariums. What made it even a better experience for me was the customer service I received in trying to make my decision. I spoke with two different gentlemen when i called and both provided me with useful and honest information. After I received my CO2 equipment and found how easy the set was, I had a few question regarding the changes my tank was going through and once again the customer service was outstanding. I would recommend this company to anyone looking for aquarium equipment. Customer service goes a long way in my book and Green Leaf Aquarium knows how to treat customers as individuals. Kudos to you guys. keep up the great relationships you develop with people all over the USA.                   Thanks, Miguel DLC               Baltimore, MD,    3/3/2009
I ordered a several different fertilizers from GLA, and all arrived in break neck speed! Orlando was also helpful in providing answers to my specific questions on pre mixing my micro fertilizers with one of the 500 mL dispenser bottles that I ordered from him.                                      As soon as I save up enough money, I am going to buy one of his high end regulators.                                      Truely, greenleafaquariums.com is a pleasure to do business with! - P Howe,    3/6/2009
I was in search for a new regulator since I was sick of using my JBJ regulator. I was able to find a great one at a great price from Green Leaf Aquariums. Orlando has served me the best he could and I cannot say enough of how completely satisfied I am with his customer service and products. Orlando is the guy to go to! I will definitely order from them again and will always keep in touch and see how they are doing. Thanks again!!! - John Dinh,    3/13/2009
I purchased a load of Dry Fertilizer from GreenLeaf over a year ago and am still very pleased. Whenever I run out, I will definitely be back for more. Everybody I’ve turned on to GreenLeafAquariums has been incredibly pleased with their friendly and informative customer support, as well as their products.                                      Personally, I will never shop anywhere else for planted tank supplies. -Adam,    5/3/2009
Just purchased the Primo Co2 System. Had a few initial problems getting set up. Sent Orlando an email and within 15 minutes, he called me. Got everything working! All of it is great: the customer service, the products, and all the tips!                                      Shipping has taken 2 days for me. (counting the day I order, so from shipping time, it is generally over night!) I do live about 4 hours away, but I still say its awesome shipping! Everything is packed perfectly!                                      Thanks again Orlando! You will be seeing my money again! - Daniel, 6/12/2009
I have purchased from GLA multiple times and am always amazed at the quick turnaround after purchasing. Additionally, customer service is above and beyond what I’ve experienced elsewhere. As long as I have planted tanks, I’ll be buying my supplies here! 8/9/2009
GLA is the place to go for your planted aquarium. I have bought several pieces of glassware and they are very high quality at excellent prices. I have yet to regret a purchase based on quality, or price, which is rare for me. As they have expanded what they carry, they are quickly becoming the only online retailer I need. I will most defineatly continue to come back…A LOT. - Matt,    8/25/2009
I just received my package of ferts. Orlando is extremely helpful and very informative. I’m really excited to start my planted tank. Thanks! - Donny,    11/24/2009
Featured Products
