Join the Conversation
Evolution May Explain Leaf Color - Westminster, Morguefile
A new theory implicates insect activity and evolution into the puzzling question of why do leaves change color in the fall, and why certain colors predominate.
Scientists have long wondered why the predominant fall leaf color in North America is red and in Europe, yellow. And while types of trees can partially justify the difference, it doesn't fully explain the visual magic. Two scientists at the University of Haifa and the University of Kuopio in Finland recently proposed a theory based on geography, insects, and climate change.
Why Leaves Turn Colors in the Fall
In temperate climates filled with deciduous trees and shrubs, the annual fall color show is often eagerly anticipated. News reports and weather channels provide "leaf updates" with maps pointing avid leaf peepers to the brightest fall colors.
Why do leaves change color in the fall ? Every leaf contains chlorophyll, the green pigment that helps plants transforms the sun's energy into simple carbohydrates necessary for energy and life. But within each leaf, other pigments co-exist. Each leaf has varying potential to show off glittering shades of deep purple, burgundy, scarlet, crimson, gold and pure yellow.
Cooler temperatures, shorter days, and the changing angle of the sun's rays upon the plant leaves signal the plant to stop producing chlorophyll. The internal factories in the leaves shut down, reducing the amount of green pigment. As the green pigment diminishes, the other pigments shine forth, and leaves change color in the fall.
Red Fall Leaves in North America, Yellow in Europe
Some trees are noted for specific colors. Certain types of maples, for example, produce striking shades of red and yellow, while oaks typically show brown, purple or dark burgundy colors. Observers have long noted, however, that the predominant color found in fall foliage in North America contains shades of red, while in Europe the main color is yellow.
Professors Simcha Lev-Yadun of the Department of Science Education-Biology at the University of Haifa-Oranim and Professor Jarmo Holopainen of the University of Kuopio in Finland recently published a paper entitled, "Why Red Dominant Autumn Leaves in America and Yellow in Europe?" (pages 506-512)in the August 2009 issue of New Phytologist that proposes an alternative understanding of why leaves change color, and why red predominates North America and yellow in Europe.
More on this topic
