Benefits Of Green Tea
There are many Benefits of green tea to be had with consuming this refreshing beverage. But most of the Benefits of green tea deal with three main areas. These areas are anti-cancer properties, antioxidant properties as well as weight loss. It has been traditionally consumed by the Chinese for thousands of years. As such, green tea is firmly entrenched in the Chinese, Japanese, Korean and South east Asian cultures. They were traditionally used for its good medicinal properties as well as a means of quenching thirst. Because they have been regularly consumed by these cultures through the ages, much has been written about them. Ancient Japanese medical practitioners Read more
Green Tea Diet
Thinking of going on a Green Tea Diet? If you're looking to loss a few pounds the natural way, the green tea diet may be for you. Green tea has a few properties that make it worth your while to investigate. But it is no magic potion. It must be combined with other weight losing activities to be truly effective.  There are a few ways to implement a green tea diet in your daily regimen. You can use the variety of green tea supplements in the form of capsules or pills to aid you in your battle against the bulge or you can simply consume green tea. Green tea supplements contain green tea extract which has well known fat burning properties. Read more
Green Tea Extract
Green Tea extract is a derivative of the green tea shrub (Leaves). Green tea extract is used in many commercial items today from herbal supplements to skin creams. They have certain natural health properties when consumed or used as an external cream. Green tea is primarily a strong antioxidant.There is also some evidence that it lowers the probability of  certain types of cancers such as breast and pancreatic cancer. But only these two cancers. There hasn't been any strong evidence towards other kinds of cancer like lung cancer. The Chinese have been consuming green tea for at least three thousand years. Read more
Green Tea Tablets
Green tea tablets are seen not just as weight helper but also as a health supplement. Green tea tablets are typically made from green tea extract and are also sold in the form of capsules. Popular as a "natural" health supplement for losing weight, green tea tablets have been increasing in popularity particularly in the west. So what are some of the properties of green tea that are so talked about in health circles? The first benefit it offers us is its good anti-oxidant properties. Secondly, it also has some anti-cancer properties as well.  With a resume that looks like that, its no wonder that more and more people are consuming green tea daily. Read more
Green Tea Weight Loss
Green tea weight loss methods are diet methods that strongly implement the use of green tea. Green tea weight loss methods have been proven to work, but they are no silver bullet. Most of the time, green tea weight loss methods are combined with other activities to improve effectiveness.  Green tea induces thermogenesis in the human body. Thermogenesis is the act of creating heat in warm blooded mammals. Everytime we exercise, thermogenesis within our body is in full swing.  Our heart rate increases, heat is produced and we begin to use more and more energy. Thermogenesis is occurs when we shiver and especially in hibernating animals. Read more
Health Benefits Of Green Tea
The Health benefits of green tea to be had with drinking green tea are many. The Health benefits of green tea usually have to do with general health, cancer as well as weight loss. The green tea shrub occurs naturally in East Asia, South Asia as well as South East Asia. They are a very common beverage particularly in China, Japan and Korea. The tea leaves used to produce green tea are the same tea leaves used to produce Chinese tea, Oolong tea, Black tea, White tea as well as yellow tea. The only differences between these various teas are how they're processed. Read more
