Get     the most out of these pages with the Weather Dude Music CD
Try this experiment with help from a grownup.
Materials needed: A tree with leaves     that turn red in autumn. (dogwood, sweet gum, black gum, white oak, red oak, scarlet oak,     maple, sumac), cardboard, heavy paper or aluminum foil, masking tape.
 
What to do:
In the fall before the leaves change color, find a tree that will turn         bright red or purple.
Using the cardboard, paper, foil and tape, cover some of the leaves that         receive a lot of sunlight.
After the other leaves on the tree have changed color, take the paper or         foil off the leaves you covered and look at the different colors underneath.  Ask yourself, “Why are the colors different         from the other leaves?
 
 
S
ince     I was a boy, autumn has always been my favorite season.  When I would tell my buddies that I liked fall better than summer, they would eye     me with a strange look and say, “But you have to go to school in the fall!  Why autumn?”  Maybe it was because I could sense the changes in the air, and the changes felt     mysterious and exciting. 
Even now I still get     excited when I see the shorter days and feel the cooler nights, and as I watch     leaves turn from plain green to vivid colors of gold and red.  Now, as an on-camera meteorologist for The Weather     Channel, I look on the changing season with even more wonder, knowing that nature is     bringing many events together at one time to cause autumn’s colorful changes.
The Sun Starts It All
The changes start with the sun and the earth’s orbit around     it.  Often people think that our temperatures     get cooler in autumn because the earth moves farther from the sun.  But this is not true. What actually changes is not     the distance of the earth to the sun, but the angle of the sun’s rays on the earth.   In     our summer, the sun shines more directly on the top half of the earth, or northern     hemisphere.  That’s when we see long     warm days.  In our winter, the sun shines more     directly on the bottom half of the earth, or southern hemisphere.  With less and less direct sunlight on the top     half, the days here get shorter and temperatures get colder as winter nears.  Those shorter days and cooler temperatures act as     a signal to the trees and plants around us to get ready for winter.
Chlorophyll: The Magic Chemical
 All summer long, a     tree’s leaves have been making food for the tree so it can grow. An amazing chemical in the leaves, called chlorophyll, uses sunlight to turn carbon dioxide     and water into the tree’s breakfast, lunch and dinner.   Chlorophyll gives the leaves their green color.  Also in the leaves are other chemicals with yellow     and orange colors—the same chemicals that give color to some flowers, carrots, and     even bananas.  You don’t see those colors     in summer because there is so much green chlorophyll in the leaves hiding the other     colors. 
In the winter, the short days don’t provide enough sunlight     for the trees to make their food, so the trees live off the food they stored during     summer.  Before winter arrives, the shorter     days make the trees slow down their food making, and the green chlorophyll disappears from     the leaves.  That’s when the yellow and     orange colors take over.  At the same time,     other chemical changes may happen in the leaves, forming other colors such as red or     purple.  Like an artist mixes paint for his     canvas, the chemicals mix to form different colors in different trees.  Eventually some trees, but not all, lose their     leaves.
How Bright Can It Get?
You may have noticed that in some years, the leaves seem more     brightly colored than in others.  Again,     weather is the reason.  The leaves are     brightest when the late summer is warm and dry and autumn has a lot of sunny days and cool     nights with temperatures in the upper thirties or low forties.  The sunny days will help the leaves make some     food, but the cool nights will keep the food from moving out of the leaves.  Under those weather conditions, the trapped food     will form brilliant  purple and red chemicals     in the leaves. On the other hand, if the autumn days are cloudy and the nights are warm,     the leaves won’t produce as much trapped food and so they will not be as colorful.  If temperatures go below freezing at night, the     frost will dull the leaves’ colors. 
Sometimes leaves on the same tree may have slightly different     colors from one another.  That’s because     different leaves receive different amounts of sunlight, so some leaves produce more red     and purple chemicals than others.  On some     trees, leaves that receive a lot of sunlight may turn red, while the leaves in the shade     may be yellow.  Again, it is the sun that is     responsible for nature’s wide palette of colors.
Look Around
As you are playing outside or riding in your car this fall, take     a closer look at the trees around you.  Take a     moment to think about the colors you see and how they got there.  And as you observe the changes in the season and     the changes in the weather, you just might be able to forecast how bright this year’s     autumn colors will be!
And maybe autumn will become your favorite season too. 
Go here for more on spring
Go here for more on summer
Go here for more on winter
