Was this article helpful? 0 0
Why Orchid Leaves Are Important to Gardeners
By Carl Harrison
When most people think of orchids, they automatically think about the flowers that grow. However, the leaves of the orchid are just as important and will actually tell the gardener if the plant is living or dying and what could be causing it problems. This is helpful for both people in the market for an orchid or already growing orchids.
How can you tell if your orchid is healthy? When you touch the leaves, they should be stiff, soft, green and sleek. If the leaves are frail or spongy, the orchid may have a problem.
Warning Signs From Your Orchid Leaves
A Look at the Leaf Tips and Edges
Take a close look at the leaf tips. Are there any dry or black areas on them? If so, then the plant has been exposed to way too much fertilizer. You can solve this problem by drenching the plant's compost with water. However, if your town's got hard water issues, you'll have a problem with salt build up on the medium and roots. Make sure to use plain and/or distilled water so you don't have further problems.
Orchids With Splotches and Dark Leaves
When your orchid leaves has dark brown splotches, it means it's got a sunburn. There are several ways you can deal with this problem: This includes:
- Using filtered light
- Use a fan to move air around and keep heat from building up.
Orchid Lighting
Your orchids, like other plants, needs light. However, if your orchid isn't blooming or its leaves are too green, it may not be getting enough. You can increase your orchid's chance to thrive by slowly adding more light to it until you see an overall improvement in your plant.
Never leave your plant in light or dark for an entire day, all the time. Doing so can kill your orchid.
Orchid Leaves With Wrinkles and/or Slow Growth
If your orchid leaves look wrinkled or doesn't seem to be growing, you may have a problem with overwatering. If you suspect this to be a problem, look at the roots. If you find root rot, then you know for sure that you have overwatered the plant. However, should the medium be rotten, you will need to repot the orchid. You don't want to place your orchid in a container that's too big because this gives water a chance to settle.
If your orchid leaves are withering, this means you're not giving it enough water. Again, look at the roots, as this is the telltale sign of underwatering and overwatering. Underwatered roots will be stiff and white. Increase how much water you give it.
Be aware that any plant that has been let to dry out completely will have roots that are not able to soak the water in. This means the plant will, most assuredly, die.
Leaves That Appear Dull
Orchid plants that appear dull and lifeless will need to be divided up and moved to other plants. Remember that your leaves must be a healthy green to ensure that your orchid plant is thriving. If the orchid's dull look comes along with slow growth and pseudobulbs, you may have to cut through its stems using a sterile knife and/or scissors. Be sure that you keep a hold of the new pseudobulbs and toss out the old ones.
Make sure that any new divisions you have should contain three healthy pseudobulbs so that new growth can occur. If you have monopodial orchids, you may find that it is difficult to divide unlike sympodials, which grow in clumps.
Changes That Are Expected In Orchid Plants
As the leaves age, they'll begin to yellow and drop off as the new ones begin to take shape. This is nothing to be concerned about.
Now if you want to grow orchids and enjoy the beautiful blooms, it's important to pay attention to the leaves. They make you aware if the plant has any problems or if it's perfectly healthy.
Carl Harrison is an orchid enthusiast. For more great tips and advice on orchid leaves , visit http://www.theorchidresource.com
Did you find this article helpful? 0 0
Get Involved
