 
The  Thylakoid:
     This  is where the color comes from. The outer surface is called the thylakoid membrane or the photosynthetic membrane. The pigment and ATP Synthetase molecules are on the thylakoid membrane. Inside the  membrane is the thylakoid space.
     Scientists generally break photosynthesis into two  stages, the light reactions and the dark reactions.
     The  light reactions, which are also called light dependent (because they depend  on light) or energy fixing (because they capture and make energy available  for the process) reactions, take place in the thylakoid space and the thylakoid  membrane.
Click on the underlined links for more info and definitions.
     The  dark reactions, which are also referred to as the light independent (because  they don't need light) or carbon fixing reactions (because they "fix" carbon from carbon dioxide into carbohydrate molecules), occur in the stroma surrounding the thylakoids.
     There are no little blue  men in the stroma. I just can't help myself sometimes.
 
 
GRANUM  OR GRANA?
     This  picture shows three thylakoids stacked one on top of the other. A stack of thylakoids  is called a granum.
      More than one granum are grana. Apparantly,  the little green specks you see when you look at stacks of thylakoids through  a microscope, reminded someone of "grains" of something. If I had been  the first to look, we'd be calling them "pita" and "pitum",  'cause they make me think of pita bread.
Light Dependent Processes:
     The first stage of photosynthesis takes place in  the thylakoid membrane and the thylakoid space. The various types of chlorophyll  and carotenoid molecules are the pigments placed  in the membrane. These pigments start the process by acting sort of like antennae  that capture the solar energy. Light photons hit  the chlorophyll or carotenoid molecules. This photon energy "knocks loose" an electron which provides the energy to other molecules to start the very complicated  and fascinating photosynthesis process.
     "Okay", you say, "so those chlorophyll  electrons go dancing off to provide energy for the photosynthesis process. What  happens to the chlorophyll molecules? Won't they run out of electrons?"
     Good question. This is where the water comes in.  There is a special enzyme molecule with the specific job of breaking apart water  molecules. This procedure is called the photolysis of water. Water molecules  are broken down into oxygen and hydrogen atoms. The hydrogen atoms are further  broken down into a hydrogen ion and an electron.
     Guess where the electrons go. Yup. They go to the chlorophyll  and other pigment molecules where they replace the missing electrons "knocked" loose by photons of light.
    Guess where the oxygen atoms go.     For  the most part, they just go out! They link up with another oxygen molecule to  form O2, then they flow back out to the air from whence they came.  That's where the oxygen made during photosynthesis comes from. It comes from the  oxygen in water molecules (H2O) and is just an unwanted byproduct as  far as photosynthesis is concerned. The electrons and hydrogen ions are used,  and some of the oxygen may get used for respiration , but  a lot of them just go back out to the atmosphere where you and I may breath them  with our very own gas exchange systems.
     The hydrogen ions left behind stay for a very short  while in the thylakoid space. This space is often referred to as the hydrogen  reservoir because it is a reservoir for hydrogen ions - nice and straight forward,  eh? Darn sight easier to remember than thylakoid space.
Light  Reactions cont...
      The hydrogen ions go zipping out of the thylakoid  space, flowing through special channels in the membrane. It's the only way out.  (Actually hydrogen ions are flowing both ways through the membrane during photosynthesis  but we can't cover evrything - it would take pages and pages and pages.)
      The movement of these ions through the channels  provides the energy to the ATP Synthetase enzymes where ATP molecules are made. ATP (adenosine triphosphate) and another  molecule abbreviated NADPH (too big of a name to write) are the two energy  carrying molecules that power the dark reactions (not to be confused with  the dark side of the Force that powered Darth Vader) of photosynthesis Part 2  occuring in the stroma.
      There is also a steady flow of electrons, from  the water, through various steps through the membrane, and finally to NADPH.  This electron flow is an electric current - electricity powered by solar energy.  This electric current provides energy for the making of ATP and NADPH.
     There is more, much more, but you get the idea.  A lot is going on in a leaf.
     Basically, in step one, the light reactions, the  energy of light is captured and transferred into ATP and NADPH,  which are used to provide energy for the making of carbohydrates in stage two  of photosynthesis, the carbon cycle.
Light Independent Reactions:
     Next we leave the thylakoids and head out into the  stroma where the second stage of photosynthesis takes place. This stage is sometimes  referred to as the carbon fixing process because during this stage carbon  from carbon dioxide is "fixed" into the beginnings of simple sugar,  or carbohydrate molecules. Other terms you may hear for this phase are the "dark  reactions" or the "carbon cycle".
     Out here in the stroma, a bunch of different enzymes  use the carbon dioxide molecules and hydrogen ions made during the light dependent  phase to assemble sugar fragments which are half of a glucose molecule (just 3  carbon atoms, instead of the 6 required to make a complete glucose molecule).
     The  carbon cycle, like the light reactions, is extremely complex with many steps.  It is powered by the NADPH and ATP molecules formed in the light  phase.
     This is as far as it goes in the chloroplast, and is  the official end of photosynthesis. Ta da!
After Photosynthesis:
      Half a molecule of glucose. That's all we've got  so far. Photosynthesis may be over, but it is not the end for these important  molecules.
      The next step for the half-glucose molecules is  to pass through the chloroplasts outer membrane into the cell. In the cell more  enzymes join the 3-carbon fragments with another 3-carbon fragment, and voila!  You have a glucose molecule.
     Now the glucose becomes the basic building block  for a bunch of other carbohydrates, such as sucrose, lactose, ribose, cellulose  and starch.
     Then they can move on into more plant cells and, if the  leaf gets eaten, into animal cells. In both plants and animals they can be used  to make fats, oils, amino acids, and proteins.
Epilogue:
     I have presented a small piece of the amazing and  extremely complex story of photosynthesis. I can't cover it all here, but I know  you are so amazed and fascinated, you will continue to learn more in books and  other resources.
(And you will send all your friends and enemies to my web site and you will buy  something to help keep the site going - sneaky subliminal command).
     
     Glucose, the simple sugar product of photosynthesis,  is the source of virtually all the energy, and most of the building materials  for living organisms. We owe it all to the busy leaves and other photsynthesizing  organisms.
 
