05/07/2010 by Kloé
I was reading an article that Kelly posted and it made me want to share this with you. I don’t know if it’s ethically correct, but I’m still gonna do it!
Remember when I asked the QUESTION whether or not you believe in the childhood obesity epidemic? All of you answered positively and truly believed that something must be done and supported the programs already in movement.
Well, I asked a similar question (what do you think of the whole obesity talk) but on a different blog, with a very different demographic and I got some very SHOCKING answers.
” I think the media tends  to make a big deal out of things just to make good stories.  Recent case  in point – the H1N1 scare, just for one example.”
“Most of that is just garbage.  Americans, and others, are easily fooled  by the fat scam.  People judge health on looks and companies cash-in on  this fact.  It really is NOT about BEING healthy, it is about LOOKING  healthy.”
“There is no epidemic,  however there are BILLIONS of dollars working  hard to scare you into their waiting arms”
Then I posted the speech Michelle Obama gave in support to the cause… Here are the reactions:
“How do you give working parents more time?  How do you make healthier  food more affordable?  Build more health food stores (with what money?)  and allow them to accept food stamps for the poor?”
“I think the studies that link general obesity with disease are skewed  in many ways”
“I think there are 100 other things that this administration should be  worried about other than childhood obesity.  I’m sick of the government  stepping in and trying to parent our kids.”
So I was very surprised when I read those comments, because I thought EVERYONE would support this cause 100%. But that’s the reality of things. And if we want to change anything (childhood Obesity?) we need to understand both sides of the issue.
Does that surprise you? What do you think? Knowing that, do you think different strategies should be put in place to counter the “obesity epidemic”?
