Untitled Document
 
Editor’s Note:  Some books  merely move you, but this one moves through all five senses. Diane Ackerman is the  author of A Natural History of the Senses,  Random House, 1990. The national bestseller is the sixth book from the  award-winning author. This chapter is reprinted with permission from the author.
 
Copyright 1990 by Diane Ackerman
Reprinted  by permission of William Morris Agency, LLC on behalf of the Author.  For a copy of this  award-winning book, go here , and learn more at www.dianeackerman.com .
 
Why Leaves Turn Color in the Fall
 
By Diane Ackerman
            The stealth of autumn catches one  unaware.  Was that a goldfinch perching  in the early-September woods or just the first turning leaf?  A red-winged blackbird or a sugar maple  closing up shop for the winter?  Keen-eyed as leopards,  we stand  still and squint hard,  looking for signs  of movement.  Early morning frost sits  heavily on the grass,  and turns barbed  wire into a string of stars.  On a  distant hill,  a small square of yellow  appears to be a room where the light has been turned on.  At last the truth dawns on us:  fall is staggering in,  right on schedule,  with its baggage of chilly nights,  macabre holidays,  and spectacular,  heart-stoppingly beautiful leaves.  Soon the leaves will start cringing on the  trees,  and roll up in clenched fists  before they actually fall off.  Dry  seedpods will rattle like tiny gourds.  But first there will be weeks of gushing color so bright,  so pastel,  so confetti-like,  that people  will travel up and down the eastern coast just to stare at it--  a whole season of leaves.
      Where do the colors come from?  Sunlight rules most living things with its  golden edicts.  When the days begin to  shorten,  soon after the summer solstice  (June 21),  a tree reconsiders its  leaves.  All summer it feeds them so they  can process sunlight,  but in the dog  days of summer the tree begins pulling nutrients back into its trunk and  roots,  pares down,  and gradually  chokes off its leaves.  A corky  layer of cells forms at the leaves' slender petioles,  then scars over.  Undernourished, the leaves stop producing the  pigment chlorophyll and photosynthesis ceases.  Animals can migrate,  hibernate,  or store food to  prepare for winter.  But where can a tree  go?  It survives by dropping its  leaves,  and by the end of autumn only a  few fragile threads of fluid-carrying xylem hold leaves to their stems.
        A turning leaf stays partly green at  first,  then reveals splotches of yellow  and red as the chlorophyll gradually breaks down.  Dark green seems to stay longest in the  veins,  outlining and defining them.  During the summer,  chlorophyll dissolves in the heat and light,  but it is also being steadily replaced.  In the fall,  on the other hand,  no new pigment  is produced,  and so we notice the other  colors that were always there,  right in  the leaf,  although chlorophyll's  shocking green hid them from view.  With  their camouflage gone,  we see these  colors for the first time all year and marvel,  but they were always there,  hidden like a vivid secret beneath the hot glowing greens of summer.
         The most spectacular range of fall  foliage occurs in the northeastern United States and in Eastern China,  where the leaves are robustly colored,  thanks in part to a rich climate.  European maples don't achieve the same  flaming reds as their American relatives,  which thrive on cold nights and sunny days.  In Europe,  the warm humid weather turns the leaves brown or mildly yellow.  Anthocyanin,  the pigment that gives apples their red,  and also turns leaves red or red-violet,  is produced by sugars that remain in the leaf after the supply of  nutrients dwindles.  Unlike the  carotenes,  which color carrots,  squash,  corn,  etc.,  and turn leaves orange and yellow,  anthocyanin varies from year to year,  depending on the temperature and amount of  sunlight.  So,  the fiercest colors occur in years when the  fall sunlight is strongest and the nights are cool and dry  (a state of grace scientists find vexing to  forecast).  This is also why leaves  appear dizzyingly bright and clear on a sunny fall day:  the anthocyanin flashes like a marquee.
       Not all leaves turn the same colors.  Elms,  weeping willows,  and the ancient  ginkgo all grow radiant yellow,  along  with hickories,  aspens,  bottlebrush buckeyes,  cottonweeds,  and tall,  keening poplars.  Basswood turns bronze,  birches bright gold.  Water-loving maples put on a symphonic  display of scarlets.  Sumacs turn red,  too,  as do flowering dogwoods,  black gums and sweet gums.  Though some oaks yellow,  most turn a pinkish brown.  The farmlands change color, too,   as tepees of cornstalks and bales of shredded-wheat-textured  hay stand drying in the fields.  In some  spots,  one slope of a hill may be green  and the other already in color,  because  the hillside facing south gets more sun and heat than the northern one.
       An odd feature of the colors is that  they don't seem to have any special purpose.  We are predisposed to respond to their beauty,  of course.  They shimmer with the colors of sunset,  spring flowers,  the tawny buff of  a colt's pretty rump,  the shuddering  pink of a blush.  Animals and flowers  color for a reason-- adaptation to their environment.  But there is no adaptive reason for leaves to  color so beautifully in the fall any more than there is for the sky or ocean to  be blue.  It's just one of the haphazard  marvels the planet dishes out every year.  We find the sizzling colors thrilling,  and in a sense they dupe us.  Colored like living things,  they  signal death and disintegration.  In  time,  they will become fragile and,  like the body,  return to dust.  They are as we hope our own fate will be when  we die.  Not to vanish,  just to sublime from one beautiful state to  another.  Though they lose their green  life,  they bloom with urgent  colors,  as the woods grow mummified day  by day,  and Nature becomes more  carnal,  mute and radiant.
       We call the season  fall,  from the Old English faellan,  to  fall,  which leads back through time to  the Indo-European phol,  to fall.  So the word and the idea is extremely  ancient,  and hasn't really changed since  the first of our kind needed a name for its leafy abundance.  As we say the word,  we're reminded of that other fall in the  garden of Eden,  when fig leaves never  withered and scales fell from our eyes.  Fall is the time when leaves fall from the trees,  just as spring is when flowers spring  up,  summer is when we simmer,  and winter is when we whine from the cold.
        Children like to play in piles of  leaves,  hurling them into the air like  confetti,  leaping into soft unruly  mattresses of them.  For children,  leaf fall is just one of the odder figments  of Nature,  like hailstones,  or snowflakes.  Walk down a lane overhung with trees in the  never-neverland of autumn,  and you will  forget about time and death,  lost in the  sheer delicious spill of color.  Adam and  Eve concealed their nakedness with a leaf,  remember?  Leaves have always  hidden our awkward secrets.
         But how do the colored leaves  fall?  As a leaf ages,  the growth hormone auxin fades,  and cells at the base of the petiole  divide.  Two or three rows of small  cells,  lying at right angles to the axis  of the petiole,  react with water,  then come apart,  leaving the petioles hanging on by only a few  threads of xylem.  A light breeze and the  leaves are airborne.  They glide and  swoop,  rocking in invisible  cradles.  They are all wing and may  flutter from yard to yard on small whirlwinds or updrafts,  swiveling as they go.  Firmly tethered to earth,  we love to see things rise up and fly.  Soap bubbles,  balloons,  birds,  fall leaves.  They remind us that the end of a season is capricious,  as is the end of life.  We especially like the way they rock,  careen,  and swoop as they fall.  Everyone  knows the motion.  Pilots sometimes do a  maneuver called  "a falling  leaf,"  in which the plane loses  altitude quickly and on purpose,  by  slipping first to the right,  then to the  left.  The machine weighs a ton or  more,  but in one pilot's mind it is a  weightless thing,  a falling leaf.  She has seen the motion before,  in the Vermont woods where she played as  a child.  Below her the trees radiate gold,  copper and red.  Leaves are  falling,  although she can't see them  fall,  as she falls,  swooping down for a closer view.
         At last the leaves leave.  But first they turn color and thrill us for  weeks on end.  Then they crunch and  crackle underfoot.  They  "shush,"  as children drag their small feet through  leaves heaped along the curb.  Dark slimy  mats of leaves cling to one's heels after a rain.  A damp stucco-like mortar of semi-decayed  leaves protects the tender shoots with a roof until spring,  and makes a rich humus.  In leafy mounds,  an occasional bulge or ripple signals a shrew  or a field mouse tunneling out of sight.  Sometimes one finds in fossil stones the imprint of a leaf,  long since disintegrated,  whose outlines remind us how detailed,  vibrant,  and alive are the things of this earth which perish.
 
