Lab # _____ : Identifying Pigments in a Green Leaf                                   Date _______________
Introduction
In an actively growing plant, leaves are generally green. The green color of most leaves is caused by the
presence of the pigment chlorophyll. Chlorophyll absorbs light energy in the red and blue regions of the
spectrum but reflects light in the yellow and green regions. The reflected light is what reaches our eyes, so we
see the leaf as green. However, most leaves contain other pigments that are hidden by the vast amount of
chlorophyll. In this lab you will use a technique known as paper chromatography to separate the pigments
found in green spinach leaves. Once the pigments are separated, you will be able to tell what other pigments are
present in the leaf besides the chlorophyll.
Procedure
1. Carefully cut a piece of chromatography paper. Be careful to handle the paper only by the edges. Touching
the paper with your hands may leave oily residues that will affect the movement of the materials you wish to
separate.
2. Place the chromatography paper on a clean sheet of white paper at your lab station.
3. Using a pencil (NOT A PEN!), draw a line across the paper about 2 cm from the bottom.
4. Lay a spinach leaf over the line and roll a penny over the leaf. Try to roll the penny exactly where the line
is drawn.
5. Move the leaf so that a fresh section is over the line and repeat #4. Continue this procedure until you have a
dark green line of plant pigments over your pencil line.
6. Once your line of pigment is prepared, obtain a chromatography tube and fill with about 1 cm of solvent.
7. Carefully place your paper into the tube so that the bottom of the paper is in the solvent, but the line of color
is NOT in the solvent.
8. Watch the paper as the solvent is absorbed and moves up the paper. When the solvent has almost reached
the top of the paper, remove the paper and return it to the clean piece of white paper.
9. Immediately draw a line with a pencil to show the farthest point reached by the solvent. This line is called
the solvent front.
10. Let the paper dry then tape it onto your lab handout.
Analysis
1. When your chromatography paper has dried, tape it onto the space provided in your lab handout. This
finished paper is called a chromatogram..
2. Lightly outline each spot of color with a pencil.
3. Use the formula on the attached sheet to calculate the Rf value for each spot you have circled.
4. Compare the Rf value and the color of each of the spots on your chromatogram to the Rf values and colors
of common leaf pigments listed on the attached sheet. Using these comparisons try to identify each of the
pigments you have circled on your chromatogram. Write the name of the pigment beside each spot.
Questions
1. Based on color and the order in which they moved, what pigments did you find in the spinach leaf extract?
2. With the decreasing amount of light available in the fall, the chlorophyll in the leaves of many trees breaks
down and is not replaced. Use this fact along with your results help to explain why leave of some trees
change color in the fall.
Related docs
