Obvious Questions in Science: Why are leaves green?
25 Apr 2011  by Danielle, No Comments »
Sorry to have missed last week–I started a second job and ran out of time for the blog! I won’t let it happen again, if I can help it, promise.
Springtime is on my mind, even if it’s barely existent here (I would really prefer it if it warmed up a little and started acting like the season it purports to be). There are some brave little leaf buds that are peeking out from the trees, pale and green, so I thought I’d address why leaves are the color they are. Namely, green.
First of all, let’s talk about why we see things the colors they are. All colors we see are reflected wavelengths of light. Our eyes only see a certain range of wavelengths, from 390 to 750 nanometers. There are lots of other wavelengths of light, of course: the smaller ones get into UV, x-rays, and gamma rays, and the larger ones get into infrared, microwave, and radio waves. Most of the light we get is from the sun, which emits light across the spectrum. Color is reflected light of a certain wavelength: light of all wavelengths hits the object in question, then certain wavelengths are absorbed while others are reflected. The wavelength of the reflected light determines which color we see; red is the longest reflected wavelength, and violet is the shortest reflected wavelength.
So, we can determine that leaves are green because they reflect light in the green spectrum, namely about 560 to 490 nanometers. That’s the most basic answer. But that only tells us why leaves appear green, not why they reflect that particular wavelength in the first place. For that, let’s go to some plant biology. We all learned at a young age that plants produce chlorophyll, which allows them to perform photosynthesis. The chlorophyll is what provides the green pigment in leaves. So the heart of our question is this: why is chlorophyll green? Why green and not blue, or yellow, or red?
Chlorophyll absorbs light most strongly in the blue portion of the spectrum, and then some in the red portion as well. It doesn’t absorb well in the green portion of the spectrum, hence why it appears green to us. Chlorophyll is a damn complex molecule, but each type of chlorophyll contains a magnesium atom surrounded by four nitrogen atoms. This particular structure is what’s responsible for capturing the red and blue portions of the spectrum.
(image from Wikipedia )
The better question here is why not green? The peak of the sun’s output lies in the yellow-green portion of the spectrum, so why does chlorophyll kick out the most abundant bits? Well, there’s no hard and fast answer for this one. It’s speculated that it’s an evolutionary advantage. Early in the history of life on earth, the oceans were dominated by a type of bacteria called archaea, most of which had a purplish pigment that was involved in a process kind of like photosynthesis (ie, they absorbed everything but purple). When algae started coming along, they would have found it beneficial to reflect a color that wasn’t purple. There are other types of accessory pigments that plants use, and the old archaea still exist in really extreme environments.
So in asking why leaves are green, we’re actually asking questions about the molecular structure of chlorophyll, as well as the evolutionary reason behind the existence of the molecule. Funny how the simple questions can get really scientific really fast, huh?
Sources:
