8 References
Changes from Pokémon Red and Green
Players can now play as a female character as an alternative to the male character that was the only option in Generation I .
As in all Generation III games , Pokémon now have natures , Abilities , and genders and can hold items .
A resume feature was introduced, allowing players to remember the four most important events they achieved in the games the last time they were played. Once the Elite Four has been defeated, the resume feature displays the last four notable things the player has done recently instead of showing a specific event.
A game introduction feature, which explains the controls of the game, was added. This feature continued to appear in further games, except in Emerald .
A help feature was added that can be activated by pressing the L or R button on the console. There is also another help feature in the form of the Teachy TV , which is given by an old man in Viridian City .
When entering certain locations, such as Viridian Forest or Diglett's Cave , an image of the location appears.
Magnemite and Magneton now are Electric / Steel , as they have been since Generation II . In the original Red and Green games, they were pure Electric-type .
Pokémon retain their Generation II and III evolutionary lines (e.g. Golbat can evolve into Crobat ) but cannot evolve into these new stages until after the player has obtained the National Pokédex . Eevee is the only exception to this since Espeon and Umbreon cannot be obtained due to the lack of a clock system in the game and trading between the other Generation III games is required to obtain them.
A new southern region, the Sevii Islands , is accessible, where Generation II Pokémon can be caught. Notably, most of these Pokémon cannot be found in Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire , and Emerald .
Team Rocket has an expanded role in the game's post-Elite Four storyline, with a new base in the Sevii Islands.
Battles with the wild legendary Pokémon Articuno , Zapdos , Moltres , and Mewtwo feature a remixed battle theme. In addition, Moltres has moved from its original location in Victory Road to Mt. Ember . Cerulean Cave , where Mewtwo resides, now requires Rock Smash for navigation, and it cannot be entered until after the post-game mission in the Sevii Islands has been completed.
One of Johto 's legendary beasts ( Raikou , Entei , or Suicune ) will roam around Kanto after defeating the Elite Four and obtaining the National Pokédex. The beast that appears is the one that has a type advantage over the player's starter Pokémon .
Version-exclusive Pokémon and wild Pokémon distribution have been altered from the original games to account for new evolutions released in Generation II .
Pokémon can breed in the Pokémon Day Care in Four Island . The daycare on Route 5 remains, but it is still limited to only caring for one Pokémon at a time.
The Ability Pickup has been modified from Ruby and Sapphire , which also includes that some of the Berries from those versions can be picked up in FireRed and LeafGreen. This is due to the inability to grow Berries in Kanto . The other Berries can only be collected by trading Pokémon from those versions as well as Emerald .
A man appears in the Cerulean City Pokémon Center and will help create Berry Powder via Berry Crush . This powder can then be exchanged for rare and valuable items.
Trainers outdoors can be rebattled using the Vs. Seeker .
Information on major characters such as Gym Leaders is recorded in the Fame Checker .
Three additional aides for Professor Oak have been added to reward the player with items that were introduced in Generations II and III, while a returning aid now gives out the Exp. Share , the upgraded version of the Generation I item Exp. All .
Pokémon movelists are updated to include moves introduced in Generation II and Generation III .
The TM list is shared with other Generation III games. In addition, Move Tutors become available to teach moves formerly contained in Generation I TMs.
The Elite Four can be rebattled and acquire Generation II Pokémon on their teams after the Sevii Islands quest has been completed.
Blast Burn , Frenzy Plant , and Hydro Cannon are available as Move Tutor moves at Cape Brink on Two Island .They can only be taught to the final evolved form of the player's starter Pokémon or other members of that same species.
There is a new minigame corner, the Joyful Game Corner on Boon Island , where players can connect together, along with Emerald , and can play multiplayer minigames over the wireless communication system . This feature becomes usable after the events at Kin Island .
In non-Japanese versions, dialogue is colored blue or red depending on whether the speaker is male or female, respectively. Text from other sources, such as signs, remains black.
The music has been remixed to take advantage of the Game Boy Advance 's power; however, the themes themselves remain the same.
However, the Power Plant background music has been changed. In the original games, it played the Rocket Hideout theme, while in FireRed and LeafGreen, it plays the Pokémon Mansion theme.
In the original games while battling the Elite Four , only the battle with Lance used the Gym Leader background music; the standard Trainer background music was used for the other three Elite Four members. However, in FireRed and LeafGreen, the Gym Leader background music is used for all four Elite Four members.
Ponyta and Magmar (LeafGreen only) have been moved to new locations. Ponyta is now located on One Island's Kindle Road , and Magmar is now at Mt. Ember . In Generation I, they were both found in the Pokémon Mansion on Cinnabar Island .
Deoxys debuts two new forms: Attack Forme (FireRed) and Defense Forme (LeafGreen), which appear exclusively in the respective games.
Cerulean Cave in these games is very heavily similar to the one in the original Pokémon Red and Green , which was never released outside of Japan. The only difference is the Generation III addition of Rock Smash boulders.
Plot
Spoiler warning: this article may contain major plot or ending details.
The battle screen
The plot essentially follows the same storyline as Generation I , with the player beginning in Pallet Town . After meeting Professor Oak while trying to leave for Route 1 , both the player and his or her rival are asked by Oak to choose a starter Pokémon , Bulbasaur , Charmander , or Squirtle , from the desk near him. Oak allows the player to choose first and the rival quickly gets jealous, chooses the starter whose type weakens that of the player's, and challenges the player to a battle .
After the battle has ended, Oak allows the two new Trainers to leave for their journey across Kanto . Stopping off in Viridian City 's Poké Mart , the player will find that a package has come in for the professor, and the clerk asks that it be delivered to him. After this has been completed, the professor gives two Pokédexes , one for the player, and one for the rival, away to them, and sends them on their way. Viridian has a Gym; however, it is locked.
From here, the player has their first encounter with other Trainers, on Route 2 and in Viridian Forest , and their first encounter with a Gym Leader : Brock the Rock-type Gym Leader of Pewter City . After his defeat, journeying along Route 3 and through Mt. Moon brings the player face to face with the regional villainous team , Team Rocket attempting to extract rare Fossils from the cave. Their defeat allows the player to continue through the cave and onto Route 4 , which leads directly into Cerulean City , where another Gym is. This one, however, is run by Misty , and specializes on Water-type Pokémon. To the north, as well, there are two routes leading up to Bill 's cottage, where he will give the player a ticket for the S.S. Anne , a luxury ship moored in Vermilion Harbor and filled with Trainers. Taking a shortcut through a house burglarized by Team Rocket, the player finally arrives at Route 5 .
After traveling down Routes 5 and 6 , using the Underground Path to bypass Saffron City , the player finally arrives in Vermilion . This city is home to another Pokémon Gym; however, the way to it is blocked by a small tree. The only thing to do is to show the ticket to the Sailor guarding the harbor, allowing entry into the S.S. Anne. It is here, after assisting the captain with his seasickness, that the player will obtain the first of the seven Hidden Machines available in the game, containing Cut . With this, and the Cascade Badge , the tree blocking the way to Vermilion Gym can be easily cut through, and Lt. Surge , a Gym Leader specializing in Electric-types , can be challenged. From here, Route 11 beckons, as does Diglett's Cave , through which is the only way to get back to Route 2 , and a second HM, containing Flash . The player takes a brief detour to Pewter City's museum's back entrance which was previously blocked due to a Cut-able tree, which can now easily be bypassed. The player obtains the Old Amber in the museum. Heading back to Diglett's Cave, and to Vermilion, the player must go to Cerulean and to the east, onto Route 9 and towards the Rock Tunnel .
Rock Tunnel, a still undeveloped natural tunnel between the sections of Route 10 , is pitch black inside; for this reason, Flash is recommended, but not required, for navigation of it. Finally reaching Lavender Town , the only town in Kanto without a Pokémon Gym besides Pallet, there is not much to do; the local Pokémon Tower is haunted. From here, Route 8 leads to Saffron City, but it again must be bypassed by way of another Underground Path , which has its other entrance on Route 7 , on the west side of Saffron. Celadon City , the home of the fourth Gym, specializing in Grass-type Pokémon is just a short walk further. Like the Vermilion Gym, the Celadon Gym also has a small tree blocking the way to its entrance, and an old man outside.
The Rocket Game Corner in Celadon is not what it appears to be. In fact, the Game Corner itself is merely the above ground portion of a sprawling underground complex: the Rocket Hideout . The Team Rocket boss, Giovanni, appears for the first time here, and after his defeat, flees, leaving behind a Silph Scope. A Silph Scope is required to fully navigate the Pokémon Tower inside of Lavender Town that the player encountered earlier.
After this, the Pokémon Tower can be navigated, and the ghosts haunting it are revealed to be Gastly and Haunter . In front of the stairs to the final floor, blocking the way, is also a final spirit, that of a deceased Marowak that was killed by Team Rocket when they captured her child. Making it all the way to the top reveals Mr. Fuji held hostage by Team Rocket grunts, who will leave when they are defeated. Fuji gives away the Poké Flute , and with that, the Snorlax blocking Route 11 and Route 16 can finally be moved away. Another HM, containing Fly , can be obtained easily by cutting away a tree blocking the northern section of Route 16.
Now the player is presented with a choice of how to get to Fuchsia City . Traveling down either way the Snorlax are blocking, a faster way via Routes 16, 17 , and 18 on Cycling Road , or down the Silence Bridge of Routes 12 , 13 , 14 , and 15 , inevitably brings one to the southernmost city in continental Kanto, Fuchsia City , home of Koga of the Poisonous Fuchsia Gym and the Kanto Safari Zone . The Safari Zone is currently running a contest: the person to reach a specific rest house first will win yet another HM, containing Surf . Finding the Safari Zone Warden 's Gold Teeth also will have him reward the player with the final of Kanto's HMs, containing Strength .
The player then goes back to either Celadon City or Lavender Town , encountering the other Snorlax on the way back. After stopping off at the Celadon Mansion and getting some Tea , Saffron City can finally be entered. However, Team Rocket is guarding almost every door in the city, including that of the local Pokémon Gym! One of the open buildings however, is the unofficial Fighting-type Pokémon Gym. After the player defeats the Fighting Dojo, he/she is entitled to either a Hitmonchan or a Hitmonlee . The city's centerpiece building, Silph Co. 's headquarters, has also been infiltrated by the organization, and at the top, waiting in the boardroom, is the Team Rocket Boss, Giovanni , appearing for a second time, demanding that the president give him the Master Ball that the company had developed. After his defeat, he flees.
After Team Rocket clears out of Saffron City , all buildings previously blocked are now open, as well as the Gym. The Gym Leader, Sabrina , specializes in Psychic-types . The floor, as well, is covered in warp tiles that make it difficult to navigate. After Sabrina's defeat, the player makes his/her way back to Fuchsia City again, and heads out to obtain the rest of the Badges.
With six Badges in hand, and five HMs in the TM Case , finally the player can adventure onto the open sea of Routes 19 and 20 . A short way across them, of course, is a minor obstacle: the Seafoam Islands . After they have been navigated through, the player can continue on Route 20 to Cinnabar Island , home of Blaine 's Fire-type Gym. There are also several more facilities on the island, including one that actually revives Pokémon Fossils . After Blaine's defeat, Bill shows up again, because he needs help in a small region south of Kanto, the Sevii Islands . If the player accepts, the Seagallop Ferry will travel to One Island , where a friend of Bill's, Celio , is attempting to connect the islands' PC system to that of Kanto. During this, there is also a crisis in Two Island , where the daughter of the owner of the Joyful Game Corner has gone missing, and in Three Island where a group of invading Bikers are causing trouble. After defeating them and finding the lost girl, Lostelle , who is in Berry Forest , Bill and the player will return to Kanto, where the final Gym, that of Viridian City, lies.
Finally unlocked, the Gym, whose leader specializes in Ground-types , is revealed to be none other than the boss of Team Rocket himself, Giovanni ! After his defeat, he vows to disband Team Rocket and disappears. Now with eight Badges, all that lies ahead is the Pokémon League at the Indigo Plateau , conveniently at the end of Route 23 .
The Elite Four await challengers, those who have proven themselves worthy by getting all eight Badges and making it through Victory Road will face them, in order. Lorelei , who trains Ice-type Pokémon is first, followed by Bruno , whose specialty is Fighting , Agatha , whose specialty is Ghost , and finally Lance , who specializes in Dragon-types . After defeating these four, the reigning Pokémon Champion challenges the player to a final battle, and the Champion is none other than the player's own rival! After his defeat, Oak arrives and tells the player that they won because they care better for their Pokémon, and the player's current party are added to the Hall of Fame .
Postgame
After the credits roll, the player is back in Pallet Town. Professor Oak will have the player come to his lab to check on the Pokédex, and if the player has caught at least 60 Pokémon, will upgrade it and ask for the player to return to the Sevii Islands to encounter Pokémon Oak has never before seen.
There is some more work that Celio needs to do on his network machine, as he wishes to link to yet another region . The signal, however, is not strong enough, and he needs the Ruby and the Sapphire, two items found in the Sevii Islands, to strengthen it. The Ruby is found deep in a cave in Mt. Ember , which Team Rocket grunts have been seen fooling around with. The Sapphire lies at the deepest part of the Dotted Hole in Ruin Valley . The Ruby can be given to Celio without a hitch; however, the Sapphire, when found, is stolen by a Scientist named Gideon , who takes it back to Team Rocket's warehouse in the Five Isle Meadow . By infiltrating the warehouse and defeating the remaining Rocket Admins, they realize that Giovanni has disbanded Team Rocket. They do, however, vow to return one day , and bring Team Rocket back to its glory. Gideon reluctantly gives back the Sapphire, and after this, trades are possible with the Hoenn -based Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire , and Emerald . The Elite Four can once again be challenged, and their Pokémon are 12 levels higher, as well as some of them possessing new Pokémon. Cerulean Cave , as well, is now open, and the powerful Mewtwo can be found there.
Version exclusives
The following Pokémon are only obtainable in one game of this pair. In order to obtain Pokémon exclusive to the other game of this pair, they must be traded either from that game or from another compatible game of Generation III which has that Pokémon available. In addition, several Generation II Pokémon and a majority of Generation III Pokémon must be traded from a Hoenn -based game (Only two Generation III Pokémon, Azurill and Wynaut , can be obtained in FireRed and LeafGreen).
FireRed
