Gyokuro - How to Make Green Tea
How to Make Green Tea
See Our Catalog of Japanese Green Tea and Matcha
 
Step-By-Step Instructions on How to Make Green Tea
 
First, you will need a teapot. Japanese green tea is compact and needs room to expand. Tea balls do not work well at all. You'll be much better off using a Japanese teapot that was designed with green tea  in mind. In this case, we are going to use a houhin teapot (seen above) to make a light steamed green tea . This type of teapot would not really be appropriate for a deep steamed green tea (Fukamushi-cha) as the leaf particles are too fine - be sure to use the appropriate type of teapot! There are teapots which can be used  to make just about any type of green tea, however.
Step 1. The first thing you will want to know is how much water your teapot and teacups will hold. This will help you determine the proper  leaf-to-water ratio you will need. Fill your teacup(s) up and then pour the contents into a measuring cup.
Step 2. Heat your water.  This is where most mistakes are made. The proper brewing temperature for most sencha green tea is between  70C ~ 80C (158 F ~ 176 F) degrees. Note that this is much lower than boiling point of water which is 100C (212F). Will 10 degrees make a difference? Yes!
There are several things to consider when determining the right temperature. First, the water temperature you start with. Then, each time you transfer water from one vessel to another the temperature changes. These factors must be taken into consideration when learning how to make green tea and you can use them to your advantage.
Speaking of water... Good quality water is essential. You can easily be doing everything "right" and ruin your results by using poor water. Tap water almost never makes good green tea. Bottled mineral water is usually quite good.
Start by heating water to the point where it is simmering but not boiling. Here we are starting off with water that is 90 C (194 F). That's too hot to brew green tea directly, we need to cool that down first.
The hot water is first poured into the empty teapot and allowed to sit for a minute or two. This will simultaniously drop the water temperature to about 80 C (176 F) and pre-heat the teapot.
Step 3 - Pour hot water from teapot into the empty teacup(s). This will simultaneously cool your water further, pre-heat the teacups, and it will also let you measure out exactly the right amount of water you are going to use. Toss out any remaining water from the teapot.
Step 4 - While we are waiting for the water to cool a bit more, let's measure out some  leaf for our infusion.
Proportion of tea to water...Generally speaking (and it can  vary)  use .6 grams (dry weight) of sencha leaf for each 30 ml (one fluid ounce) of water.
 
