Barnett, Mo. 65011-3009
What is the difference between red and yellow tomatoes?
Besides color, yellow tomatoes have a slightly higher pH (lower acidity) than most red tomato cultivars.
 
My tomato leaves are dying from the bottom of the plant up. What could be the cause?
One likely cause is early blight. Early blight is a fungus that attacks the tomato leaves and fruit beginning in June in Missouri. A distinguishing characteristic of early blight is the lesions on the leaves and stems. Early blight lesions have a distinct "bulls-eye" appearance. To control this disease, stake and mulch the tomatoes, increase plant spacing to reduce humidity around the plant and remove some of the lower leaves.
 
My tomatoes are wilting. What could be some possible causes?
Tomatoes can exhibit wilting from several factors including:
Verticillium wilt
Most new tomato cultivars have resistance to verticillium wilt. More of a problem in cooler weather.
Fusarium wilt
One side of the plant exhibits wilting symptoms first. Fusarium wilt is more prevalent in warmer weather.
Nematodes
Soil-borne roundworms that attack the root system of tomatoes preventing nutrient and water uptake.
Tomato spotted wilt virus
This disease is transmitted by thrips with distinct leaf and fruit lesions accompanied by wilting.
Walnut wilt
If tomatoes are planted close to walnut trees or related species including butternut and pecan, a chemical (juglone) released by these trees will induce wilting of tomatoes.
Waterlogged soil
Sometimes when a soil gets waterlogged and the soil temperatures are high, it causes wilting of the plant.
What are the advantages of staking tomatoes?
Staking of tomatoes improves light interception, reduces diseases and sunscalding, and increases yields of tomatoes.
 
Why do tomatoes get a black spot on the bottom of the fruit?
The black spot on the bottom or blossom end of the tomato is called blossom end rot. Blossom end rot is a problem in dry, hot weather. Make sure that your pH is adequate (6 to 6.5), and the tomatoes are evenly watered.
 
What are husk tomatoes?
Also known as ground cherry, the husk tomato is an annual vine that produces a green-yellow fruit within a papery husk. The fruit can be used for preserves or sauces.
 
Warm-season vegetable
I am growing my watermelons next to my cantaloupes. Will they cross-pollinate?
No. Cantaloupes and watermelons are in the same family but they are a different genus and species. Therefore, they will not cross-pollinate. I recommend that you grow cantaloupes away from your watermelons for disease control. Cantaloupes will get many leaf diseases that could spread to watermelons.
 
My cantaloupes have not set any fruit. Why?
Cantaloupes are cross-pollinated by bees. If you do not have good bee activity, pollination and fruit set are reduced.
 
What's the secret for growing good-tasting melons?
The taste of watermelon and cantaloupe is determined by the concentration of sugars. Sugars are produced by photosynthesis in the leaves. So it is extremely important to keep the vines healthy and well fertilized.
 
How do I control cucumber beetles?
Cucumber beetles are a significant problem in production of cucurbit vegetables. These insects do the most significant damage to cantaloupes 2 to 4 weeks after transplanting or seeding. Row covers can be used until female flowers form. They must be removed to allow for pollination. Interplanting radishes may repel cucumber beetles. Application of insecticides to trap crops planted earlier than your main crop can provide control.
 
What are seedless watermelons?
Seedless watermelons are formed by cross-pollinating a seeded cultivar (with two sets of chromosomes) with a treated cultivar that has four sets of chromosomes. The resulting offspring from this cross is called a triploid seedless. This seed is planted as a seedless watermelon and is cross-pollinated with a seeded cultivar to produce a seedless fruit. You must have a seeded cultivar in order for the seedless to produce a fruit.
 
How do I determine if my watermelon is ready to harvest?
You can look at several factors:
Thumping the fruit will produce a hollow metallic sound when the fruit is ripe.
The ground spot (where the melon rested on the soil) will turn yellow.
The tendril will be dried next to the stem.
 
Vine collapse of cantaloupe can be caused by diseases or failure of the plant to establish a deep root system.
 
When is the best time of the day to transplant vegetables?
Afternoon to evening, because the transplant will be exposed to less heat and stress.
 
Should I use treated wood to make my raised bed?
Do not use railroad ties because creosote vapors can be toxic to plants. Treated lumber should not be in direct contact with a root vegetable like potatoes or beets. You could line your bed with a landscape fabric for protection.
 
Should I plant the vegetable seeds I had left over from planting last season's garden?
In general, if the seeds have been stored well, many of them will germinate fairly well the second year. Expect reduced germination, however, so plant thicker than suggested. If good germination results, thin seedlings appropriately. Many garden seeds may be kept for 2 years or even longer in a cool, dry location. Place in a tight jar or can to keep them dry. Seeds that lose vigor most rapidly in storage include sweet corn, lettuce, okra, onion, parsley, parsnip and salsify.
 
What is the best kind of manure for the garden?
Cattle, horse or swine manures containing straw are the best. Cattle and pig manure contains 5 to 10 pounds of nitrogen per ton. Poultry and sheep manure have higher levels of nitrogen and may supply more nitrogen than needed early in the season. Whatever manure is used, don't apply fresh manure to the garden before planting. It is preferable to compost the manure for about a year before using. It may also be plowed under in late summer for planting a garden the following spring.
 
Can I apply too much lime to the garden?
Yes. Most vegetables grow best in soils slightly acid. Excess liming can make the soil too alkaline, which reduces the availability of some nutrients and reduces plant growth.
 
Are wood ashes harmful to the garden?
No. Wood ashes supply potassium as well as some other nutrients to the soil. They also make the soil more alkaline. Have your garden soil tested every 5 years to determine pH. Don't use wood ashes when pH readings are above 7.0.
 
How much cattle or barnyard manure can be used on the garden?
It is generally safe to use composted manures at a rate of 50 to 100 pounds per 100 square feet of garden.
 
Is it safe to add sawdust (shavings, other wood products) to the garden?
Yes. However, it is better to have these products composted for a year before addition. Wood products, especially when fresh, tie up nitrogen so plants may become starved. When wood products are added, additional nitrogen is necessary. A nitrogen fertilizer such as ammonium nitrate (34-0-0) may be added at about 3/4 cup per bushel of sawdust, or 27 pounds per 1,000 square feet of area with a layer of sawdust 1 inch deep added. Sawdust is excellent for improving the structure of the soil.
G6400, reviewed September 2005
My cantaloupe vines have set a lot of fruit, but the vines have collapsed. Why?
 
