Eat leaves only when you are positive they are edible and non-toxic
Do not eat leaves growing on the side of the road.
Introduce leaves into your diet the way you would new foods to a baby - one at a time in small quantities.
Avoid leaves with white milky sap. It is often an indicator of toxic alkaloids
Q. What is the best way to cook greens?
A. Generally, greens retain the best combination of color, texture, and nutritional value when they are cooked very quickly at a high temperature. Stir frying is good because a temperature higher than that of boiling water is used and pieces are cut quite small. Microwave ovens also cook greens very quickly and don't allow water soluble vitamins to be lost in cooking water. To retain the brightest color, greens must pass as quickly as possible through the temperature range of 150° - 170° F. (66° - 77° C.). Within this temperature range the enzyme chlorophyllase, which breaks down the green pigment chlorophyll, is most active. Putting leaves in a large volume of boiling water is good for color but bad for losing water soluble vitamins.
Q. What is the best way to preserve leaves?
A. From a nutritional point of view, freezing is probably the best and canning the worst. Drying leaves is excellent if it is done well. That is at about 120° F (50° C), with a good flow of air, and out of direct sunlight. Dried leaves can be ground to a fine leaf meal which is more versatile in recipes than other forms of greens.
Even more versatile, though significantly more difficult to prepare, is dried leaf concentrate. Leaf concentrate is made by pressing the juice from pulped fresh green leaves and coagulating that juice by heating it quickly to the boiling point. The curd that floats to the top of the heated juice is pressed and crumbled, then dried in the same manner described above. Almost all of the fiber is removed by this process making a product with very different texture than the greens. Leaf concentrate can only be made from certain leaf crops, as the juice from many will not coagulate well.
Some cultures make fermented products from leaves to preserve them. These include the relatively well known sauerkraut and kim chi, and more obscure products, such as kawal , made from fermented cassia leaves in parts of Africa. While the fermentation process improves the digestibility of some nutrients, generally fermented leaf products are excessively high in salt and have lost much of the initial vitamin content of the greens. They are often so strongly flavored that they are used in small quantities to spice up other foods.
Q. What is leaf concentrate or leaf protein and how is it different from dried green leaf powder?
A. Leaf powder is the whole leaf dried with the stems sifted out. Leaf concentrate or leaf protein, as it was originally called, is made by coagulating juice pressed from certain green leaves. Virtually all of the fiber has been removed. Leaf concentrate is a more expensive product made by a more complex process. Leaf concentrate is extremely rich in nutrients and is about 55% protein when dried. It is an excellent food for rehabilitating malnourished children. Dried leaf powder is much easier to make at home and is intended for day to day use by people trying to maintain basically good health.
Q. Can I just dry leaves in the sun?
A. No. Beta-carotene is quickly destroyed by exposure to direct sunlight. It is much better to dry leaves in a simple solar dryer with a covering that captures the heat of the sun without allowing the sun's ultraviolet rays to pass. Greenhouse grade polyethylene film is excellent for this. A 6 mil thick ultraviolet blocking film rated for three years costs under US $ 0.10 per square foot (about US $1.0 per square meter). This and other ultraviolet blocking glazing that will work for solar dryers is sold by several greenhouse supply companies. Unfortunately they often sell only very large sheets. For example, Rough Bros in Cinncinati (1-800- 543-7351) sells a 25 ' X 100' sheet of 6 mil 3 year poly for US $ 145.00 plus shipping.
Q. Isn't it easier to get people to take vitamin capsules or to fortify common foods with lacking nutrients than to get people to change their eating habits?
A. It is generally agreed that, while it may be difficult, the most lasting way to improve people's nutritional status is by incorporating more nutritious foods into the normal diet. Increasingly we see health benefits from eating a complex range of vegetables that cannot be duplicated with capsules or fortification programs. We believe in showing people the value of eating more leafy greens and teaching them improved methods of growing and preparing them. When this is successful, the people's diet and health are improved without a long term dependence on chemical companies, like Hoffman-LaRoche, and government agencies to oversee the distribution of essential nutrients.
Q. What is the deal with products like Spirulina, Super Blue-Green Algae, and Magna Green that I've seen in health food stores?
A. Spirulina and Super- Blue Green Algae are algaes grown in alkaline waters that have been dried and ground. Algaes, which include seaweeds, are simple plants that grow in water and lack the indigestible fiber cell wall of land plants. They are extremely nutritious, and are much appreciated foods in many cultures. Magna Green is made from the dried juice of young barley plants mixed with brown rice.
The drawback with these products and many others like them is that the price is completely out of proportion to their nutritional value. Unless you are wealthy, you are better off drying your own greens. It is simple and inexpensive and yields a product of very similar nutritional value.
Q. How about wheat grass juice? I was told it was very good for you but it made me nauseous.
A. Wheat grass juice has been promoted as a super food by Ann Wigmore and her Boston based group for over 40 years. It is juice pressed from 7-10 day old wheat plants grown inside in trays. The presence of simple sugars in the juice makes some people nauseous.
If you have the space it is much easier to let the wheat plants grow normally outside than to fuss with growing them in trays indoors. Like most plant leaves, wheat leaves reach their nutritional peak just before the plant begins transferring nutrients from the leaves to the reproductive system for creating seeds. Spring wheat takes about a month to do this, and winter wheat planted in Kentucky in October won't peak until April. When it is about ten inches high, harvest the top half of the plants and dry these leaves (wheat grass). At this stage it is much more complete nutritionally and less likely to cause stomach upset. The powdered dried wheat grass can add nutrition to a variety of drinks, pasta, and other foods. It is inexpensive, very nutritious, and far more versatile to use than the wheat grass juice.
Some health food advocates claim that the enzymes in raw foods like wheat grass juice have important benefits, but plant enzymes are proteins that are broken down into amino acids like other proteins we eat, and then reassembled into new proteins including enzymes that humans need. Enzymes function in very complex and specific biochemical environments. Our bodies protect us from foreign enzymes disturbing our body chemistry by reducing them to components that we can either burn as fuel, use to create new tissue, or make new enzymes with, as needed. The only exceptions are a few digestive enzymes that are able to briefly hold their own in our digestive tracks.
 
[ Home Page ]  Copyright 2002 by Leaf for Life    [ Email: Information from Leaf for Life ]
  
