 
Why Drink Loose Leaf Tea
So what is so special about loose leaf       tea versus the common variety found in the bag?  Everything!  The tea found in the markets and sold in       bags is of the lowest quality and is actually the tea 'dust'       from the bottom of the loose leaf tea barrels.  The       remaining particles are collected and used to fill the bags.  Sure a tea bag is convenient now and again, but the       resulting cup is often bitter or heaping with tannin       flavors.  Much of the subtleties of flavor are lost if       tea is prepared using this leftover dust.  There is an       entire world of tea potential that awaits to be tapped by       discovering the truly magnificent difference in quality when       preparing tea from a quality loose leaf variety. 
Loose leaf teas on the other hand,       open up an entire world of flavors and aromas to explore.  The difference in the resulting cup of tea is unmistakable,       returning to the tea bag unthinkable.  If you haven't       already, simply try a cup of gourmet full leaf tea and       experience the difference.  Be forewarned, you'll never       go back!
 
Nature's Miracle Rediscovered
As research continues and tea is more       thoroughly studied the health benefits of drinking loose       leaf tea is pouring in.  It seems tea drinkers have       known for centuries what science is just now discovering.  Consistent tea drinking studies have linked with cancer       prevention, cardiovascular health, heart disease prevention,       and lowering cholesterol.  Oolong teas are associated       with better skin health, removing wrinkles and lines and it       is widely regarded to have an anti-aging effect. 
 
Weight Loss
Loose leaf green tea has for centuries have been       associated with weight loss.  Drinking loose leaf green tea acts       as a stimulant, increasing activity, and often leads to a       decrease in appetite.  In China, green tea is often       referred to as 'fat-melter.'  Loose leaf green tea also detoxifies       helping cleanse ones body of built up toxins.
 
The Tommy Test
Sure, science, research, and studies       are important, but the true test of the beneficial qualities       of loose leaf tea is how you feel. Try it, see how you feel       after switching from highly acidic coffee to a cleansing,       while still stimulating quality loose leaf tea.  Tea       leaves you feeling invigorated, light, fresh, and vibrant,       ready to tackle your day.   Even better, when       drinking a quality loose leaf tea it is a pleasure to drink       at the same time!  You be the judge.
 
25 Reasons Why You Should Start Drinking Loose Leaf Green Tea Now
 
Green  tea has increasingly become a very popular drink worldwide because of  its immensely powerful health benefits. It is extraordinarily amazing  what green tea can do for your health. And if you're not drinking 3 to  4 cups of green tea today, you're definitely NOT doing your health a  big favor.
Here Are The 25 Reasons Why You Should Start Drinking Loose Leaf Green Tea Right Now:
 
1.  Green Tea and Cancer
Green tea helps reduce the risk of cancer. The antioxidant in green  tea is 100 times more effective than vitamin C and 25 times better than  vitamin E. This helps your body at protecting cells from damage  believed to be linked to cancer.
2.  Green Tea and Heart Disease
Green tea helps prevent heart disease and stroke by lowering the level of cholesterol. Even after the heart attack, it prevents cell deaths and speeds up the recovery of heart cells.
3. Green Tea and Anti-Aging
Green tea contains antioxidant known as polyphenols which fight  against free radicals. What this means it helps you fight against aging  and promotes longevity.
4. Green Tea and Weight Loss
Green tea helps with your body weight loss. Green tea burns fat and boosts your metabolism rate naturally. It can help you burn up to  70 calories in just one day. That translates to 7 pounds in one year.
5. Green Tea and Skin
Antioxidant in green tea protects the skin from the harmful effects  of free radicals, which cause wrinkling and skin aging. Green tea also  helps fight against skin cancer.
6. Green Tea and Arthritis
Green tea can help prevent and reduce the risk of rheumatoid  arthritis. Green tea has benefit for your health as it protects the  cartilage by blocking the enzyme that destroys cartilage.
7. Green Tea and Bones
The very key to this is high fluoride content found in green tea. It  helps keep your bones strong. If you drink green tea every day, this  will help you preserve your bone density.
8. Green Tea and Cholesterol
Green tea can help lower cholesterol level. It also improves the  ratio of good cholesterol to bad cholesterol, by reducing bad  cholesterol level.
9.  Green Tea and Obesity
Green tea prevents obesity by stopping the movement of glucose in  fat cells. If you are on a healthy diet, exercise regularly and drink  green tea, it is unlikely you'll be obese.
10.  Green Tea and Diabetes
Green tea improves lipid and glucose metabolisms, prevents sharp  increases in blood sugar level, and balances your metabolism rate.
11.  Green Tea and Alzheimer's
Green tea helps boost your memory. And although there's no cure for  Alzheimer's, it helps slow the process of reduced acetylcholine in the  brain, which leads to Alzheimer's.
12.  Green Tea and Parkinson's
Antioxidants in green tea helps prevent against cell damage in the  brain, which could cause Parkinson's. People drinking green tea also  are less likely to progress with Parkinson's.
13.  Green Tea and Liver Disease
Green tea helps prevent transplant failure in people with liver  failure. Researches showed that green tea destroys harmful free  radicals in fatty livers.
Read more about green tea and liver disease at http://www.finegreentea.com/green-tea-liver.html
14.  Green Tea and High Blood Pressure
Green tea helps prevent high blood pressure. Drinking green tea  helps keep your blood pressure down by repressing angiotensin, which  leads to high blood pressure.
15.  Green Tea and Food Poisoning
Catechin found in green tea can kill bacteria which causes food poisoning and kills the toxins produced by those bacteria.
16.  Green Tea and Blood Sugar
Blood sugar tends to increase with age, but polyphenols and polysaccharides in green tea help lower your blood sugar level.
17.  Green Tea and Immunity
Polyphenols and flavenoids found in green tea help boost your immune  system, making your health stronger in fighting against infections.
18.  Green Tea and Cold and Flu
Green tea prevents you from getting a cold or flu. Vitamin C in green tea helps you treat the flu and the common cold.
19. Green Tea and Asthma
Theophylline in green tea relaxes the muscles which support the bronchial tubes, reducing the severity of asthma.
20. Green Tea and Ear Infection
Green tea helps with ear infection problem. For natural ear  cleaning, soak a cutton ball in green tea and clean the infected ear.
21.  Green Tea and Herpes
Green tea increases the effectiveness of topical interferon  treatment of herpes. First green tea compress is applied, and then let  the skin dry before the interferon treatment.
22.  Green Tea and Tooth Decay
Green tea destroys bacteria and viruses that cause many dental  diseases. It also slows the growth of bacteria which leads to bad  breath.
Read more about green tea and tooth decay at http://www.finegreentea.com/green-tea-tooth-decay.html
23. Green Tea and Stress
L-theanine, which is a kind of amino acids in green tea, can help relieve stress and anxiety.
24.  Green Tea and Allergies
EGCG found in green tea relieves allergies. So, if you have allergies, you should really consider drinking green tea.
25.  Green Tea and HIV
Scientists in Japan have found that EGCG (Epigallocatechin Gallate)  in green tea can stop HIV from binding to healthy immune cells. What  this means is that green tea can help stop the HIV virus from  spreading.
 
 
How's that for only some of the health benefits that green tea has to offer you? Almost miraculous, I'd say.
Now, your health is in your hands. You know you're smart. So, start drinking three to four cups of green tea every day for a drug-free and healthier YOU!
 
