Conifers - a.k.a. evergreens - do lose their leaves, just not all at the same time
Why are evergreen trees green all year round?
Ask your own question!
Evergreen trees (also known as conifers because of the cones that hold their seeds) include spruce, fir and pine trees. Evergreen trees do lose leaves, but not all at the same time the way that deciduous trees (trees that lose their leaves) do. These trees are specially adapted to live in climates where there may be limited annual sunshine and/or available water.
The evergreen thrives in cold climates and its leaves are adapted to make the most of its environment. The leaves of evergreen trees are often small and narrow, like needles. Evergreen leaves can remain on a tree for anywhere from 1-20 years depending on the species of tree, but most leaves remain on the tree for less than five years. It is thought that by keeping its leaves year round the plant might be able to take advantage of periods of thaw during the winter to make food. It also means that the plant does not need to waste energy re-growing a full set of leaves each year.
The leaves of an evergreen have the same function as leaves of other trees, mainly to make food for the plant through photosynthesis. The leaves are often a dark green color indicating that a lot of the sun-absorbing compound chlorophyll is present. By having a lot of small leaves packed with chlorophyll, the plant gathers as much energy as it can from the sparse sunlight. It uses this energy to make food in the form of glucose. The dark color also helps keep the plant warm in its cold environment (think about wearing dark clothing on a sunny day verses light or white clothing. The dark clothing absorbs more sunlight and is hotter to wear).
The cold climate where evergreens often live means that even if there is a large amount of precipitation, the water is often frozen and therefore unavailable to the plant. The small surface area and the thick coating of wax on the needle-like leaves allows the plant to retain more water (there is less surface area available for evaporation). The small leaves also have small holes called stomata that are used for gas exchange; these can be closed very tightly to stop water loss. Lastly the small pointy leaves and the cone-like shape of the tree itself, shed snow more easily than other trees so the evergreens are not as likely to break under the weight of snow and ice.
Related Questions
