| Where To Buy
Green Tea - Home Remedies
The claims for green tea include reducing  the risk of cancer, preventing or alleviating rheumatoid arthritis and  eliminating heartburn. 
But green tea is perhaps best known for its  high levels of anti-oxidents.
This is especially of use to those with active  lifestyles as anti-oxidents help reduce the level of damage caused by free  radicals.
However, if you try it, you will find that  green tea is more than just a tasty, hot beverage.
Green teas have become an integral part of home remedies  everywhere, from skin and teeth care to general preventative measures.
We detail below some of the common perceived benefits of green tea products.
Green  Tea and Weight Loss
Perhaps unusual to think of green tea as  having weight loss properties but there now exists a green tea diet and many people swear by green tea extract as part of their weight loss programme.
In fact you will find that green tea  extract is contained in proprietary fat burning supplements.  The green tea extract is used to increase  metabolism without increasing your heart rate.  A common side effect  of other  weight loss supplements.
Green  Tea and Skin Care
Green teas have been found to have positive  effects in the arena of skin care. Two specific areas include acne and eczema.  For acne, this tea makes a great, cheap alternative to expensive toners or  astringents.
Many people combine it with ingredients to  make a potion that can be applied with a cotton ball directly onto clean skin.
Simply drinking green tea has also worked  for some to decrease the presence of acne, although you do have to be careful  of increasing the intake of caffeine in your diet, as this has been linked to  an increase in breakouts.
Homemade  Mouthwash
In addition to skin care, another benefit  of green tea claimed by manufactuers is that it can be used as part of a  homemade mouthwash.
So what property of this light drink helps  keep your teeth healthy? It’s the presence of fluoride that helps prevent tooth  decay and strengthens your teeth and gums.
Mixing the brewed tea with spring water  makes the most basic recipe, but it can be combined with other ingredients to  create intriguing flavors of homemade mouthwashes.
More  Health Benefits of Green Tea
A regular daily intake of green tea or  green tea extract is also thought to help your overall health and well-being.  The tea is full of antioxidants that bind free radicals in our bodies; these  free radicals can often cause damage to cells.
There are also several green tea research  studies linking green tea to cancer prevention. In addition to this wonderful  benefit, green tea is also thought to promote an increase in metabolism that  helps lower cholesterol in the body.
 
We invite you  to try some green tea.
 
