Press A + B + Start + Select during game play.
Information in this section was contributed by SmartKid1192 .
Erase saved data:
Hold B + Select + R + Up during game play.
Information in this section was contributed by Zach .
At the main screen where Venasaur appears, press B + Select + Up. A new screen will appear with two boxes and a green background. The first box has "Yes or No", while the second box reads "Clear all save data areas?". [Screenshot]
Information in this section was contributed by Victor Lopez .
Trainer Card stars:
Complete the indicated task to upgrade your trainer card from blue to green, bronze, silver, and finally gold. Each star will upgrade the color and can be completed in any order.
Star #1: Defeat the Elite Four.
Star #2: Complete the Kanto Dex (Pokemon #1 to #150).
Star #3: Complete the National Dex (except for Mew, Celebi, Jirachi, Deoxys).
Star #4: Score 200 jumps in Pokemon Jump and 200 berries in Dodrio Berry Picking.
Update Berries:
Press Down + B + Select at the title screen (where Venasaur appears). A screen will appear with instructions on how to update your Berries in Pokemon Ruby or Sapphire.
Information in this section was contributed by Sabino Chávez-Ruíz .
National Dex:
Have over sixty Pokemon in your Pokedex and defeat the Elite Four. Return to Pallet Town and see the professor. He will give the National Dex to Gary and yourself. You can use it to see the data for all 386 Pokemon.
Use the following trick to get the National Pokedex before defeating the Elite 4. Pokemon Ruby or Sapphire and an already completed game of Fire Red or Leaf Green is required. Trade a Pokemon that does not appear in Fire Red or Leaf Green into the completed version. Then, use the wireless link to send the new Pokemon into the incomplete game.
Information in this section was contributed by Tom Hansen .
Mystery Gift option:
Enter any Pokemon Mart and go to the clipboard that is by the shop keeper on the counter. Take the survey and enter in the words "LINK TOGETHER WITH ALL". The man will then alert you that you can now have access to the Mystery Gift option, after saving. To make it easier to find the word you are looking for, press Select, which will take you to A-Z mode, then select the a letter to bring up a list of words, beginning with the first letter of the word that it begins with.
Information in this section was contributed by IceSage .
The way to get the true Mystery Gift requires a wireless adapter. Insert the wireless adapter after "Game Boy" appears but before "Nintendo" appears. "Nintendo" will now appear in gold and a hidden screen will appear. Also, when you find the secret screen, have four other players attached by wireless adapter and their names will appear on the screen.
Information in this section was contributed by isbellfam91.
Hint: Get all starters:
To get all the starters (Bulbasaur,Charmander, and Squirtle), you will need two Game Boy Advances and another Pokemon GBA game. Start with Bulbasaur, then trade it to your other Pokemon game. After that, start a new game. Start with Charmander and trade it. Then, start another new game and start with Squirtle. Keep Squirtle and catch two Pokemon that you do not want. Trade them for the other two starters you traded to your other Pokemon game. You will now have all three starters.
Information in this section was contributed by Darkchaos526 .
Choose Bulbasaur Trade it to a friend. Start a new game, then choose Squirtle. Trade it to the same friend. Start a new game and choose Charmander. Trade it to the same friend. Catch four Rattata and one Pidgey. Trade three Rattata for Bulbasaur, Squirtle, and Charmander with the same friend. You now have five Pokemon (Bulbasaur, Squirtle, Charmander, Rattata, and Pidgey).
Information in this section was contributed by Robby Karaitis .
Use the following trick to get the three starters without trading. It requires Pokemon Box on the Gamecube. First, receive your first starting Pokemon in Pallet Town. Then, defeat your rival and go to Viridian City. Get the Oak Parcel then go back to Pallet Town for the Pokedex. Catch a Pokemon of your choice, then return to Viridian City. Turn off the game and transfer your starter Pokemon to Pokemon Box. Make a new game and do the same trick with other Pokemon. When two of the Prof. Pokemon are in the Pokemon Box, return it when you get your first Pokemon. You will then have the three starting Pokemon without trading.
Information in this section was contributed by brigtaylorx2 .
Catch a Ditto and go to Four Island. Give your Ditto and starter Pokemon to the Daycare woman. Walk around the Sevii Islands to pass the time. Even though the old man says "The two don't seem to like each other", it will still work and make a Pokemon egg. This does not work with the Legendary Pokemon T o get the other starter Pokemon, trade your Pokemon with a friend for his egg that was obtained by following the same procedure.
Information in this section was contributed by Vonglex .
Hint: Starting Pokemon recommendations:
Squirtle is Water type, and has an advantage over Charmander the Fire type starter, who has an advantage over Bulbasaur the Grass type starter. Note: Your rival will always choose the Pokemon with a elemental advantage over yours.
Information in this section was contributed by BoomerangBen .
When you start the game and get to the point where you can choose any of the three Pokemon, your rival will choose the Pokemon that has the advantage over yours.
If you choose Bulbasaur, your rival chooses Charmander.
If you Choose Charmander, your rival chooses Squirtle.
If you Choose Squirtle, your rival chooses Bulbasaur.
However, if you have two Game Boy Advances, choose one, then battle your rival. Then start on the other game and choose the Pokemon that is your rival Pokemon's weakness:
If your rival has Bulbasaur, then choose Charmander
If your rival has Charmander, then choose Squirtle
If your rival has Squirtle, then choose Bulbasaur
However, it is a very good idea to have one Leaf Green version and one Fire Red version to catch all the Pokemon in the game, as you cannot capture the other six other Pokemon using just one game, depending on your starter.
If you started with Bulbasaur, you cannot catch Charmander, Charmeleon, Charizard, Squirtle, Wartortle, or Blastoise.
If you started with Charmander, you cannot catch Bulbasaur, Ivysaur, Vensaur, Squirtle, Wartortle, or Blastoise.
If you started with Squirtle, you cannot catch Bulbasaur, Ivysaur, Vensaur, Charmander, Charmelon, or Charizard.
The three starting Pokemon are like three different difficulties. Bulbasaur is like easy because the first two gyms are weak against Grass. Squirtile is like a medium difficulty, because the first gym is weak against Water. Charmander is like a hard difficulty, because the first two gyms are very effective against it. If you choose Charmander, catch another Pokemon to fight against Brock and Misty.
Information in this section was contributed by Zack Jefferson .
The best Pokemon to start with is Bulbasaur. He can defeat the first two gyms. Charmander cannot defeat the two gyms and Squirtle can only defeat Brock.
Information in this section was contributed by brandon barber .
Do not choose Charmander as it will make things difficult with Misty and a lot of others. If you choose Sqiurtle do not worry about Misty; it just needs to know bite. Catch a Diglett in Diglett's cave before fighting Lt. Surge. Before fighting Erika, catch a Doduo. They are in the nearest patch of grass to young couple Lea and Jed. Everything else will be fine. If you choose Bulbasaur most things will be fine. Use another Pokemon for Blaine and be careful with Lorelei.
Information in this section was contributed by Tom Dewhurst .
The Water starter type Pokemon Squirtle is recommended. Squirtle can learn Normal, Dark, Ground, Water, Ice and Fighting type moves such as Tackle, Bite, Dig, Surf, Ice Beam, Focus Punch and Earthquake when it is a Blastoise. Using Squirtle can help you defeat the eight gym leaders quickly. Use Water attacks on Brock, Normal or Dark attacks on Misty, Dig on Lt. Surge (because Electric Pokemon are very weak against Ground type moves), and Ice attacks on Erika. Against Koga, use any powerful attacks against or raise an Abra and have it evolve into a Kadabra (or evolve it once more into an Alakazam and use Psychic element attacks). When battling against Sabrina and her trainers, use Bite against all her Pokemon for very effective damage. Against Blaine and Giovanni (head of Team Rocket), use Surf to wash their Pokemon out fast. Squirtle will be a real powerhouse against the gym leaders and for the Pokemon League. Your rival should not be a problem. His Pidgeot is weak against Ice type moves, Rhydon will faint in seconds after a Surf move, the powerful Alakazam will be weak against Bite because it does not have a lot of Defense strength. For your rival's Arcanine, use Water type moves to wipe it out. For his starter Pokemon Bulbasaur, which should now be a Venusaur, use a lot of Ice Beams to make it faint. For his Gyarados, use some powerful Electric attacks or Rock type moves (for example, Zapdos or Golem).
Information in this section was contributed by Bobby Vadhanapanich .
Hint: Gender advantages for starter Pokemon:
If it is male you have a 70% chance of having +1 Attack. If it is female you have a 70% chance of having +1 Defense.
Information in this section was contributed by john wittmann .
Hint: Abra:
To buy an Abra (level 7), go to the Game Corner in Celadon City. Go up to the desk and buy 500 coins. Go next door to the coin exchange place. Go to the person in the middle and a list of Pokemon you can buy with your game coins will appear. The first one will be Abra. To level Abra up, go to the Daycare Center in Cerulean City. After giving Abra to the Daycare man, walk around for about an hour. Abra will have leveled up about 10 levels or more.
Information in this section was contributed by gman .
Hint: Aerodactyl:
To get the ancient Pokemon Aerodactyl, go to the house to the right of the Museum in Pewter City. Note: You must have Cut. Talk to the scientist and he will give you the Old Amber. Take it to the Lab on Cinnabar Island and let the scientist bring it back to life. It will be at level 5.
Hint: Articuno:
Articuno can be found inside Sea Foam Islands. You will need HM Surf and HM Strength.
Information in this section was contributed by BOBBY VADHANAPANICH .
Defeat all the bike riders in the game, then go to One Island. Go to treasure beach. There will be a Articuno waiting. Use a level 9 Rattata. In battle, use Tackle once then a Pokeball to catch it. If it does not work the first time, try again.
Information in this section was contributed by eamon butler .
Hint: Azurill:
First, get the National Dex. Then catch two Marills or a Marill and a Ditto. Breed with one of them holding the Sea Incense. If the male Marill is holding the Sea Incense you will get a female Azurill. If the female is holding the item you will get a male Azurill. The same happens with Ditto even though it is unidentified. If you have a male Marill and a Ditto the Ditto will actually be a female Marill. You can find the Sea Incense in Lost Cave where Lady Selphy is located.
Information in this section was contributed by Andrew Egbue .
Hint: Beedrill: Recommended moves:
First, catch a Weedle . Then, train it until it turns into a Beedrill. Teach it the TM Aerial Ace . Train it (use it at gyms that use Grass/Bug Pokemon ) until it is at level 50. It should know the move Endeavor. Use it at tight spots.
Information in this section was contributed by Kbassi64 .
Hint: Blastoise: Hydro Cannon:
If you started with Squirtle, make it a Blastoise. Go to Two Island and go to the house on the cove. Blastoise must be in the first slot. She will teach you Hydro Cannon.
Information in this section was contributed by lat777 .
Hint: Blastoise: Recommended moves:
Hydropump (Water), HydroCannon (Water), Blizzard (Ice), Bite (Dark)
Information in this section was contributed by Devin Thompson .
The best moves to teach Blastoise are as follows.
Surf: Rock, Ground, and Fire
Bite: Psychic, Ghost, and a good basic attack
Earthquake: Fire, Poison, Electric, Steel, and Rock
Ice Beam: Grass, Ground, Flying, and Dragon
The only types not covered are Dark and Water. For Dark, use any move other then Bite. For Water, use Bite or Earthquake.
Information in this section was contributed by leapmiller .
Hint: Blissey:
Catch a Chansy in the Safari Zone. Train it and make sure to give it treats such as Carbos after difficult battles. Walk everywhere and do not fly. Once it is about a level 37, give it a treat and make it grow one more level. It should try to evolve. If it stops you need to get the National Dex. When it tries to learn Egg Bomb, this means that it will evolve soon.
Information in this section was contributed by Tom Dewhurst .
Hint: Blissey: Recommended moves:
Use Return, Softboiled, Minimize and any special move of your choice (preferably Psychic, Thunder, Blizzard or Flamethrower).
Information in this section was contributed by Aaron Hill .
Hint: Butterfree:
Catch a Caterpie. Evolve it to Metapod and then to Butterfree. When it turns to Butterfree, get it to level 15 and let it learn "Sleep Powder". Then teach it TM06 (Toxic), TM32 (Double Team), and another move of your choice. When you are fighting another Pokemon, select Butterfree. First use "Sleep Powder". [Screenshot] After the other Pokemon is asleep, use "Double Team" [Screenshot] as many times as possible. When the other Pokemon wakes up, use "Toxic" [Screenshot] , then keep using "Double Team". The other Pokemon will be defeated slowly and painfully [Screenshot] and will be almost unable to attack [Screenshot] .
Information in this section was contributed by Warren Lara .
Hint: Charizard: Blast Burn:
If your starter was Charmander, make it a Charizard. Go to Two Island and go to the house on the cove. Charizard must be in the first slot. She will teach you Blast Burn.
Information in this section was contributed by lat777 .
Hint: Deoxys:
To obtain Deoxys, you must travel to Island 9. To do this, you need to obtain the Aurora Ticket, which can only obtained through a Nintendo Event, such as Pokemon Rocks America 2004. Bring your Pokemon Fire Red or Leaf Green cartridge to any of the events in Atlanta, Minneapolis, or Seattle to receive the Aurora Ticket. The same goes for obtaining Lugia, Ho-Oh (both on Island 8, requiring Mystery Pass); and Celebi and Mew (details unknown). Note: Ho-Oh can also be obtained via a link to Pokemon Coliseum.
Information in this section was contributed by MRe .
You will need the Aurora Ticket. Go to any Pokemart and fill out questionnaire on the counter with "LINK TOGETHER WITH ALL" as your response. You will get the Mystery Gift system. Select "Wonder Gift" from the Mystery Gift. Talk to the person with the green hat at the Pokemon Center. He will give you the Aurora Ticket. To capture Deoxys, you must get to Birth Island, then hop on the boat in Vermilion City. Get a lot of Ultra Balls. In Pokemon Fire Red have all level 40 or greater Pokemon. In Pokemon Leaf Green make sure that your Pokemon are at least level 30. Hop off the boat and you will see a triangle-shaped puzzle, with a black triangle in it. To get through it, start at the bottom. Take a step down and go all the way left. Go three steps right then go all the way up, Go five steps down, all the way to the right. Go three steps up and go all the way to the left. Go all the way to the right. Go two steps left then all the way down. Go one step down and all the way to the left. Go all the way to the right. Go three steps left then face down. Save the game at this point. Examine the triangle and Deoxys will jump out.
Information in this section was contributed by CLARO GONZALES .
Note: In the Pokemon Leaf Green, you will get the defense version of Deoxys.
Information in this section was contributed by THE CODEMASTER SAZUKI .
Hint: Dragonite:
Use the following trick to develop a strong Dragonite. Get a Dratini and evolve it to Dragonair. It must be a Dratini to be at its strongest. ,Then teach it Flarethrower, for Ice and Steel; Ice Beam, for Dragons; Outrage, because it is strong; and Hyper Beam to make it look right.
Information in this section was contributed by Reuben Reyes .
Hint: Dragonite: Recommended moves:
Dragonite should have the moves Outrage, Flamethrower, Safeguard and Thunderbolt; Item: Persim Berry; Nature: Modest; Trait: Shed Skin. Keep Safeguard up to prevent Outrage causing confusion. Persim Berry stops confusion when the opponent uses Taunt and you cannot use Safeguard. You can knock out opponents quickly with this set.
Information in this section was contributed by Alex .
Hint: Dugtrio:
Dugtrio usually appears in the giant footprints in Diglett's Cave.
Information in this section was contributed by Sam Brown .
Hint: Dunsparce:
Dunsparce is found on Three Island on the other side of the cave by the harbor. You must have first won the Pokemon League.
Information in this section was contributed by Chriss4525 .
Hint: Evee: Breed when evolved:
If you already evolved Evee into something else (Vaporeon, Jolton, etc.), you can breed it with a Ditto to hatch an Evee. You must first defeat the Elite 4 and get the Ruby and Sapphire Plates to get to Island Four (where you can breed Pokemon).
Information in this section was contributed by TheGrandDCsk8r .
Hint: Evee: Evolution:
Train an Evee until it likes you. Then trade it to Pokemon Ruby or Sapphire. It will evolve, depending on the time in the Pokemon Ruby or Sapphire game.
Information in this section was contributed by Salazarsal6 .
The following are all the ways to evolve Evee. Jolteon with Thunderstone. Vaporeon with Waterstone. Flareon with Firestone. For Espeon, be at level 32, have his spec def higher then his def, and evolve at night. For, Umbreon, be at level 32, have his spec atk is higher then his atk, and evolve before noon.
Information in this section was contributed by gamerboy777 .
Hint: Gyrados:
Gyarados will learn Hyper Beam at level 55.
Information in this section was contributed by BOBBY VADHANAPANICH .
Hint: Gyrados: Recommended moves:
Give Gyrados ThunderBolt, FlameThrower, HyperBeam, and HydroPump.
Information in this section was contributed by Zachary Jenkins .
Hint: Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee:
To get both Hitmonchan and Hitmonlee, go to Saffron City's Fighting Gym. Defeat the leader and take one of them. Then, after you defeat the Pokemon League find the Ruby and the Sapphire. Take it to the One Island Pokemon Center and give them to Celio. You can now go to Four Island. Once there, take the Pokemon you obtained to the Daycare Center. Note: This also requires a Ditto. Now walk around for awhile then go back to Four Island. The old man should be up farther than usual. Talk to him and he will give you an egg. After you receive the egg, walk around until it hatches. You will get Tyrouge. Raise it to level 21 and it will evolve. Repeat this until Tyrouge evolves into the desired Pokemon.
Information in this section was contributed by Trailmanboss2 .
Hint: Koffing:
Koffing can be found on Cinnabar Island inside the Pokemon mansion. He is difficult to find, but is there.
Information in this section was contributed by Spidermarc95 .
Hint: Lapras:
After you get the tea from the woman on the first floor of the Game Freak building, go to the exit near the Pokemon Center. Then, go to Silph Co., which is located in Saffron City. Wander your way to Giovanni. Before you get to his room, you will battle your rival. After you defeat him, a man will appear. After you defeat Giovanni, go back and talk to him. He will ask to give you a Lapras.
Information in this section was contributed by Xykidz .
Hint: Ledyba:
Ledyba can be found in Pattern Bush on Six Island.
Hint: Ludicolo: Recommended moves:
Ludicolo should have the moves Rain Dance, Leech Seed, Surf and Giga Drain; Item: Leftovers; Nature: Calm/Bold; Trait: Rain Dish. Use Rain Dance to restore HP using Rain Dish. Use Leech Seed to drain the opponents's HP while recovering your own. Kill the opponent with Surf. If you get low on HP use Giga Drain (this move has low PP and should be used sparingly).
Information in this section was contributed by Alex .
Hint: Magby and Eleckid:
Catch an Electabuzz or a Magmar. Then, catch a Ditto and take them to 4 Island and put them in daycare. Walk a little to get an egg containing a Magby or Eleckid.
Information in this section was contributed by Assane drame .
Hint: Magikarp: Tackle:
To teach your Magikarp the Tackle move, find and capture two Parasects. They are usually in Cerulean Cave. Parasects are usually holding Tinymushrooms. If you have the Tri-Pass or Rainbow Pass, go to 2 Island. In one of the houses there is a man who can teach your Pokemon any move that it can learn while growing up. Talk to the man, give him two Tinymushrooms or one Big Mushroom and he can teach your Magikarp Tackle.
Information in this section was contributed by cinbaker .
Hint: Magikarp: Damage attack:
When you are in front of Mt. Moon's entrance, go to the first Pokemon Center you see. Once inside, talk to a man. He will sell you a Magikarp. Buy it and pass Mt. Moon. Go to the Daycare Center. Note: You must get past the robbed house. Let the man take care of it. Do not go to the Daycare Center for a long time and then return. Your Magikarp will gets the move Tackle (at level 26).
Information in this section was contributed by daniel decolongon .
Hint: Mewtwo:
Mewtwo is in the Cerulean Cave . There are also level 39 to 68 Pokemon there, such as Wobbofet and Magneton.
Information in this section was contributed by THE CODEMASTER SAZUKI .
Mewtwo can be caught with an Ultra Ball only when asleep.
Information in this section was contributed by PuffDady1357 .
If you have already used your Master Ball, it is possible to catch Mewtwo without putting him to sleep. If you battle with him for a long time he will run out of attacks and will then just use Struggle (a weak attack). You can then somewhat lower his health and he will be easy to catch.
Information in this section was contributed by Alex Hinchey .
Bring over 60 Ultra Balls with a team of at least this three Pokemon: Charizard (level 80), Moltres (level 70 or higher), and Vensuar (level 70 or higher). Save in front of Mewtwo before you battle it. Use Vensuar's Poison/Sleep Powder to weaken it, then use Charizard, Moltres, or another Pokemon to weaken it. Note: Mewtwo can only be caught when its HP is in the red and is asleep or poisoned. When you through the Pokeballs press A very fast until it is over Mewtwo. Each time the Pokeball moves one way, press A . Repeat this as many times as needed.
Information in this section was contributed by pokemaster1122 .
This strategy requires 30 Revives, several Ultra Balls, a Pokemon that can Paralyze or Hypnotize (Haunter recommended), and two backup Pokemon in the party (Dark/Steel/Psychic Pokemon recommended). The strategy is to run Mewtwo's PP out. The best way to do this is to attack Mewtwo with two backup Pokemon. When the battle begins, switch out one of your backup Pokemon and fight Mewtwo. Do not try to weaken him enough that Mewtwo is almost dead. Just weaken Mewtwo enough so he is missing a little health. When your backup Pokemon faints, switch to your other backup Pokemon. Revive the other backup Pokemon that fainted earlier. Keep repeating this until Mewtwo stops using Psychic and Safeguard. Once Mewtwo does this, switch to Haunter. This strategy will work because it is impossible to run out of Pokemon once you revive them. Mewtwo has four moves:Psychic, Recover, Swift, and Safeguard. By now Mewtwo should run on of PP for Psychic and Safeguard. This means Mewtwo's only attack move is Swift. That is good because Swift does not affect Haunter. Also, Haunter's Ghost attacks such as Shadow Ball will be very effective against Mewtwo. Weaken Mewtwo until he is almost dead then put him to sleep or paralyze him. Do not weaken him to 1 HP because he might kill himself.
Information in this section was contributed by PattenDaMan .
When you get One Island and do all the things needed to do go to Mount Ember (Moltres is at the top), you should see two Team Rocket members at the bottom. Battle them, then go in the entrance. Find your way to the end and get the ruby. Bring it to Celio. He should give you another ticket. Go to Five Island. Go to the Dotted Hole. If the person is not there, go to the door and use Cut. Find your way to the bottom. You should see the sapphire. A person will take it. Go to Team Rocket's warehouse and find your way through. Battle the person that took the sapphire. He should give it to you. Take it to Celio. The man in front of Cerulean Cave should be gone if you have defeated the Elite Four and captured at least 60 different Pokemon. Find your way through and Mewtwo will be at the bottom.
Information in this section was contributed by Nighthunt490 .
Hint: Misdreaveus:
Found in the Lost Cave.
Information in this section was contributed by Andre Seward .
Hint: Moltres:
Moltres can only be found at the top of Mt. Ember at Island 1. You will need to defeat Blamie first.
Information in this section was contributed by BOBBY VADHANAPANICH .
Hint: Nidoking:
When you first start the game ,make sure you get a Nidoran male. When you do, raise it to level 17, which should be the time you get to Mount Moon. Use a Moon Stone and evolve it. You will now have a level 17 Nidoking that grows very fast.
Information in this section was contributed by Sybergage .
Hint: Persian:
One a Persian reaches level 100 and it still has the Payday attack, you can get 1000 coins off the ground per Payday. Keep using Payday every time to get rich quickly.
Information in this section was contributed by BOBBY VADHANAPANICH .
Hint: Pichu: Volt Tackle:
You can only get Volt Tackle by catching a Pikachu with a Light Ball. Then, breed it with a Ditto. You will then get a Pichu with Volt Tackle.
Information in this section was contributed by C Goodwin .
Hint: Pikachu:
When you get a Charamander and need help defeating Misty, go to Viridian Forest and search for a Pikachu. He is difficult to find, but is there.
Information in this section was contributed by Sybergage .
Go to the Viridian Forest. There are many grassy areas, but you should go to the grass patch located in the path just before you leave the forest. Keep moving around in it and you will encounter Pokemon. You will eventually run into Pikachu. You can also find Pikachu at the power plant, which is at the top right-hand corner when seen on the town map; it looks like a red dot.
Information in this section was contributed by Albin .
Hint: Politoed:
You can get Politoed by getting by trading a Poliwhirl from Pokemon LeafGreen or FireRed. Poliwhirl must hold the King's Rock in a trade. Once it gets to the other side it will evolve into Politoed.
Information in this section was contributed by BOBBY VADHANAPANICH .
Hint: Porygon2:
To get Porygon2 you must have the National Pokedex, a Porygon, and an upgrade item. Level it up once and it will evolve to Porygon2 (much more colorful).
Information in this section was contributed by Marik5327 .
Trade a Porygon holding an upgrade found in the Rocket Warehouse. It will evolve to a Porygon2 when it reaches the destination game.
Information in this section was contributed by cgb231 .
Hint: Rattata:
Information in this section was contributed by eduardo martinez .
Hint: Remoraid:
Found in the water by Memorial Pillar on Five Island.
Information in this section was contributed by Andre Seward .
Hint: Rhyhorn:
Rhyhorn can learn Fire, Ice, and Electric moves.
Information in this section was contributed by JRoberts .
Hint: Rollout:
Rollout's attack power is increased when you use Defense Curl first.
Information in this section was contributed by Alex .
Hint: Sneasal:
Found in Icefall Cave on Four Island.
Information in this section was contributed by Andre Seward .
Hint: Snorlax: Recommended moves:
Give Snorlax Curse, Return, Shadow Ball, and Rest.
Information in this section was contributed by Andrew Norman .
Hint: Spinerak:
Found at pattern bush on Six Island.
Information in this section was contributed by Andre Seward .
Hint: Steel:
Go to Island 5. Go to where the youngster planted the Onix. Note: Bring lemonade from Celadon City. Go in front of the grave and press A. An item will appear. Pick up the item. It will be Steel Coat. Give it to your Scyther or Onix. Trade the Onix or Scyther with a friend and it will evolve. To get a Steel (Pokemon Leaf Green) or Scizzor (Pokemon Fire Red).
Hint: Swampert: Recommended moves:
A great moveset for Swampert is as follows.
Item: Chesto Berry.
Moves: Curse, Earthquake, Rest, Body Slam/ Brick Break.
EV's: Maxed in Defense and HP. Any remaining in Attack.
Note: To get Curse, breed a female Mudkip, Marshtomp, or Swampert with a male Slowpoke, Slowbro, Slowking that has Curse.
Hint: Taunttar: Dragon Dance
To get Dragon Dance, breed a Male Gyarados with Dragon Dance with a Female Charmander, Charmeleon, or Charizard. Then, breed the first male baby Charmander you get with a female Larvitar, Pupitar, or Tyranitar.
Hint: Togepi:
Togepi is not available in the wild. The only way to get it (and Togetic, eventually) is to go to the Water Labyrinth, taking the north route on Five Island, then going to the left. You will see a small island with two people. Talk to the man. He will check your Pokemon. If you have raised them correctly, and if you have a open space in your party, he will give you a Togepi Egg. Hatch it, then return to the man. He will tell you a phrase of Daisy Oak. To evolve it, make Togepi love you. It does not have a specific level.
Information in this section was contributed by Omar Patricio Juárez Alvarez .
Hint: Tyrogue: Evolutions:
When Tyrogue reaches level 20, it will evolve into Hitmonchan, Hitmonlee, or Hitmontop. To make it evolve into Hitmonchan, raise Tyrogue and make sure it has more defense points than attack points. To make it evolve into Hitmonlee, raise Tyrogue making sure it has more attack points than defense points. To make it evolve into Hitmontop, raise Tyrogue to level 20, but check that both attack and defense points are the same when it evolves. To get Tyrogue, breed whichever Pokemon you selected at the Fighting Dojo (Hitmonlee or Hitmonchan) with a Ditto. It will always be male.
Information in this section was contributed by floyd .
Hint: Tyranitar: Recommended moves:
Tyranitar's Moveset should be as follows.
Item: Leftovers.
Moves: Rock Slide, Earthquake, Dragon Dance, Taunt.
Hint: Yanma:
Found in grassy areas where dotted hole is on Six Island.
Information in this section was contributed by Andre Seward .
Hint: Venusaur: Frenzy Plant:
If you started with Bulbasaur, make it a Venusaur. Go to Two Island and go to the house on the cove. Venusaur must be in the first slot. She will teach you Frenzy Plant.
Information in this section was contributed by lat777 .
Hint: Zapdos:
To catch a Zapdos, go to the Pokemon Center beside the Rock Cave. From the Pokemon Center, go up until you reach water. Surf to the Power Plant and go inside. Find your way around, and at the end you will find Zapdos, the Thunder type Legendary Bird.
Zapdos can be found at the Power Plant bellow the Rock Tunnel.
Information in this section was contributed by BOBBY VADHANAPANICH .
Hint: Legendary Dogs:
The legendary dog that you get in the game depends on your starter.
Charmander: Suicune (Water)
Squirtle: Raikou (Thunder)
Bulbasaur: Entei (Fire)
To get all three Legendary Dogs, get together with two friends before any of you start the game. Have one player get Charmander, another get Squirtle, and the other get Bulbasaur. Each of you will get one of the legendary dogs: Charmander, Suicune; Squirtle, Raikou; and Bulbasaur, Entei. Once each of you has their own dog, trade one dog for another. For example, player one's Suicune for player two's Entei; player three's Raikou for player one's Entei; and Player three's Raikou for player two's Suicune.
Information in this section was contributed by ABReedy .
Use the following trick to easily catch Suicune, Raikou, or Entei without a Master Ball. Get a Pokemon the learns the move Mean Look or something similar, or get a Pokemon with the Arena Trap or Shadow Tag abilities to prevent them from escaping. If they do, you will get another chance to catch them, providing you do not make them faint.
Information in this section was contributed by Mike156719865751 .
Go to Route 11 next to Vermilion City. It is easier to find the Legendary Dogs here.
Information in this section was contributed by Leif Rowles .
To get Entei, Raikou, and Suicune easily, go to a route then exit and enter it until you see one of them. Note: Do not forget to use Max Repel.
Information in this section was contributed by sheilajk .
To catch the Legendary Dogs, you first need to encounter it. That part is purely luck. After you find it, get a Diglett or Dugtrio with the ability Arena Trap. Put it first in your party. Buy about five Super Repels and a lot of Ultraballs. Next, go to the route you want to catch it on. This works if s the Arena Trap Pokemon is a higher level than the wild Pokemon there, and is lower than 50. Also, if you use a repel stand in the grass. Save the game. Check your Pokedex to see if it is on your route. If so, move around until you run into it. If it does not appear, restart the game and check again. Every time you restart the game, the Legendary Dog will be at a different location. Saving on the route in the grass ensures that it does not have a chance to leave before you encoutner it, and the Arena Trap prevents it from escaping once you do. Note: If the Pokemon uses Roar, you will not be able to find it again. Save the game after every time you encounter it, and work its HP down slowly. Attack only a few times then switch out Pokemon so that it can run. Having it stay in the Pokeball is the difficult part.
Information in this section was contributed by Awesome .
Finding any of the legendary dogs is a random event. Every time you enter or exit a route they will move. Your best chance to find them is to get a friend who has the Legendary Dog in your game and have him or her trade it to you so that you can track it down. Note: Do not forget Max Repels.
Information in this section was contributed by STARSKY10265 .
Hint : Legendary Birds:
To catch the three Legendary Birds, battle with a strong Pokemon that knows a Suffering Technique (Poison, Paralyze or Burning) or Immobilizing Technique (Sleep or Freezing). When you have applied the Status Changes, change this Pokemon with another strong Pokemon that is resistant to any attack of the bird's attacks (Water, Fire, Rock, Ground). Make sure these Pokemon are between levels 47 and 55. Attack the bird with only one super effective attack, then with other attacks. Take care of the birds' HP, more if they are poisoned or burned. To keep the birds from fainting, save the game before you battle them. If they faint, reset the game. When they are on the red part of their HP, throw an Ultra Ball.
Information in this section was contributed by Omar Patricio Juárez Alvarez .
Use the following trick to get Lugia, Zapdos, Moltres, and Articuno. It requires a Gamecube, link cable, Pokemon XD: Gale Of Darkness, and be able to trade on both games. You also must have captured Lugia, Moltres, Zapdos, and Articuno in Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness. Connect the Game Boy Advance to the Gamecube. On the Gamecube, go to the main menu. Go to the trading part where you can exchange the Pokemon from Pokemon Leaf Green. Trade the four legendary birds for whichever Pokemon desired. Note: You cannot trade eggs or Shadow Pokemon. To purify Lugia, get all nine sets in the purify chamber to full tempo, then place Lugia in any of the nine sets. It should say something is different about Lugia. Take Lugia out of the set and it will be purified.
Information in this section was contributed by karenc21 .
Hint: Johto Pokemon:
To get your first Pokemon from the Johto Region, defeat the Elite Four. Go to Island 3, then go in the tunnel. Talk to the man and he will give you a Nugget. Go out the door, and there will be a small patch of grass. Walk around in it, and you will find your first Johto Pokemon.
Hint: Baton Passers:
Information in this section was contributed by Alex .
To pass on Attack: Ninjask with Swords Dance (this is also good for speed).
To pass on Defense: Mr. Mime with Barrier.
To pass on Speed: Ninjask (recommended) or Girafarigwith Agility (Ninjask also has Speed Boost trait).
To pass on Special Defense: Gorebyss with Amnesia.
To pass on Special Attack: There are no moves that sharply increase Sp. Atk, so your best chance would be an Espeon with Calm Mind (this also increases Special Defense).
Note: If you pass on Speed, in rain, to a Pokemon with the Swift Swim trait, or a Pokemon with Chlorophyll in Sun, their speed will be increased even more.
Hint: Duplicate Pokemon:
Use the following trick to easily reproduce rare Pokemon, such as Charizard, Lapras, etc. Capture a Ditto in Pokemon Fire Red or Leaf Green. These can be found in the cave at Cerulean. Transfer your Ditto to Pokemon Sapphire or Ruby, then take it to the Daycare couple in Mauville and leave it there. The quickest way to get an egg is to cycle back and forth a few times in front of the Daycare Center until the old man comes out of the gate. The egg he gives you will hatch into the first evolution of whatever Pokemon you put into the daycare. For example, a Charizard will give you a Charmander. Trade with friends to get the other starters, breed an egg, then trade back. The hatched Pokemon will have you as the original trainer. Some Pokemon will not breed in this way, even though they have a gender (such as Latios and Latias).
Information in this section was contributed by Ray Martin.
Hint: Strong Pokemon:
To get a Pokemon that us extraordinarily strong, you must catch it at a low level (for example, level 3). The lower the level, the more powerful they can get when they level up. You also need to catch the Pokerus (Pokemon Virus). To get the Pokerus, you must not ever run from a battle -- you need to have the same Pokemon do an extreme amount of battling. Once a Pokemon gets it, the virus will spread to all the Pokemon in your party. They will grow extra strong from the boosted stats earned when leveling up. For example, if a level 3 Magikarp is caught and catches the virus when training, its stats will increase by 4 or 5 instead of the usual 3. As a result, when it gets to be a Gyrados at level 100, it will have over 400 HP. Also use Medicine to boost stats. The virus can only be caught once per Pokemon and does not last forever. It goes away after you go to the Pokemon Center too many times.
Information in this section was contributed by phong le .
Hint: Easy breeding:
When breeding, if the Pokemon you intend to breed is difficult to find catch a Ditto at about the same level as your other Pokemon. There is a better chance of getting eggs if the partners are almost the same level. For example, you can hatch eggs with Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtle, Eevee, Wynaut, and Togepi.
Information in this section was contributed by XxxTMANxxx .
The following baby Pokemon can be obtained through breeding. Note: If you have a Pokemon with a Ditto and the person outside says "They don't seem to like each other much", they will still create an egg. However it will take longer.
Dakota Windom
