Answers. 1 helpful answer below.
by Krista Brazeau on February 2nd, 2010
At Answerbag, we're lucky to work with great writers and researchers who help us answer some of your questions. Meet one of them!
Krista Brazeau
Krista Brazeau is a freelance writer whose work has appeared on eHow, Trails and Answerbag. She has several years of professional writing experience including press releases, general interest articles as well as how-to texts.
Great Answer
Professionally Researched. ( What's this? )
Professionally Researched
This great answer was researched and sourced by a professional writer, as well as copy-edited and fact checked by a professional copy-editor. This isn't a replacement for the combined knowledge of our tremendous community - it's an addition! We hope you'll find these professionally researched answers useful, and it will encourage you to ask and answer even more!
Those who are lucky enough to live in areas where the lush green foliage of the summer months shifts to a breathtaking rainbow of red, orange, yellow and brown are witnessing mother nature in all of her glorious wonder.
The Basics
Throughout the summer months, leaves get their green color from chlorophyll.  Chlorophyll allows plants to absorb sunlight, which in turn produces sugar that is used as food to keep the plants alive and thriving.
Features
Green leaf cells also contain carotenoids during the growing months, which will eventually produce orange, yellow and brown colors.
Effects
While chlorophyll is produced during the long days of summer, production slows as the days shorten and the nights increase until all of the chlorophyll is destroyed.  The yellow, orange and brown colors of the carotenoids and anthocyanins, which produce reds and deep plum colors, come to the surface to show off the beautiful shades of autumn.
Types
Not all leaves turn the same red, orange, yellow or brown during the fall season.  Different tree species, and even different types of trees and foliage within the same species, can result in varying color changes.
Weather
Moisture and temperature conditions during both the growth and decrease of the formation of chlorophyll determine not only the color, but the brilliance of the autumn leaves.  A warm rainy spring followed by a warm, sunny summer with cool nights will yield both a timely autumn as well as bright, vibrant colors.
Brilliant to Brown
Trees, such as oaks, are left with brown leaves as a result of wastes that remain.  However, as the leaves of all fall foliage reach the end of their life cycle and fall to the earth, they eventually dry up and begin the decomposition process, turning a brown color as they prepare to become part of the earth's recycling process, providing food and nutrients for future growing seasons.
Source:
