efﬁ ciency ( Björkmann 1968 ,  Balegh and Biddulph 1970 ,
McCree 1972 ,  Inada 1976 ). On an absorbed quantum basis,
the efﬁ ciency or photosynthetic quantum yield of green
light is comparable with that of red light, and greater than
that of blue light. The difference between the quantum
yields of green and blue light is particularly large in woody
plants grown outdoors in high light. The question of how
much green light is absorbed and used in photosynthesis by
the green leaves of land plants has therefore been solved. In
this mini-review, however, we aim at further clarifying
another important role of green light in photosynthesis,
by considering the intra-leaf proﬁ les of light absorption
and photosynthetic capacity of chloroplasts. First, we
brieﬂ y explain light absorption by the leaf. Secondly, we
examine the light environment within the leaf. Thirdly,
we compare the vertical, intra-leaf proﬁ le of photosynthetic
capacity with that of light absorption. We also discuss
some serious problems with the use of pulse amplitude
modulated (PAM) ﬂ uorometry in assessing leaf electron
transport rate and photoinhibition. Fourthly, we propose a
new method to measure the quantum yield of any mono-
chromatic light in white light, and demonstrate the effec-
tiveness of green light in strong white light. Based on these
arguments, we ﬁ nally revisit the enigmatic question of why
leaves are green.
Absorption of light by the leaf
Lambert–Beer's law deﬁ nes absorbance,  A , as,
(1)
where  I 0 is the intensity of the monochromatic light incident
on the surface of the optical cuvette, and  I T is that of the
transmitted light.  A is equal to  ε cl , where  ε is the absorption
coefﬁ cient of the pigment in the solution (m 2 mol –1 ),  c is the
concentration of the pigment (mol m –3 ) and  l is length of
the light path (m). Transmittance,  T , is deﬁ ned as  I T /I 0 . The
absorbance spectrum is the spectrum of  A (or  ε ) plotted
against the wavelength of monochromatic light. From Equa-
tion 1, it is obvious that the absorption spectrum does not
express absorptance straightforwardly. As we will see below,
it is dangerous to infer the absorptance of the leaf from the
apparent impression of the absorbance spectrum. Although
A is often called absorption, the common noun of the verb
‘absorb’, we use the term ‘absorbance’ in this article to avoid
confusion between absorption and absorptance.
As an optical system, the leaf differs from a pigment solu-
tion in two aspects: the concentration of pigments into
chloroplasts and the diffusive nature of plant tissues. The
ﬁ rst factor decreases the opportunity for light to encounter
pigments and generally decreases light absorption, and has
been called the sieve or ﬂ attening effect.
Once light that is strongly absorbed by chlorophylls, such
as blue or red, encounters a chloroplast, most of the light
is absorbed. Let us make the drastic assumption that the
chloroplast is a sac containing a solution of chlorophylls at
a concentration of 100 mol m –3 . This value is chosen because
(i) ordinary green leaves are a few hundred micrometers
thick; (ii) 50–80% of their volume comprises cells; and
(iii) chloroplasts occupy 5–10% of the cell volume. Given
that the values of  ε for the mixture of chlorophylls at blue
and red wavelengths are > 1.0×10 4 m 2 mol –1 , and the chloro-
plast thickness is 2  µ m, then  A of the chloroplast calculated
using Equation 1 is > 2. In other words, < 1% of the red or
blue light is transmitted through the chloroplast. On the
other hand, for wavelengths that are weakly absorbed, such
as green light,  T is considerable. When  ε for green light is
assumed to be 500 m 2 mol –1 ,  A and  T would be 0.05 and
79.4%, respectively.
Using a simple model shown in  Fig. 1 , let us consider how
the sieve effect is inﬂ uenced by wavelength. In the left-hand
cuvette, photosynthetic pigments are uniformly distributed,
whereas the right-hand model comprises one half-cuvette
with the pigments concentrated 2-fold and another half-
cuvette containing only the solvent. At wavelengths with
strong absorption, the loss of absorptance by the sieve effect
is large. On the other hand, at wavelengths of weak absorp-
tion such as green, the loss is marginal. The sieve effect,
therefore, strongly decreases absorptance at wavelengths of
strong absorption such as red and blue light. Because of this,
absorption spectra with strong sieve effects show ﬂ attened
absorption peaks; hence the alternative term ‘ﬂ attening
effect’.
Fig. 1  Model explaining the sieve effect on absorptance. Left: a cuvette
containing a pigment solution. Right: the pigment is concentrated in a
half-cuvette, while another half-cuvette contains only the solvent.
When the cuvette is uniformly irradiated with a strongly absorbed
monochromatic light, the decrease in absorptance by the sieve effect
was large (above), while in the case of weakly absorbed monochromatic
light the decrease in absorptance is small (below).
685
Plant Cell Physiol. 50(4): 684–697 (2009) doi:10.1093/pcp/pcp034 © The Author 2009.
Related Full-Text Papers for Free
Sign up to download and organize them across all your devices with Mendeley, for free.
Sign up today - FREE
Mendeley saves you time finding and organizing research. Learn more
All your research in one place
Add and import papers easily
Access it anywhere, anytime
