Vegetal, grassy, full-bodied
Brew
Preparing the perfect cup of tea is a process to be savored. Watch how the traditional elements harmoniously come together to make the perfect cup and enjoy the liberation of pure tea goodness.
This is what we call the Mighty Leaf signature multi-sensory ("sensory melange") tea experience. Come share with us and learn how to get infused.
Water
The quality of tea is affected by the quality of water used to prepare it. Using filtered or bottled water is best. If possible, avoid brewing tea with tap, distilled or mineral water. Never over-boil water, as it results in flat-tasting tea.
Fire
1) Heat filtered or bottled water to 140F-160F or in the alternative heat to a boil and let sit for 1-2 minutes. 2) While the water is heating pour hot water into your teapot and cups, let sit and then drain completely. A warm teapot will maintain the requisite temperature for superior tasting tea.
Whole Leaf Tea
Prepare Mighty Leaf teas using a teapot, paper tea sachet, infuser or traditional brewing methods. Use one level tablespoon of loose green tea per 12 ounces or cup of water.
Infusion Time
Pour boiling water over tea leaves. Keep teapot covered to retain heat. Time steeping carefully and infuse for 2 - 3 minutes.
Savor the Leaf
Sip your cup and rediscover the pleasure of the way tea was naturally meant to be. This is the magic of Mighty Leaf.
Origin
Shizuoka, Japan
Health Benefits
Both black and green tea originate from the same plant, the Camellia sinensis. However, the final product differs in style, taste and caffeine content due to differences in processing. Green teas are not fermented or fully oxidized like black teas, but instead steamed or pan fired.
Like black teas though, green tea contains an abundant source of natural plant-derived antioxidant compounds called polyphenols. Included within the broad antioxidant polyphenol class are flavonoids and catechins. A kind of flavonoid, catechins are found in tea leaves and may provide protective antioxidant action against harmful free radicals.
Research shows that these free radicals cause heart disease, some kinds of cancer and increase the risk of strokes. Drinking green tea with its high antioxidant levels help protect the body by combating dangerous free radical activity. Further health benefits of green tea may include lowering cholesterol, strengthening the immune system, promoting healthy blood vessel functionality and even protecting teeth and bones. In addition, green tea provides a source of nutrients including magnesium, Manganese, potassium, calcium, and the vitamins C and K all in trace amounts.
Use
Enjoy with a lighter colored or white fish and savory vegetables like spinach or asparagus.
Subscribe and save 5% with Regular Tea Rituals, our Auto-Delivery Program. Details
$34.00 $27.20
