15 Responses to “When Physics and Biology Don’t Agree: The Unrevealed Secret of the Color of Leaves”
Trevor Says...
On September 30, 2008 at 12:40 pm
Very informative.
On September 30, 2008 at 12:42 pm
That’s the answer I wanted. thanks
chenglee Says...
On September 30, 2008 at 12:44 pm
Brilliant explanation. Been waiting for that answer before.
bernadeth Says...
On October 3, 2008 at 12:40 pm
to be honest, it is a satisfying explanation but use better picture next time.
looking forward for your next article
Unofre Pili Says...
On October 12, 2008 at 2:28 am
Nice article. As far as physics is concern, the likely explanation it can offer is that light is an electromagnetic wave that is composed of several frequencies and we perceived them as colors. All object (opaque) give their colors by selective reflection ( selects a particular frequency). It turns out that the the atoms of most leaves in their younger stages have the ability to re-generate or reflect the frequency of light that the human  eye  perceives as green, therefore most leaves are green.However not all leaves do have the same atomic properties, therefore the occasional red and yellow ones.
MJPatrick Says...
On October 13, 2008 at 5:18 pm
Hi Unofre,
Thank you very much for the additional information. But why does the human eye doesn’t perceive it as blue, orange or any other color? A follow up article will coming soon…
Unofre Pili Says...
On October 14, 2008 at 9:33 am
Hi MJPPatrick,
You’re welcome, I hope it doesn’t offend you. I’m just sharing what I know a little about the physics of colors.
If the atoms of most leaves reflect the frequency of light that corresponds to blue. Then leaves would have been blue; similarly would have been orange or violet. But the only frequency reflected by most leaves is the one that corresponds to green, therefore the green color of most leaves.In addition, one of the colors in which the human eye is physiologically sensitive to is green together with red and blue. But leaves are not red and blue because they are absorbed by most leaves, thus depriving our eyes from perceiving leaves with those colors for our vision is dependent on the color(frequency) of light reflected by any opaque object.
Sincerely,
