Stuff on chlorophyll:
quote:
Chlorophyll is the molecule that traps this 'most elusive of all powers' - and is called a photoreceptor. It is found in the chloroplasts of green plants, and is what makes green plants, green. The basic structure of a chlorophyll molecule is a porphyrin ring, co-ordinated to a central atom. This is very similar in structure to the heme group found in hemoglobin, except that in heme the central atom is iron, whereas in chlorophyll it is magnesium.
There are actually 2 types of chlorophyll, named a and b. They differ only slightly, in the composition of a sidechain (in a it is - CH3, in b it is CHO). Both of these two chlorophylls are very effective photoreceptors because they contain a network of alternating single and double bonds, and the orbitals can delocalise stabilising the structure. Such delocalised polyenes have very strong absorption bands in the visible regions of the spectrum, allowing the plant to absorb the energy from sunlight.
quote:
The different sidegroups in the 2 chlorophylls 'tune' the absorption spectrum to slightly different wavelengths, so that light that is not significantly absorbed by chlorophyll a, at, say, 460nm, will instead be captured by chlorophyll b, which absorbs strongly at that wavelength. Thus these two kinds of chlorophyll complement each other in absorbing sunlight. Plants can obtain all their energy requirements from the blue and red parts of the spectrum, however, there is still a large spectral region, between 500- 600nm, where very little light is absorbed. This light is in the green region of the spectrum, and since it is reflected, this is the reason plants appear green. Chlorophyll absorbs so strongly that it can mask other less intense colours. Some of these more delicate colours (from molecules such as carotene and quercetin) are revealed when the chlorophyll molecule decays in the Autumn, and the woodlands turn red, orange, and golden brown. Chlorophyll can also be damaged when vegetation is cooked, since the central Mg atom is replaced by hydrogen ions. This affects the energy levels within the molecule, causing its absorbance spectrum to alter. Thus cooked leaves change colour - often becoming a paler, insipid yellowy green.
From: http://www.chm.bris.ac.uk/motm/chlorophyll/chlorophyll_h.htm
What it doesn't mention is that it is the Magnesium atom trapped in chlorophyll which makes it green. If it is removed, in certain diseases, the chlorophyll molecule is in fact PURPLE.
Why green? Presumeably, the chlorophyll is more cost effective in terms of energy and minerals than other chemicals. Perhaps it just a matter of evolutionary luck that the first pigment early plants made was chlorophyll. Perhaps the plants do not need all that much energy - too much in hot environments like Africa can cause them to overheat.
Variegated leaves and other types? Probably similar. Some might serve as warnings - don't eat me, I'm poisonous. Some might be just mutations that we humans have picked up on and cultivated though it is evolutionarily disadvantageous. It may be interesting to note variegated leaves are very rare in nature.
-------------
