Los Angeles, CA
9/3/2011
Approximately 2 years ago, I went here for my vegan brother's birthday party and felt the food we were served was not particularly noteworthy.  After all, I had been to Vien Hoang in Garden Grove in it's heyday, and was very familiar with gourmet S.E. Asian Buddhist food by this time.  I did not plan on returning.  
We were hiking in Griffith Park last night, and I think that we missed the last seating at Happy Family in Monterey Park so I reluctantly agreed to come here.  I was a bit forlorn on the way over, as I was planning to eat a lot of food at Happy Family to load up for Saturday's hike.  Since there were four of us, we were able to order seven new dishes, all of which were tasty and well prepared.  I really enjoyed everything we ordered and if I had any apprehension about this place before, the quality of this meal dissolved it completely.
THE FOOD:
Chicken drumsticks-crispy, salty, and good.  They were served sizzling hot with a lackluster sweet sauce.  Sauce piss poor, chicken finger lickin' good.  
Spicy Pumpkin Soup with vegetables-Fuck Yeah! (it is on the New menu)
Rock and Roll noodles-nice flat noodles, basil, tofu, onion, pepper, plum sauce, peanuts, bean sprouts.  Very good dish!  I could have eaten another order by myself.  They had a little bit of chili, but I would have liked something a bit better than the red sauce they served on the side.  
Pancakes and eggs- Pancakes I did not taste, but the tofu scrambler tasted like nasty backpacking eggs, only a little better.  Next time I will pass on this one.  
Quesadilla- Good fake cheese and nice savory mushroom or something in there.   I was dreading this dish at a Thai place, but would go here to get this alone.  It needed salsa, avocado, and sour cream but it was really good anyway.  
Spicy Eggplant with Basil- Fantastic, although I did not like the rice being served on the same plate.  It was the best dish of the evening.   Not too spicy, though.  
Nice, smiling service, and we felt welcome in our hiking clothes.  Some fresh chili might be nice here but a much better spiciness than Lotus Vegan for sure.
Was this review …?
