Fire Starter Pokémon - Charmander, Charmeleon, Charizard
Type: Fire (Fire/Flying as Charizard)
Ability: Blaze (Fire attacks' power increase at 1/3 HP or lower)
Evolves into Charmeleon at Lv 16, and Charizard at Lv 36
Movelist Highlights: Flamethrower
Base Stats (Final Evolution): 78 HP, 84 AT, 78 DF, 100 SP, 109 SAT, 85 SDF
Fire / Flying is an interesting type combination that actually helps the fire type by negating the Ground weakness. But unfortuantely, unlike Emboar from the Black / White generation , Charizard cannot fully utilize its type combo due to a limited movepool.
One of the only notably powerful moves that Charizard learns naturally is Flamethrower. And, even through TM/HMs, Charizard can only really learn Aerial Ace or Fly to utilize his second type.
The lacking movepool is a bit of a letdown, Charizard's stats are not a saving grace either. While obtaining the move Dragon Rage would imply having some dragon blood inside him, he certainly doesn't show it through his stats. Only 78 HP results in frailty, and Charizard's only notable stats are Speed and Special Attack. This is doubly unfortunate, as Charizard can learn powerful attack-based moves such as Earthquake and Brick Break.
Even still, with a combination of moves such as this: Flamethrower, Brick Break (TM) , Earthquake (TM), and Sword's Dance (Move Tutor), Charizard can definately wreak some havoc. However, with low HP and a x4 weakness, any powerful Rock attack will down this wannabe dragon fast.
Water Starter Pokémon - Squirtle, Wartortle, Blastoise
Type: Water
Ability: Torrent (Water attacks' power increase at 1/3 HP or lower)
Evolves into Wartortle at Lv 16, and Blastoise at Lv 36
Movelist Highlights: Hydro Pump, Rain Dance, Rapid Spin
Base Stats (Final Evolution): 79 HP, 83 AT, 100 DF, 78 SP, 85 SAT, 100 SDF
While Squirtle / Wartortle / Blastoise is a reliable starter Pokémon, and a great addition to any team, sadly, it faces fierce competition with several great Water types in the red/blue generation.
With a fairly lackluster movepool and stats focused on defense, Blastoise may be able to take quite a few hits before getting KOed, but it won't be able to do much more than that. Lack of move variety reduces strategy significantly, and unlike Swampert from Pokémon Ruby / Saphire , Blastoise simply doesn't have the attack strength to take down opponents.
Rain Dance can help increase this Pokémon's power. Usually, accuracy is preferred over strength, but since Blastoise doesn't have much KO potential, Hydro Pump and Blizzard (TM), may be better choices than Surf (HM) and Ice Beam (TM).
Even though Blastoise is a starter Pokémon, that doesn't mean it's the best of its kind. Starmie and Gyarados offers better attack, while Lapras may even be a better tank due to a larger movepool.
Starter Pokémon from Fire Red, Leaf Green - Conclusion
So what is the best starter Pokémon in Fire Red / Leaf Green? It's a toss-up between Venusaur and Charizard. Blastoise simply lacks the movepool variety and attack strength to be effective.
Venusaur learns one of the best moves in the game - Leech Seed - and can make it doubly deadly when using it together with Sleep Powder. Charizard offers more raw power, but cannot fully utilize it due to a lack of good moves (particularly, the lack of a strong Flying attack).
Between the two, Venusaur can absorb more blows and the Sleep Powder / Leech Seed combination can destroy a large amount of foes with relative ease. Charizard may pack some serious punch, but just doesn't have Venusaur's staying power.
Copyright Bradley Kairis . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Bradley Kairis - Bradley Kairis loves games, comedy, technology, politics, news and journalism. From the endlessly intricate strategies of Magic the ...
