Why Green Pepper Plants Turn Yellow
Written by Alecia Stuchlik
Photo: not quite ripe image by leemarusa from Fotolia.com
Photo: not quite ripe image by leemarusa from Fotolia.com
A popular vegetable, people often plant peppers in their gardens. Like other vegetables, peppers are susceptible to a variety of diseases, both fungal and bacterial. Symptoms of some of these diseases can cause your green pepper plants to wilt and turn yellow. By taking proper control and preventative measures, you can stave off disease and produce vigorous fruit.
Bacterial Spot
Symptoms of the bacterial spot, Xanthomanas vesicatoria, start with the appearance of small spots on the bottom of infected pepper leaves. As the spots mature, they turn purple with yellow margins and have black centers. Bacterial spot inhibits leaf growth, causing many leaves to become deformed, turn yellow and fall off. This seed-borne bacteria not only turns green pepper plant leaves yellow, but can also damage pepper fruit.
Cercospora Leaf Spot
A fungal leaf spot caused by Cercospora capsici, characteristics of Cercospora include gray spots with brown margins that appear on leaves and stems, according to the Department of Plant Pathology at Penn State. More severely infected leaves turn yellow and fall off. This particular fungus commonly affects pepper plants in warm and wet conditions. A seed-borne fungus, fungus spores can also spread via the wind.
Southern Blight
Many vegetables can be affected by southern blight, Sclerotium rolfsii. Encouraged by wet, warm weather, this fungus starts at the crown of an infected plant, producing brown fungal growths that spread over soil and plant stem. Afflicted green pepper plants wilt very quickly, turning yellow and then brown, as they die. Sclerotium rolfsii can survive a long time in soil.
Controlling Disease
With peppers, Mississippi State University recommends applying a fungicide to help control Cercospora leaf spot, bacterial leaf spot, and other fungi infections. Spray every 7 to 10 days unless severe, then spray every 5 days. Read and follow label carefully before using any fungicides. When outbreaks do occur, destroy any debris to prevent spread. For blighted plants, pull them up and burn them. To control Sclerotium rolfsii, practice crop rotation, deep plowing to push fungus far below the surface, and mix a solution like Terraclor in transplant water.
Preventing Disease
By taking proper measures, you can prevent diseases that afflict pepper plants. Since wet environments encourage fungus, make certain you adequately space your peppers and plant them in loose, well-drained soil. Buying disease resistant varieties of peppers, treating seeds before planting, and rotating crops will also help decrease the chance of disease afflicting your peppers.
References
