What the finished International Space Station will look         like
Image courtesy of NASA
The picture at the right shows the     International Space Station as it will look when finished. People will live and work only     in the relatively small, slender cylinders in the middle of the construction. The rest of     the station -- the flat, black things -- are solar panels. These panels     convert sunlight energy into energy usable by people inside the station.
Well, those solar panels are doing exactly the main thing done by most leaves     on most kinds of green plants: They are capturing sunlight energy,     which is something needed by all living things, from bacteria to backyard trees to people     living in space. The problem of acquiring energy is always one of the most     important considerations any living thing has to deal with.
Therefore, a leaf's main job is usually this:
To present its broad surface to the sun so       that inside the leaf's' green tissue the almost-magical process of photosynthesis can take place.
PHOTOSYNTHESIS
Now, during photosynthesis, sunlight energy is used to power chemical reactions that     combine water with the air's carbon dioxide to form starchy carbohydrate. In other words,     during photosynthesis, sunlight energy is stored in carbohydrate for later use. Here's a     simplified chemical formula for photosynthesis
CO2 + 2H2O + sunlight         ---> O 2 + (C H2O)n + H2 O
or...
carbon dioxide + water + sunlight --->
oxygen + carbohydrate + water
NOTE: the formula can be presented in           other ways as well, for example by representing the carbohydrate as C6 H12O6 instead of (C H2O)n
Some carbohydrate remains in the leaf but mostly it's transported     elsewhere in the plant, perhaps into the stem, or maybe into special underground storage     areas, such as the potato plant's potatoes.
THOUGHTS BEYOND THE CHEMISTRY
Don't lose sight of the fact that according     to that wonderful chemical formula above, during photosynthesis leaves such as the Red     Maple leaves at the left take two essentially transparent items -- carbon dioxide gas and     water  -- and with energy from sunlight combine them into the substance making up the     largest part of any plant you look at.  Look at the biggest tree and by golly it's     mostly carbohydrate and water, and that carbohydrate has been produced from gas and water,     with the process being fueled by sunlight.
Surely this is one of the most amazing facts in the Universe, but we seldom think about     it.
Also, notice that when we burn wood, basically we're doing the photosynthesis formula in reverse.  We're breaking down the carbohydrate and producing carbon dioxide gas     and water, plus energy, which, like sunlight, feels hot and looks bright. In a real sense,     first sunlight was captured in the carbohydrate, then the carbohydrate was kept for a     while in the plant, and now as the plant burns the sunlight's energy is being released     again.
OTHER THINGS LEAVES DO
Leaves do serve other purposes, including the following:
On the tree:
they create shade that cools the forest  in the summer
they keep wind from drying out the forest ecosystem
they provide food for a complex community of herbivorous             organisms, including deer and many kinds of insects, which in turn serve as food for             insectivorous birds
Fallen onto on the ground:
they are like a blanket that keeps the soil from temperature             extremes
they keep the soil from drying out
they decay and enrich the soil with organic matter and nutrients             that can be recycled
SOMETHING WORTH THINKING ABOUT
It's worth reflecting about the fact that if we humans were put into a room filled with     nothing but carbon dioxide, we'd die pretty quickly.  In the same way, if all     photosynthesizing plants were removed from the Earth, before long we oxygen-needing     animals would die.
Now consider this: Right now humans are destroying Earth's photosynthesizing plant     communities, especially rainforests and algae in the oceans (agricultural herbicides and     many kinds of pollution drain into the oceans) as if our lives did not depend on     them...
Therefore, wWhen we speak of leaves photosynthesizing, we're referring to something     profoundly important and special. If you'd like to really get into the matter, learning     you might consider taking classes from an online school -- there are many biology and chemistry degrees     available. You may also consider simply reading more about the process from another science     resource site.
BOOKS ON
