How do plants make food?
David learns why plants are green and how water is transported in plants.
What happens inside plants when the sun is shining or when it is raining?
How do plants in the desert survive?
How important are plants to our environment?
What might happen if there were none?
DISCUSSION
Of all the organisms in the natural world, green plants are the only ones that manufacture their own food. This process is called photosynthesis and begins when light strikes the plant's leaves (both sunlight and artificial light can power this process). Cells in the plant's leaves, called chloroplasts , contain a green pigment called chlorophyll which interacts with sunlight to split the water in the plant into its basic components.
Carbon dioxide enters the leaf through holes called stomata and combines with the stored energy in the chloroplasts through a chemical reaction to produce a simple sugar. The sugar is then transported through tubes in the leaf to the roots, stems and fruits of the plants. Some of the sugar is used immediately by the plant for energy; some is stored as starch; and some is built into a more complex substance, like plant tissue or cellulose.
Fortunately for us, plants often produce more food than they need, which they store in stems, roots, seeds or fruit. We can obtain this energy directly by eating the plant itself or its products, like carrots, rice or potatoes. Photosynthesis is the first step in the food chain which connects all living things. Every creature on earth depends to some degree on green plants.
The oxygen that is released by the process of photosynthesis is an essential exchange for all living things. Forests have been called the "lungs of the earth" because animals inhale oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide in the process of breathing, and plants take in carbon dioxide and give off oxygen in the process of photosynthesis.
But every year, over 28 million acres of tropical forest are cut and then burned to clear land for farming. Deforestation is also blamed for the "greenhouse effect" (global warming) which results from the build-up of carbon dioxide and other gases.
Things to Talk About
The Newton's Apple segment on photosynthesis talks about a few of the implications of rain forest destruction for people around the world. What are other possible implications? What do you think should be done?
How is the carbon-oxygen cycle between animals and plants like a battery that powers our biosphere?
Why is the term "food chain" a good metaphor? Would the metaphor "food web" work as well?
Chlorophyll--A green substance which gives leaves their color. Chlorophyll absorbs energy from sunlight which a plant uses to make food.
Chloroplast--A plastid that contains chlorophyll and is the site where photosynthesis and starch formation occur.
Photosynthesis--The formation of carbohydrates in the chlorophyll-containing tissues of plants exposed to light.
Stomata--A very small hole in the surface of a leaf. Oxygen and carbon dioxide from the air enter through the stomata; oxygen, carbon dioxide and water vapor leave through the stomata.
Resources
Bonnet, Robert L. & Keen, Daniel G. Botany: 49 Science Fair Projects. Blue Ridge Summit, PA, Tab Books, 1989.
"How Green Plants Make and Use Foods." Minneapolis, MN: University of Minnesota Films, 1984.
Education/Research Systems, Inc. Project Learning Tree: Supplementary Activity Guide for Grades K 6. The American Forest Council, Washington, DC, 1988.
Additional Sources of Information
