Favorite Fish:: all of them along with mermaids and me I'm a Pisces.
Subject: Re: anubias leaves turning yellow why?   
11/14/2010, 11:47 pm
I will kindly just say I disagree and think you have you need potassium .
Iron - is Required for photosynthesis, component of enzymes utilized in redox reactions.
as to where
Potassium - is for  Protein synthesis, water and charge balance, enzyme activation.
my anubias  also where going  yellow on some of the leaves using potassium got them back in to shape.
is flourish all you use for dosing? flourish just has the micros  if that is the case. then dosing marcos of n,p,and k will help you a lot. also I would go with a little more lighting too.  anubias can also adapt to lighting, I have 39x2 t5 ho lighting single bulb reflectors (high lighting) and the anubias don't seem to mind it.  the trick to having low light plants in a high light tank..  is to keep the low light plants in the shape where you can have them shaded by high light plants.
the high light plants will still get there lighting and the low light plants will still get light but just not as much as the high light plants...
Potassium - Protein synthesis, water and charge balance, enzyme activation.
Boron - Chlorophyll production, flowering, root growth, cell function.
Carbon - Required for all organic compounds.
Calcium - Cell wall stability and permeability, enz...yme activation, cell response to stimuli.
Chlorine - Water and charge balance, photosynthesis.
Copper - Component of enzymes utilized in redox reactions that take place during photosynthesis.
Iron - Required for photosynthesis, component of enzymes utilized in redox reactions.
Magnesium - Component of chlorophyll, enzyme activation.
Manganese - Formation of amino acids, enzyme activation.
Molybdenum and Cobalt - Required for nitrate reduction.
Nickel - Enzyme activation, processing of nitrogenous material.
Sulfur - Component of proteins and the coenzymes that are involved with nutrient utilization and growth.
Zinc - Chlorophyll production, enzyme activation.
Note that Oxygen and Hydrogen are also required, but are available at all times through water
 
