Storm water retention and treatment
Erosion Control
How is Green Mountain Compost made?
GMC Complete Compost is a very mature, fully composted, and odor free compost. It is an all-natural product made form a diverse blend of:
Yard Trimmings – Leaves and grass clippings from local residents and landscapers
Food Scraps – From restaurants, supermarkets, cafeterias and food manufacturers
Nutrient-Rich Horse and Chicken Manure – from local farmers and stables
Compost is screened to 3/8” or ½”
No sewage sludge or chemicals are added
Our compost is approved for use on organic farms
Once blended, our compost is kept under aerobic conditions where a large diversity of microbial life go to work converting waste into the dark, rich compost we know and love.
What is the pH of Green Mountain Compost products?
The pH of GMC Complete Compost is typically above neutral or slightly alkaline. For planting or amending soils around blueberries, azaleas, rhododendrons, and other acid-loving plants, we recommend adjusting the pH of the soil over time by adding elemental sulfur or peat moss or by mulching with pine needles or pine bark mulch.
The pH of GMC Premium Topsoil is usually very close to neutral, but can also be amended with sulfur (to increase acidity) or lime (to increase alkalinity) depending on desired growing conditions.
Annual soil tests are the best way to tell what your lawn or garden needs for whatever it is you’re trying to grow. Contact your local agricultural college or extension service for a soil test sample kit and more information.
What’s this white fungus-like stuff growing in my compost?
Green Mountain Compost soil mixes are not sterilized. Our compost and compost-based mixes are full of beneficial microorganisms that play a key part in helping your plants grow. Given the right conditions, you may see white mycelium from beneficial fungi interacting with other components of the soil. This is normal and is not harmful to your plants.
What Can I Compost?
What to do with your non-compostable items
What are PAHs?
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons (PAHs), are a group of compounds formed from incomplete combustion that are normally present in varying concentrations in urban environments. They are released into the atmosphere every time we run our vehicles, light a fire to heat our homes, or smoke a cigarette. You also find them on burnt toast or charred meat. They’re pretty much everywhere in our environment.
PAHs are present in minute quantities (parts per billion) in Green Mountain Compost products. The reason that PAHs are showing up in our products is that a large part of the mix of ingredients in our compost is leaves and yard waste. PAHs are readily absorbed into leaves during their lifespan. PAHs break down much more slowly than other materials that make up our compost, which can result in concentrations that may be equal to or slightly higher than normal background levels found in soil in the greater Burlington area.
The State of Vermont has determined that PAHs do not pose acute health risks at low levels such as those found in our compost when applied according to normal usage guidelines (a ratio of 1 part compost to a minimum of 2 parts native soil). Other products, such as Seed Starter Mix and Potting Soil, contain only a small amount of compost and therefore fall well within established guidelines.
PAHs are byproducts of an urban environment. As long as people keep driving their vehicles and heating their homes, we cannot completely prevent them from entering the compost.
There are currently no State or Federal standards for PAHs in compost. We will continue to work with the State of Vermont to ensure that PAHs found in our compost remain within acceptable levels by taking the following measures:
Institute sampling regimen on feedstock suspected to contain PAHs and on every finished lot of compost
Leaves from sources that may have high concentrations of PAHs will be segregated and not used to produce compost
Run an experiment to determine whether more aeration will speed up the breakdown of PAHs
Continue working with the State of Vermont to investigate background PAH contamination levels that exist in leaves and soils around the region
Green Mountain Compost Soil Analysis 5-27-10
Where can I bring wood and Christmas trees?
Green Mountain Compost does not accept woody material larger than 1/2 inch in diameter. Please bring large, woody material to the McNeil Wood and Yard Waste Depot . They also accept Christmas trees free of tinsel, paint, and other decorations. For other options on where to bring wood including stumps, see the CSWD A to Z list .
Do you accept biodegradable, compostable, or photodegradable plastics?
Some plastics are labeled “degradable,” “photodegradable,” or “biodegradable.” These products may disintegrate depending on conditions, but are not by definition “compostable” and are not accepted at Green Mountain Compost. See more detail on compostable plastics on our Bioplastics page.
Do you deliver?
Yes!
We can deliver up to 8 yards of Compost, Top Soil and Raised Bed mix or up to 10 yards of Mulch or Microbe Mulch.
