Home / Fall Foliage: Why Leaves Change Color and Other Useful Information
Fall Foliage: Why Leaves Change Color and Other Useful Information
Tweet
Image Source: Flickr. By: Jeff Kubina.
Fall is here, which means the leaves are starting to change color. This is the last season of color we get before the world turns to a drab white, brown, black and grey. It’s also one of the most spectacular times of the year to go for a hike. Whether you live near the Swiss Alps or the Rocky Mountains, sometimes nothing is more amazing than walking amongst the trees as their leaves turn to pumpkin orange, golden yellow, or scarlet red. It also makes for great photo opportunities!
Given all that information, have you ever wondered why the leaves change color? Why don’t they simply fall off the trees while they’re still green? Why do they have to fall off the trees (or other wild plants) at all?
As the weather becomes colder and the sunlight decreases, the tree starts to shut down. The trunk and thick branches can withstand a harsh winter, but the flimsy little leaves cannot. So, the tree basically cuts off the food supply to the leaves and any other plant tissue that cannot live through the winter. This is to ensure the tree’s survival. With the exception of Oak leaves, once this food supply cutoff is completed, the leaves fall off the tree. Oak leaves will stay attached to the tree even through winter.
During this cutoff process is when the color changing happens. First, you might see orange or yellow colored leaves. These colors appear when the chlorophyll (which makes them green) goes away. Red coloring comes from the food still trapped in the leaves and the brown colors appear when there is waste trapped in the leaves.
If you’re wondering when the best time is to see the colors, well, that varies greatly. Different trees change color at different times and the zone and climate you’re in also plays a role. However, trees typically change color anytime between late September and early November. It should also be noted that the color of the leaf depends on the type of tree. For example: Oaks and Dogwoods will turn a reddish or brown color, Birches and Poplars will turn a yellowish color, and Maples can turn any shade of orange, red or yellow.
To find out more about Autumn foliage (including some projects for the kids), check out these links:
