By James Dimon
Why is my Poop Green? Okay, if you find yourself not wanting anyone to enter the room and see over your shoulder exactly what your reading. That's okay. We don't make a habit socially of discussing these matters as often as we should. agreed, but if your reading this, it's probably because either you or someone you care about has passed green feces and your not exactly sure what to make of it. Read on....
Most causes of a green color in your stool can be drawn back to simply your diet. Healthy adults and children may experience this from time to time due to the consumption of green vegetables such as spinach. or other common greens.
Other causes that you probably wouldn't guess are certain candies, dies in ice creams and even iron in your system.
If not your diet, you could also see a green color produced due to the bile released in your small intestine passing through your large intestine too quickly.
In most cases all of these causes are harmless and temporary, however if this problem persists, it is recommend that you see a doctor right away to ensure that it is not something more serious.
That said, if you are experiencing other symptoms besides just a green stool, such as constipation, diarrhea, digestive problems, weight gain, a protruding gut, difficulty losing weight around your mid section or very small pencil thin stools. You may have a far different problem caused by undigested food and fecal matter built up in your colon.
This may also be due to parasites that could be living in your intestines making matters worse. If that is happening, you should look immediately into conducting a colon cleanse . Many are completely safe and do not require visiting a doctor. Many you can do naturally, right in the comfort of your own home with complete privacy.
Studies suggest that a healthy colon has three bowel movements a day. Ask yourself: Am I crapping thrice a day? If not, you may have a problem!
Don't make a scene just cause it's green
Nobody can say you didn't warn them with this T...
I POOP EASILY! Jr. Jersey T-Shirt
I totally give a crap about hearing from you!
Leave me your 2 cents and rate my lens....Don't forget to leave a backlink to your favorite site. We "Do-Follow" around here!
