If the above two things are not effective, try pumping for a few minutes with a hand, electric (low setting) or “juice-jar” breast pump.
While nursing
Gentle breast compressions and massage during the nursing session can reduce engorgement.
After nursing for a few minutes to soften the breast, it may be possible to obtain a better latch by removing baby from the breast and re-latching.
Between feedings
If your breast is uncomfortably full at the end of a feeding or between feedings, then express milk to comfort so that the breasts do not become overfull.
Hand expression may be most helpful (though obviously second to breastfeeding) as this drains the milk ducts better.
Mom might also use a hand pump or a quality electric pump on a low setting for no more than 10 minutes (engorged breast tissue is more susceptible to damage). A “juice-jar” pump may also be used.
Massaging the breast (from the chest wall toward the nipple area) is helpful prior to and during milk expression.
It’s not good to let the breasts get too full, but you also don’t want to overdo the pumping, as too much pumping will encourage overproduction. If you do need to express milk for comfort, your need to express will likely decrease gradually over time; if it does not, then try gradually decreasing the amount you express.
Use cold compresses (ice packs over a layer of cloth) between feedings; 20 minutes on, 20 minutes off; repeat as needed.
Cabbage leaf compresses can also be helpful.
Many moms are most comfortable wearing a well fitting, supportive bra. Avoid tight/ill-fitting bras, as they can lead to plugged ducts and mastitis .
Talk to your health care provider about using a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory such as ibuprofen ( approved by the American Academy of Pediatrics for use in breastfeeding mothers ) to relieve pain and inflammation.
AVOID:
Excess stimulation (for example, don’t direct a shower spray directly on the breasts).
Application of heat to the breasts between feedings. This can increase swelling and inflammation. If you must use heat to help with milk flow, limit to a few minutes only.
Restricting fluids. This does not reduce engorgement. Drink to thirst.
Contact your lactation consultant or health care provider if:
Engorgement is not relieved by these measures.
Baby is unable to latch or is not having enough wet/dirty diapers .
You have mastitis symptoms: red/painful breast, temperature greater
than 100.6 degrees F, chills, body aches, flu-like symptoms.
You have any questions.
Other treatments for engorgement
Cabbage
Applying cabbage leaf compresses to the breast can be helpful for moderate to severe engorgement. There is little research on this treatment thus far, but there is some evidence that cabbage may work more quickly than ice packs or other treatments, and moms tend to prefer cabbage to ice packs.
What are cabbage compresses used for?
Engorgement.
Extreme cases of oversupply , when the usual measures for decreasing supply (adjusting nursing pattern, nursing “uphill,” etc.) are not working
During weaning , to reduce mom’s discomfort and decrease milk supply.
Sprains or broken bones, to reduce swelling.
To use cabbage leaves:
Green cabbage leaves may be used chilled or at room temperature.
Wash cabbage leaves and apply to breasts between feedings.
For engorgement or oversupply: Limit use as cabbage can decrease milk supply. Leave on for 20 minutes, no more than 3 times per day; discontinue use as soon as engorgement/oversupply begins to subside.
During the weaning process: Leave the leaves on the breast until they wilt, then apply new leaves as often as needed for comfort.
For further information on how to use cabbage leaves:
