thoughtfulanimal [at] gmail [dot] com
Home
Jason G. Goldman is a doctoral student in Developmental Psychology at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. His research focuses on the evolution and architecture of the mind, and how different early experiences might affect innate knowledge systems. He received his B.A. in Psychology in 2007, and his M.A. in Psychology in 2009, both from USC.
In addition, Jason is a freelance science writer. His blog The Thoughtful Animal , which discusses behavior and cognition in humans and animals, is hosted by Scientific American (previously, Scienceblogs ). One reader described his blog as “very casual, like a friend talking to you over coffee.”
The Thoughtful Animal has been featured by The New York Times , The Guardian , The Wall Street Journal , The Huffington Post , and USA Today , among other outlets (see “In The News” ). He has also contributed to the Scientific American print magazine, The Guardian , LAist , and elsewhere (see “ Popular Press “).
Jason writes about psychology and neuroscience, with a special focus on animal cognition and the evolution of the mind. How does experience interact with biology in producing complex behaviors? What are the basic building blocks of the mind, and how did they evolve? How do they develop throughout the lifetime?
Understanding the animal mind can help us better understand the human mind – and, in some ways, understanding the human mind can likewise help us understand the minds of non-human animals. And as scientists continue to discover ways in which humans and non-human animals are more similar than they are different, what does that mean for our complex relationship with the rest of the animal kingdom?
The psychology of food and of eating are also topics he revisits often.
Jason is also Psychology and Neuroscience Editor for ScienceSeeker.org and Editor of the 2010 edition of The Open Laboratory .
You can follow him on twitter , on Google+ and on Facebook .
Latest Posts from Scientfic American
Chimpanzee Infanticide at the LA Zoo: Common Occurrence or Cause For Alarm?
Fri, 29 Jun 2012 12:30:17 +0000
Sometimes, zoo animals behave unnaturally. Most animals on display at zoos are not really designed for captive living. If you’ve been to a zoo, no doubt you’ve noticed evidence of this: a tiger who paces back and forth, or a monkey that does nothing but circle the enclosure. Life in captivity can even result in [...]
How Anteaters Decide What To Eat
Thu, 28 Jun 2012 13:30:04 +0000
The Giant Anteater, Myrmecophaga tridactyla, only eats ants and termites, as its name suggests. Since the giant anteater and its evolutionary ancestors have been feasting on ants and termites for nearly 60 million years, a researcher named Kent Redford hypothesized that, over time, ants and termites may have evolved various defenses to avoid predation. In [...]
The Average Bear Is Smarter Than You Thought
Wed, 20 Jun 2012 12:45:11 +0000
Yogi Bear always claimed that he was smarter than the average bear, but the average bear appears to be smarter than once thought. Psychologists Jennifer Vonk of Oakland University and Michael J. Beran of Georgia State University have taken a testing methodology commonly used for primates and shown not only that the methodology can be [...]
Sidewalk Science: A Different Approach To Outreach
Tue, 12 Jun 2012 13:30:00 +0000
Last week (June 5, 2012), the lucky citizens of Earth were in just the right place to watch Venus’s transit across the face of the sun. While this occurred just eight years ago as well, it won’t happen again for more than a century. The next time any Earthling will be able to watch Venus [...]
UPDATE: Guilty Dogs on the Radio
Tue, 05 Jun 2012 17:55:59 +0000
Just a quick announcement that I’ll be on a short segment of The Aaron Rand Show, on Montreal’s CJAD 800 radio station this afternoon tomorrow afternoon, June 6, around 3:45pm eastern (12:45pm pacific). The topic will be dog guilt. If you’re in or around Montreal, I expect you can simply tune into AM 800. For [...]
