1 - 1.3 m (3.25 - 4.3 ft)
Tail
64 - 90 cm (25 - 35 inches)
Weight
22 - 39 Kgs (49 - 86 lbs)
Life Expectancy
Up to 26 Yrs (in captivity)
Main Characteristics
Giant Anteaters are the largest species of anteater. They have a body length between 1 and 1.3 m (3.25 - 4.3 ft), a tail length between 64 and 90 cms (25 - 35 inches) and they weigh between 22 and 39 kgs (49 - 86 lbs).
They have a small face with small eyes and ears, and their snout is long and tubular. They have large front legs and strong claws on their front feet. They walk on their knuckles to protect their claws from wear.
They have a narrow body and their tail is long and bushy. They are coloured grey/brown and their fur is long and coarse. They have a long tongue that is covered in tiny backward facing spines and sticky saliva that they use to capture their prey .
Giant Anteaters do not have a good sense of sight or hearing but their sense of smell is excellent. They are generally silent and most communication occurs between a mother and her young. They communicate by snorts, hisses, sniffs and if they are alarmed or fighting sometimes they roar.
Habitat
Giant Anteaters inhabit grasslands, deciduous forests and rain forests of central and south America. They are solitary animals and are active during the day. They have a home range up to 25 sq. kms (10 sq. miles) depending on food availability.
Diet
Giant Anteaters mainly feed on ants and termites, and they have been known to eat up to 30,000 insects per day. They also eat soft bodied grubs and occasionally fruit and eggs.
They rip open ants nests and termite mounds with their clawed front feet and they use their long , sticky tongue to eat their prey.
Breeding
After a gestation period of 190 days, one young is born weighing approximately 1.3 Kgs (2.8 lbs). When they are born they have a full coat and adult like markings, and they ride around on their mothers back.
When they reach 6 months old they are weaned but they stay with their mother until she becomes pregnant again.
Giant Anteaters become sexually mature when they are between 2.5 and 4 years of age. They tend to breed all year round but breeding is seasonal in some parts of their range.
Predators
The main predators of Giant Anteaters are mountain lions , jaguars and humans
Subspecies
There are two subspecies of the Giant Anteater:
Myrmecophaga tridactyla artata
