Me: not updating in ages.
You: meh. Stupid bastard.
Me: ok, you asked for it. Massive update!
There are many things happening at Chez Entropez these here days.
Last night Chris and I bought airline tickets for our family trip to Disneyland! Where we will join the throngs of shiny-faced happy consumers!
Yes we will. Yes we will. And we’ll have a good time doing it. Chris and I have been and we both know that in spite of the glaring commercialism, Disneyland is done right and the kids will have a lot of fun. We’ve also invited Chris’ parents, who enthusiastically agreed.
This is something that was my idea, and that I’ve been pushing for three or four years now. I want it before my beloved girls are too wrapped up in boys and friends and jobs and life to really enjoy it. On the other hand, I found myself wondering this morning if I’m not trying to create a cliched Family Vacation, the sort that Chris had growing up, and I didn’t.
No matter. My personal issues will be irrelevant, and we will have a good time and make memories.
We are going to plunk down a wad of cash on new windows. Chez Entropez has the original single pane aluminum framed mold-culturing heat sinks. When it’s cold, you can practically watch the money flow out through the huge living room window. We have to get an energy audit done, because we will qualify for some substantial government rebates. Our next door neighbors, who have the same plan built by the same builder, told me that their gas bill was cut about in half.
We may replace our furnace in the same breath, which will complete the major systems upgrades we have to do on Chez Entropez. There are still major renos to be done, on the kitchen and all the bathrooms, and paint, and new flooring in the family room, but those can all wait for a bit.
I replaced the purple toilet in the main bathroom last weekend. It was a shade that brings new meaning to the word ‘dated’, and an example of why you shouldn’t follow trends too closely. If you are going to trend, trend gently. The people who come after you will thank you.
It had started running constantly. I looked at it, and one of the supports for the flapper valve had broken off years ago and it had been fixed with a chunk of wire that looked like it had been cut from a hanger. That wire had rusted through and parted. So I got a new flapper valve ($4), but it didn’t fit because the flapper valve supports were molded into the standpipe on the old toilet. So I got a new standpipe and valve assembly ($7), but when I went to take the tank off to replace same, the bolts were so badly rusted that my changes of getting them off without breaking the tank were vanishingly close to zero.
Since we would have had to replace the toilet when we redo the bathroom anyway, we went to Home Depot and got a toilet-in-a-box ($300). But the fun wasn’t done yet, of course – and those of you who have replaced toilets in old houses will know what comes next.
The bolts holding the toilet to the flange were likewise heavily rusted, of the ‘looks like they are wearing a thick brown fur coat’ sort of rust, and of the ‘oh my now that I’ve scraped the furry rust off I can see that this nut which was once 1/2″ has divested so much of itself to flaky oxidation that it is now maybe 3 irregular 8ths’…
I ended up breaking the old purple monstrosity to get it off. And then I had to clean off the old wax seal. If you have done this before, and you imagine you know how disgusting this was, I assure you it was more disgusting than that.
But the new toilet is in now, and installed, and fabulous, and it only took 1 trip to the hardware store to get it installed, because it is a comfort height toilet and the old feed line was 1/4″ too short. Of course, the new lines only come in 4″ increments, so now there’s enough slack in the feed line to allow me to crap in low earth orbit should I choose to.
Which I do not.
The legal status of HouseApe 1.0 and who has to pay how much to whom is finally drawing to a close. For something governed by clear-cut family law, this has been a drawn out process, and by the time the ink is dry on the court orders it will have been over 2 years. I may go into detail on all of this at some point, but now is not the time. Let me just say that there was (and is) some serious butthurt over HA 1.0′s moving, and some people in this saga have done everything they can to make things as difficult for other people as possible without involving barbed wire and gunplay.
Let me just say this to anyone who is either involved in this sort of family situation, or contemplating it. Don’t be a dick. Kids are smart and they will figure out who is a dick and who isn’t. You don’t  have to tell them. In fact, you can’t tell them, because most kids are smart as hell and they’ll quickly figure out what the damn scoop is. And if you’re a dick, they’ll figure that out.
There is more family drama going on with my family. For some reason Chris’ family doesn’t suffer from this sort of stuff much, and I sometimes wonder who has the unusual family. Sufficeth it to say, I cannot discuss much of this particular drama, save to note that it is taking up a smallish amount of time but a great deal of psychic energy and worry stars. Fortunately I have spare worry stars as my children don’t give me much cause to use them.
Though I make light here, this is a very difficult and troublesome drama and I wish I could wave a wand and fix it. And I wish I could be closer to those involved. And I wish I could be all things to all people involved and take the burden onto my shoulders, but I cannot. All I can do is offer an ear and (god I hope) some carefully chosen words of advice.
We finally got a Big Green Egg . Size large. I don’t have a large enough sample to determine whether or not it is in fact the world’s best smoker and grille, but I will say that it is pretty damn good. The supplier didn’t have the thing in stock (a ‘plate setter’) that I need to use it as a smoker or forno, but we have been grilling up a storm – sausages, weiners, hamburgers (these are really really really good), tequila-marinated chicken… Natural lump charcoal is teh bomb and while I must confess that I used briquettes some at the beginning (at the risk of being drummed out of the Ranks of the Charcoalogically Pure) I have now been 100% converted and the tiny half-bag of briquettes I still have will only be used as ammunition, and strictly for defensive purposes. If Saul had been a bit more tubby and more interested in slow-cooked meaty comestibles, there would be startling similarities between our conversions. The fact that mine occurred over a burger of ground pork might have given ol’ Saul pause, however.
And in fact there’s been so much going on that even after all that I have had to stop and think a good long while to see if that is all, and indeed it isn’t all, although the remaining Things which have been Going On are generally less Weighty, and in all respects less Meaty, than those things I have heretofore related. So there, my dear friends, is where I will leave this for now.
