Amazon Adventure Night
2nd Jan 06
Massacre in Dinosaur Valley first spotted me at this years FrightFest, from one of those DVD stalls that The Cinema Store put up every year. “Oi you,” it whispered, “check me out. I’m starring that guy from 2019: After the Fall of New York and written by the guy who wrote The Beyond and Bronx Warriors!” Really? That sounds like a ridiculous low-budget Italian combination made in pure cannibal heaven, it can’t possibly be true.
But after a few clicks around imdb.com (what would we do without it?), it was soon obvious that it wasn’t lying after all. Great, there’s half a Zombie Club right there, but what could go with it? Wait a minute, what’s this? Imdb.com says “If you like this title, we also recommend...” Treasures of the Amazon. Treasure hunts, breasts, gore, Donald Pleasance as a Nazi, and more breasts? Sold to the three smiling Zombie Clubbers in the corner. Hell yeah.
This evening’s cinematic adventure was brought to you by Jim in association with lots and lots and lots of breasts.
 
The Treasure of the Amazon (1985)
Plot
Diamonds, cannibals and breasts.
Jim
“It’s a true story, but set in a fictitious place?” quizzed Rawshark as some rather confusing captions rolled over the title credits. But what title credits though; luscious Amazonian landscapes, beautiful clear water, savage wild beasts that aren’t taken from stock footage, half naked natives, and an ancient looking steamboat driven by your standard issue “alcohol swigging captain” (thanks Rawshark). Welcome to the quite amazing Treasures of the Amazon.
“Oh, it’s a treasure hunt movie” exclaimed Rawshark, summing this movie up in a nutshell. You essentially have a few different groups of people hunting for hidden Amazonian loot, and hoping to find it before the over aggressive natives catch them first. The first group consists of aquaplane pilot Clark (the guy from Piranha), his mate Dick (pointless poor man’s Chuck Norris for this film) and their mate (and former Miss World would you believe) who we nicknamed Slut Barbara, as she has no qualms about drunkenly dancing around in front of both of them semi-naked. They’re here looking for oil or something, but that all changes when Dick finds a skeleton and a small bag of diamonds, and obviously concludes there must be more around here. Get-rich-quick fever sets in, and they soon become too busy digging to notice that those far off tribal drums are getting closer.
Meanwhile, would-be hero of the movie Gringo (”He definitely has the best beard.” - Zomblee) is reluctantly making friends with two idiot Latino hunters, Hiro and Zapato, aboard that steamboat from the credits, who themselves are following a few boxes of mining equipment which is soon to be picked up by an amazingly good value Klaus (Donald Pleasance) and his permanently topless sidekick Morimba. I wasn’t the only one who was impressed by the Pleasance in this movie either ”Is he German? A nazi? Ooooh, that‚s brilliant” Sure is Zomblee. ”I haff keeled miny Yankz wiv zis pistol!” he says to Gringo, and then he’s off, taking one route through the jungle, while Gringo’s team take another, and the Dick and Clark gang are already digging away.
So, who’ll get to the diamonds first? Gringo, Zapato and Hiro? Klaus and Morimba? ”Her breasts are hanging out again” or maybe Dick, Clark and Slutty Barbara? Or will the natives get to them first? Who will get out alive, surely not that idiot Hiro who talks like a dumber version of Rocky Balboa (yeah really) and complains about everything? Or Slutty Barbara with her incredibly high waisted and high-legged hot pants? Or will Dick get given the shrunken head treatment, prompting Rawshark to come up with Zombie Club’s worst ever gag? “He’s got a very small Dick-head!” Oh dear.
Anyway, all in all Treasures of the Amazon is a real find, and I imagine not widely know. Great stuff, and I haven’t even mentioned the death by crab scene, the native penis barbeque, or the thing that Zomblee thought was an anteater.
”Quality, they've got an anteater in it.”
Zomblee
Well if it wasn't an anteater can someone please tell me what the bloody hell it was? That was one strange looking beast, folks. There's a lot of non-stock footage wildlife featured in this wild-eyed fusion of Indiana Jones and the video nasty. In fact when I said that I reckoned such footage must make up for about 10-15 minutes of the total running time, Jim quickly contested, "More like 45 minutes!" and he's probably right. But don't let that put you off. Well-shot scenes depicting a plethora or birds, monkeys, floppy-chested ox public transport, panthers and strange, truly bizarre (non-) anteaters abound here, amidst the plentiful massacring of the poor natives. It's an ultra-gory adventure story of the highest order. Forget Indiana and a pit of snakes, it's time to embrace the idea of men with great beards and vicious crabs that pull your face apart and rip out your eyes. Crabs always freaked me out (I don't trust the way the move), but now they're really on my shit list.
Essentially, Treasure... is a jolly good romp about finding treasure in the jungle, as you might already have worked out. But throw a few endearingly jungletastic ingredients (like Pleasance as a Nazi, some old skool gore and a general abundance of breasts) into the jungle stew and you get something rather special. Stuart Whitman (who sounds exactly like Nick Nolte) as Gringo is a steadfast leading man who only seems to get passionate during what Jim monickered "treasure talk". There's also a character called Dick who looks like a poor man's Tom Atkins (or maybe it's a rich man's Tom Atkins - he's younger, and better looking), as well as a welcome appearance by Sam Peckinpah regular Emilio Fernandez, the kinda guy you'd never, ever buy a used car from.
It was hard work keeping track of everyone's names in Treasure... ("That's Barbara isn't it?" - Rawshark) "Yeah...slutty Barbara" - You can always count on Jim to clear these matters up with such eloquence, even when performing demanding multi-tasking activities like watching naked tribeswomen wrestle whilst trying to write notes. One pre-requisite for Amazonian horror was sadly absent though; the machete hacking to clear the way through the jungle - "I see machetes but I see no hacking!" shouted a suspicious Jim as we witnessed the treasure hunters negotiating foliage with relative ease and a distinct lack of hacking. In the end though, none of this really mattered. You wouldn't believe what happens to "DP" (as Rawshark likes to call him) in the end - I'll leave that one for Rawshark. One thing though - why is it that when you're watching DVD jungle horror the wildlife sounds are louder than the actors' dialogue?!
"He found out you're into shafting the natives."
Rawshark
There are simply not enough treasure hunt movies made, and certainly not many good ones. Ok, so there’s Indiana Jones, but for every Ark-hunting archaeology hero, there’s an Allan Quatermain hiding just round the corner. Treasures of the Amazon is by no means on the same level as Raiders of the Lost Ark, but it is great fun, especially in the environs of a Zombie Club.
Try to ignore the mostly bad acting and awful sound, and sit back and enjoy the three groups of treasure hunters on their quest for diamonds, or as they call them, ”crystallised carbon”. Donald Pleasance’s Klaus is clearly the baddie of the film, an ex-Nazi officer who brandishes his Luger and hits women (”How could you slap a woman with her tits out?” - Jim). ”Gringo the Damned” is clearly the goodie saddled with two evil sidekicks, whilst Clark, Dick and Slutty Barbara are the borderline goodies / baddies (we first meet Clark the pilot ramming eagles in his seaplane!) and fill the ‘Will they or won’t they die?’ roles.
Along the way we are treated to lots of breasts, loads of leeches, decapitations galore and, slotting into Jim’s now regular “best I’ve ever seen” scenes, we have, as Jim stated, ”the best crab death I’ve ever seen”. Despite clearly ripping off Fulci’s spider attack in The Beyond, the prolonged death by crab scene is genuine squirm-factor of the highest order, and this scene alone should ensure the DVD a place on any true gore-fan’s movie shelf.
Add in naked native female wrestling, spider-eating locals, a mandatory quicksand scene, an attack by bees and a cool ‘fish hook through the tongue’ death for DP at the end, and what you have is a b-movie exploitation classic. With all the naked flesh on display though, I just can’t help thinking it really should have been called Treasure Chests of the Amazon. (Sorry…)
“This side is for women, and on this side - that one - this is for men.”
Director
