Posted by Pest control professional at 2:17 PM 0 comments
Monday, August 17, 2009
HOW to GET RID of RACCOON
An adult raccoon are from 24-46' in total length. They have rings on their tail and a black mask. Raccoons cannot be found on very high elevations or very arid regions. Raccoons are not liked by humans because they raid garbage cans and tear up your lawn. They will normally eat insects, crayfish, mussels, fish, and frogs during the spring and early summer and eat fruits, berries, nuts, and grains during late summer and fall. Raccoons are nocturnal so it's hard to spot them at night and during the day. If raccoons are sick or hurt, they will come out during the day and you SHOULD NOT approach a raccoon at any time. They carry many diseases and the one that humans know most about are rabies.
RACCOON INSPECTION
Raccoons can be found near a garbage can, chimneys, attics, and hollow areas beneath your porch or buildings.
RACCOON CONTROL METHOD
Prevention:
Raccoons can come through the chimney as stated above; you will need to cover the top of the chimney with a heavy, screen.
Replace loose shingles and repair holes near your roof.
Limit the access to your roof by trimming trees and shrubs.
Use air-tight garbage cans and if the garbage cans can be tipped over then you should use a wire to tie them shut.
Be sure to treat your home at night to be sure that all the raccoons have left the house for the night. Then cover and block all the holes in your house and the chimney.
Trap:
You can use a trap ( HAVAHART COLLAPSIBLE TRAP #1089 ). Crisp bacon, fish, fresh vegetables, cat food, chicken parts and entrails, corn, and sardines will attract the raccoon to the trap. Place the bait inside of the trap and when the raccoon touches the bait, the trap door will shut close. You should get the traps close to the den as possible or where damage is occurring in the home due to raccoons. Set the traps along obvious raccoon trails, you should also set multiple traps in different locations that raccoons go. Then check the raccoon traps at least 2 times every morning and during the day. When raccoons have been caught, you should release them way from any homes at least over 10 miles away.
Havahart Collapsible Trap
Smoke Bombs:
You can use smoke bombs ( GIANT DESTROYER SMOKE BOMBS ) as well as traps. You will need to find the raccoon homes and insert the cartridge and light the fuse and cover the hole with dirt and the smoke will make the raccoons run away.
Giant Destroyer Smoke Bombs
How to Get Rid of Gophers
Gophers are about 5-14' long. They have fur-lined pockets outside of their mouths and gophers use these pockets to carry food. They have small and flat heads with small ears and eyes. Gophers tends to like being alone but you can see them year around but are most active in the spring and fall.
GOPHER INSPECTION
Gopher holes can be up to several hundred feet in length and they will also push the soil up to the surface and leave a mound that usually shaped like a fan. While inspecting your yard and come upon a mound that is fan shaped, it is a sign that you do have gophers.
GOPHER CONTROL METHOD
Traps:
You may set traps in gopher tunnels to catch them and set them free away few miles from your home because they might find their way back. To set the traps ( HAVAHART COLLAPSIBLE TRAP #1089 ) you will need to locate the main tunnels that the gophers use and correctly place the traps within the tunnels. You should place the HAVAHART COLLAPSIBLE TRAP #1089 in pairs on opposite directions in the main tunnels. You can locate the main tunnels by prying with a sharp stick or a rod 1-2 ft away from the mound, and once you locate the tunnel you should open it with a shovel to allow the Havahart trap to fit. Remember you should cover the trap so the air doesn't get in because then the gophers would not use the tunnel anymore because of the air flow. Then after setting the gopher trap you should wire it to stakes to allow safe and easy trap recover. You will need to check the gopher trap twice a day. After you have captured a gopher, you should release the gopher few miles away from your home so it doesn't find its way back.
Havahart Collapsible Trap
Smoke Bombs:
Smoke bombs can be used to scare the gophers ( GIANT DESTROYER SMOKE BOMBS (PACK OF 4) ). You will just set the bombs inside the gopher's tunnels and cover it quickly with dirt. You will need to locate fan-shaped mounds with signs of recent gopher activity. You will need to find the horseshoe-shaped depression on one side of the mound, to locate the main gopher tunnel, probe the ground 15-18' from the mound with signs of recent gopher activity. The main gopher runway has been located when ground friction on the probe has been release. Then you should dig down to main tunnel, taking care not to block it off with dirt. Create an opening large enough for easy insertion of the cartridge. Collect enough dirt and other material to close the opening. Light the fuse and insert fuse-end first. Immediately cover opening, taking care not to smother cartridge with loose dirt. Cover any openings where gasses escape. You should treat all active mounds.
Giant Destroyer Smoke Bombs
How to get rid of rabbits
Rabbits are about a foot long and their furs can be gray to brown. They have big ears and fluffy tails. The reason for big ears is that they can hear a lot better incase of danger. Rabbits are most active at dusk and dawn. Rabbits are incredibly smart because they know how to get around fences to get into vegetable gardens. Rabbits eat leafy plants during the growing season and barks of woody plants in the winter.
RABBIT INSPECTION
Rabbits can be found in bushy hedgerows and edges of wooded areas with dense cover. They can live in lawns, garden, and different types of shrubs that meet their environment requirements.
RABBIT CONTROL METHOD
Trap:
You can use a trap ( HAVAHART COLLAPSIBLE TRAP #1089 ) to capture the rabbit alive. The inside of the cage is smooth and it won't hurt the rabbits at all. The door remains open and you place the bait (i.e. Brussels sprouts, carrots, lettuce, and apple, etc.) so that it will attract the rabbits to the trap. When the rabbit touches the trap, the trap door will close shut automatically. Then you will have to travel about 4 miles away from the house to release it, so it won't find its way back to the house.
Havahart Collapsible Trap
Repellent:
If a rabbit does find its way back to the house then you will have to use a repellent. We suggest that you use a repellent ( DR T'S BAT-A-WAY REPELLENT ) in a barrier treatment form. A barrier treatment is applying a 2 or more inch-wide band around the area to be protected. You will need to apply the repellent ( DR T'S BAT-A-WAY REPELLENT ) when you first notice the signs of growth in roses, spring bulbs, flowers or other ornamental. Remember not to apply the repellent ( DR T'S BAT-A-WAY REPELLENT ) on the plant or on the plant stems. One application of the repellent can last up to 4 weeks to control rabbits, although hot weather and strong winds may require additional applications. The odor will warn the rabbit and the rabbit will go away.
Dr T's Bat-A-Way Repellet
Smoke Bombs:
You can also use the smoke bombs ( GIANT DESTROYER SMOKE BOMBS ) to scare the rabbits away. You will need to find a tunnel that the rabbits come into the garden from and insert the bomb with the fuse out of the dirt. Then you will need to light the fuse and cover the hole with dirt right away.
Giant Destroyer Smoke Bombs
HOW to GET RID of SNAKES
Snakes are all covered in scales and they are all carnivorous. There are over 2,700 species in the world. They all range in size from 10 cm long, 9 m long. There are snakes that are poisonous and can be deadly to human and pets and can cause painful injuries. Poisonous snakes use their venom to catch and kill their prey then to use it for self defense. Snakes have an organ called a Jacobson Organ. What that organ does is when snakes used their tongue to sense its environment. When snakes flicker their tongues up and down it is so that they can pick up the scent of vapor molecules. When the snakes pull in their tongue, the vapor molecules are then transferred to the odor-sensitive Jacobson organ. Poisonous snakes are copperheads, rattlesnakes, cottonmouths, and coral snakes. Be cautious whenever you are approaching any type of snake.
SNAKES INSPECTION
Snakes like places that are dark, damp, and cool. You can check the attics, walls, crawl spaces, woodpiles, sheds, porches, garages, and piles of leaves.
SNAKES CONTROL METHODS
There are only a few ways to control snakes. You will either have to use a repellent or a trap.
Repellent:
The repellent ( DR.T'S SNAKE-A-WAY REPELLENT ) is highly effective on poisonous and non-poisonous snakes. The repellent is effective for 2-3 months and it is rain resistant. When the snake enters the treated areas, their sensory perception will be alerted and the snake will turn away from the area. You will have to use gloves and apply a band surrounding the areas you will like to have protected. For rattlesnakes protection, it is suggested that you spread 8-12' wide bands. When the odor starts to fade, the effectiveness will decrease, so you should reapply. Retreatment may be needed after heavy rainfall. Apply the repellent ( DR.T'S SNAKE-A-WAY REPELLENT ) during spring, summer, and fall.
Dr. T Snake-A-Way Repellent
Trap:
The trap ( SNAKE GUARD SNAKE TRAP ) is when you want to set the snake freed alive. The trap is a huge covered glue board to capture snakes. It is 30x18x8'. You will need to set the trap where snakes are mostly seen. Once the snake slithers inside, it would be stuck there by glue. Place the trap ( SNAKE GUARD SNAKE TRAP ) against a wall or another vertical surface just so it will be stable. When releasing the snake, if you cannot do it yourself, call a local exterminator, wildlife rescue center, or animal control to remove the snake. If you are releasing the snake yourself, then relocate the snake to a remote, shaded location away from any homes. Carefully open the trap to expose the snake and pour moderate amounts of vegetable oil on the snake and on the glue surrounding it. Typically, a snake will be able to free itself within an hour or so.
Snake Guard Snake Trap
HOW to GET RID of SQUIRREL
There are many types of squirrel species however in the United States there are two types of squirrels that are the main problem: a common gray squirrel and a flying squirrel. Gray squirrels are about 18' long which is including their 9' tails. The gray squirrels are usually gray, salt and pepper color, but they can have tan hair mixed in the fur as well and have a white belly. Gray squirrels are active during the day. Gray squirrels usually eat bird eggs, insects, berries, fruit, vegetables, nuts and nestling birds. Flying squirrels are 9' long that includes their 3' - 4' tails. They have brown fur and a white belly. Flying squirrels don't fly but more glide, they can glide up to 200 feet or more. Flying squirrels likes to eat seeds, nuts, insects, bird eggs, and fruits. Unlike gray squirrels, flying squirrels are active during the night. Both of the squirrels live in tree cavities in wooded areas, they are mostly found near hardwoods like oak and hickory trees. Squirrels build their feeding shelters out of leaves. Do not try and run the squirrel out because it will just make another entry into your home.
SQUIRREL INSPECTION
Squirrels can be found in attics, tree cavities. Squirrels will gnaw a hole into your walls, roofs, plants, screens and electrical wires.
SQUIRREL CONTROL METHOD
Prevention:
Remove any source of food that squirrels can feed on, especially bird seed, because bird seed will attract squirrels immediately.
Gutter guards and covering down spouts will help decrease the number of squirrels that might enter through the roof and facia boards.
Trim tree branches that may overhang the roof line because the squirrels will crawl and make their way into the roof from the branches.
Remove firewood that is against the building
If there is any cracks in the way, you should repair them in an instant
There are two different ways to control squirrels, which are traps and smoke bombs.
Traps:
The easiest way to capture squirrels is with traps ( HAVAHART COLLAPSIBLE TRAP #1089 , HAVAHART CAGE TRAP MODEL 0745 ). You just simply set the trap in places that squirrels are active in our home and place the bait (nuts, berries, bird seed, etc.) in the middle of the trap, when the squirrel comes into the trap ( HAVAHART COLLAPSIBLE TRAP #1089 , HAVAHART CAGE TRAP MODEL 0745 ) to eat the bait, the trap door will snap shut by itself and the trap is safe on the animals so it wouldn't hurt them and it is safe on you. Once you have trapped a squirrel, release the squirrel about 4-5 miles away from your home or else it might find its way back home.
Havahart Collapsible Trap
Havahart Cage Trap
Smoke Bombs:
Smoke bombs ( GIANT DESTROYER SMOKE BOMBS ) are an easy application, but you cannot use these inside the house. When using this smoke bomb ( GIANT DESTROYER SMOKE BOMBS ), you will need to collect plenty of dirt and other materials for closing the burrow openings. Locate the squirrel burrows and treat each burrow opening by lighting a fuse and inserting the cartridge fuse-end first into the hole (make sure the hole is large enough for easy insertion before lighting the fuse). Cover all other openings before lighting the fuse so that the gas cannot escape. After the insertion of the bomb, you will need to cover the hole immediately but be careful not to smother the cartridge with loose dirt. Then proceed to the next burrow and treat as the same.
Giant Destroyer Smoke Bomb
Repellent:
Another objective you can use is a repellent ( DR T'S BAT-A-WAY REPELLENT ). For areas that are not well ventilated such as attics and areas inside the house, put 2 to 4 ounces of repellent into mesh bags (cheesecloth, pantyhose, etc) or a small plastic container with holes punched in the top. This allows for easy product removal if odor becomes too strong. Bats, birds and squirrels will depart from the area within a short time. After the nuisance pests leave, seal up all openings and cracks that they could use to get back inside. Use STUF-FIT - RODENT PROOFING - COPPER MESH access control to seal off small gaps, cracks and openings. For ventilation openings, use a metal screening with a small mesh size (3/8). The repellent ( DR T'S BAT-A-WAY REPELLENT ) can be used for outside use as well. At the first signs of growth of roses, spring bulbs, flowers or other ornamentals, apply a 2 or more inch-wide band around the area to be protected. Do not apply Bat-A-Way on the plant or on the plant stems. One application can last up to 4 weeks. Hot weather and strong winds may require additional applications.
Dr T Bat-A-Way Repellent
After you have used the repellent and the squirrels have left the building, we suggest that you use this item to seal off the entry points.
Stuf-Fit Copper Mesh
