Pest Control
Consumer Information Sponsored by Aardvark.
It's unwise to assume that everything you see creeping and scurrying  around your house and yard is up to no good. Although more than 86,000 species  of insects have been identified in North America, making up approximately 85  percent of all living creatures on the continent, only about 1 percent can hurt  you and damage or destroy your belongings. Don't classify anything as a pest  unless it causes trouble.
This general information will give you an insight into many common household  pests and what to do about them. In some cases you may be able to eradicate them  yourself; in others you may need to hire professional services. Even in the do-it-yourself cases, it is a good idea to check with a pest control company to  get up-to-date information on chemicals that should be used.
MAKING PESTS UNWELCOME
You would never hang out a sign saying "Pests  Cordially Invited". But conditions in your home may offer a comfortable haven  where pests flock not only to visit but to nest and multiply. Some like it hot,  some like it cool, most like moisture and darkness, and all like something to  eat. Damp, dark basements are favorite habitats, as are kitchens and bathrooms.  If you don't leave them a gourmet meal in the kitchen they'll snack on carpets,  books, even the walls of your house. Sometimes, despite faultless housekeeping  and the best of intentions, pests enter in bags or cartons from the grocery  store, in furniture, or even in secondhand appliances. Television sets, because  of their darkness and warmth, are prime offenders.
ZEROING IN ON THE WORST OFFENDERS INDOORS
The National Pest Control  Association says the 10 most common household pests are cockroaches, mice, rats,  termites, ants and carpenter ants, fleas, dog ticks, spiders, and silverfish.  Each requires different tactics for eradication.
COCKROACHES exist in 55 varieties in the United States, but only 5  kinds are troublesome indoors. Not only do they spread disease by contaminating  food, they create an offensive odor in large populations. Indeed, even dishes  crossed by cockroaches may give off an offensive order unless they are washed  thoroughly before food warms them.
Because cockroaches multiply so rapidly - one common German cockroach  produces forty more every thirty days - it is essential to determine their  hiding places. One method of doing this is to enter a dark room quietly, turn on  a bright light and see where they run. Treat hiding places with pesticides such  as diazinon, dursban or baygon, paying particular attention to the undersides of  tables and chairs, behind mirrors, inside drawers, on closet and bookcase  shelves, inside the motor compartment of the refrigerator, around sinks and the  dishwasher, and under loose floorcoverings.
MICE look for a steady source of food supply. They, as well as  parasites which live on them, contaminate food with droppings, urine and hair.  Able to squeeze through incredibly small openings, these tiny animals - often  weighing less than an ounce - can enter a house through basement windows, small  holes in the foundation, vents in the basement or attic, and gaps in  weather-stripping. Blocking or screening these openings and using a mousetrap  with tasty morsels of peanut butter, bacon, gumdrops or cookies usually is  sufficient to rid a house of them.
RATS pose a larger problem, especially in areas where poor sanitation  and accumulation of garbage provide ideal conditions for them to breed. Ranging  from six inches to a foot long, they nest in basements, attics, sewers,  subflooring, open garbage cans and piles of trash. Active mainly at night, rats  contaminate food with disease germs and filth that can cause acute food  poisoning. Worse, they will bite people - particularly small children who have  been left in bed with milk, juice of other food.
Controlling rats requires sealing all openings around the house with sheet  metal, iron grills, hardware cloth, cement mortar, or similar substances they  cannot gnaw through. Elimination of food sources requires constant community  cooperation to see that garbage is stored in sealed containers and collected  often. Furthermore, attractive nesting areas, such as firewood stacked against  the house, must be removed. Where rat infestations are confined to a single area  (a garage attic for example) large traps may be adequate to rid the vicinity of  these rodents. In some cases, potent poisoned baits called rodenticides are  needed. These must be used with the utmost care to prevent harm to humans and  household pets.
TERMITES live in underground colonies and feed on wood products. You  may never see them, even if they're feasting on the lumber that's holding your  house together. Fortunately they work slowly, giving you several years to  discover their presence before they cause substantial structural damage to your  house. You might see a swarm of termites during the spring due to temperatures  and moisture conditions. A telltale sign is discarded wings on the floor or  windowsills after a warm rain in early spring. But, termites can be active at  other times during the year, such as during the winter in heated basements.
Because termites strike five times as many homes every year as do fires, the  annual bill for damage they do is astonishing. In addition to destroying wood,  they'll eat books, clothing, and anything else containing cellulose. One way to  detect their presence is by the characteristic pattern of destruction: they eat  the soft part of the wood and leave the annual rings intact. Another sign of  their presence is mud tubes constructed along obstructions they cannot chew  through. However, such signs are not often readily visible.
It is virtually impossible for you to get rid of termites yourself. If you're  fortunate, your house was designed and constructed with prevention of termite  damage in mind. The ground beneath your house may have been treated to repel  termites, and specific care may have been taken to prevent any contact of wood  with the soil. Call in a reliable pest control company if you suspect termites  are at work in or near your house. Having an annual inspection to detect termite  damage is a sound investment, like fire and accident insurance.
ANTS come in more than twenty household varieties and have many  tastes. Some prefer sweets, others like grease, and still others feed on insects  and seeds. Consequently, do-it-yourself eradication with bait is often a  trial-and-error effort. To get rid of these annoying indoor species that  contaminate food and in rare cases bite humans and pets, find and destroy their  nests and remove their source of food by practicing vigilant housekeeping and  storing foodstuffs in tightly closed containers.
CARPENTER ANTS are frequently confused with termites because they,  too, destroy wood. Unlike termites, however, they do not eat the wood,  preferring instead to tunnel channels through it in order to enlarge their  living space. Although a carpenter ant has wings, his front pair is much longer  than the back pair; his termite cousin has two pairs of equal length. Another  distinguishing feature of the carpenter ant's body is a pinched-in waist like  that of a wasp.
If you find little piles of sawdust near the baseboards of your house,  suspect that carpenter ants are at work. Since their nests are extremely  difficult to find, call in professional pest control help to determine the  extent of damage and stop these creatures in their tracks.
FLEAS have been troubling mankind and animals for thousands of years.  These tiny tormentors reproduce at astounding rates, laying several hundred eggs  which hatch and mature in less that two weeks, each new flea ready to reproduce  hundreds more. They enter your house on pets and lay their eggs in carpeting,  bedding, and upholstered furniture. Since they must feed on blood to survive,  hungry fleas can make life miserable for you and your pets, causing itching and  swelling wherever they bite.
Getting rid of fleas is tricky. You must eradicate all fleas and eggs in the  house and stop more from coming in. If the problem is really serious, call in  professional pest control services. If you do it yourself, thoroughly clean  infested rooms with a vacuum cleaner. Include baseboards, rugs, upholstery,  floor and wall cracks, ventilators, closets and any other areas where eggs or  larvae may be. Discard the vacuum cleaner bag in a sealed container at once.  Then, apply an insecticide to all vacuumed areas, using a nonstaining product  when spraying rugs, carpets and upholstered furniture. Pets should be treated at  the same time you clear the house. Pest control firms will not treat animals, so  you may require the aid of a veterinarian.
TICKS come in two varieties: American and Brown Dog. American ticks  usually live outdoors but can be brought in by pets, mice and rats. These ticks  are dangerous because they transmit serious diseases such as Rocky Mountain  Spotted Fever and Lyme disease to humans.
The Brown Dog Tick usually lives indoors and is the only kind of tick to  frequently infest homes in the U.S. Once they enter a house, they prefer to stay  there because it is dry and warm. They are flat shaped and about 1/4 inch long  with a uniformly red-brown appearance. They must have blood to survive, but they  rarely bite humans. After feeding on your pets they drop off the animal and  hide, living for months or even years without a meal. Meanwhile, they occupy  themselves by laying from 100 to 5000 eggs at a time. When the eggs hatch and  all the new ticks hop on your dog in search of blood, you'll wonder why your pet  has suddenly gone berserk.
As with fleas, both your pet and home must be treated simultaneously. You may  need to take your pet to a veterinarian who can have him dipped in a bath  containing a suitable insecticide. Then check and thoroughly clean all hiding  places, i.e. baseboards, furniture, window frames and sills, molding, loose  wallpaper and linoleum, rugs, curtains, drapes, picture frames, and all cracks  and crevices. Use an insecticide on all these areas, including places where the  animal habitually sleeps. Again, be sure to use an insecticide that will not  stain when treating fabrics or furniture.
SPIDERS have a bad reputation. Actually, many of the 25,000 varieties  in America are helpful because they trap and eat other pests. Although they  rarely bite humans unless they are injured or cornered, their venom can cause  painful sores. Two species especially dangerous to man are the brown recluse and  the black widow. Found in out-of-the-way spots like closets, attics and garages,  the brown recluse attacks only when disturbed. Seek treatment at once, because  untended bites can be fatal. Venom of the black widow is 15 times more powerful  than a rattlesnake's but because the spider injects so little during a bite,  death does not often occur except in very young children.
Your best protection against spiders is to cut down on the pest population  inside your house so they will move out in search of a more dependable food  supply.
SILVERFISH and their close relatives, the firebrats, pose no known  danger to humans, but they can do extensive damage to clothes made of natural  fibers, books, wallpaper, and important records. Silverfish are wingless,  slender insects with a color ranging from dark steel gray to almost black with a  glistening metallic sheen. Small and unobtrusive, they work at night and are  rarely seen unless they get into a sink or bathtub and cannot climb out again.
To get rid of these pests, apply insecticides especially designed to kill  them, such as diazinon, lindane or malathion, to baseboards, door and window  casings, closets and places where pipes go through walls. The results may not be  immediate, but if it is properly and thoroughly applied, it will leave a residue  that should be effective within a few weeks. However, if the problem is serious  you may need to call in professional services.
DEALING WITH PESTS IN THE LAWN AND GARDEN
By practicing prevention,  you can head off some pests without resorting to pesticides. Here are some  simple suggestions:
Inspect plants or seeds to see if they are free from insects and disease.    Don't bring insect problems home with you.
Fertilize properly to enable plants to outgrow insect attacks.
Keep the garden free of weeds and grass.
Don't plant the same varieties of flowers or vegetables in the same spots    year after year. Their enemies lying dormant in the soil may not attack a    different plant.
Rake, remove and destroy all plant debris after the growing season.
Buy and grow insect-resistant varieties, if available.
Avoid excessive or unnecessary use of pesticides that kill beneficial    insects as well as pests. Think of this tongue-twister: Pesticides kill pests,    other living creatures that eat the poisoned pests, and larger creatures that    eat the creatures that have eaten the poisoned pests.
Take time to learn and make use of natural repellents. For example,    planting marigolds around asparagus wards off the asparagus beetle; beds of    rosemary and thyme keep cabbage worms away from nearby cabbages.
Reduce the mosquito population by draining all places where stagnant water    stands. Mosquitoes can multiply in as small a spot as a discarded tin can from    nearby cabbages.
Spray aphid-infested houseplants and garden plants with soap-and-water    solutions rather than insecticides. Researchers at the University of    California, Berkeley, say this old remedy still works to keep pest insects at    non-damaging levels.
Make use of the wide variety of booklets published by the U.S. Department    of Agriculture's extensive series of home and garden pest control leaflets and    bulletins detailing how to eradicate hundreds of specific pests. Get them at    your library or contract your county's Cooperative Extension Service agent.
USING NATURE'S ALLIES
Some of nature's strangest looking creatures are  actually your allies in getting rid of pests. As many as 100 insects in your  environment may be valuable biological control agents; many birds, mammals,  amphibians, reptiles and spiders also work to your advantage.
Before you declare a war on pests in your home and garden, you may want to  see if you can use or restore the balance of natural forces that can keep  troublesome creatures in check. For example, every day of their lives ladybug  beetles eat two and a half times their own weight in aphids, mealybugs, moth  eggs, spider mites and scale insects. Or consider this: it is not unusual for a  single bird to gather hundreds of caterpillars, flies, grasshoppers, snails and  spiders.
In some states there are now companies that raise and sell "pests of pests"- Predators that kill and eat pests, parasites that weaken or kill them, and  pathogens that cause fatal diseases in unwanted species. Some of these firms are  legitimate sources of ladybugs, praying mantis, and other beneficial creatures.  But mail-order pest control is risky. Something advertised as a "Foolproof  Natural Method for Killing Pests" may turn out to be two blocks of wood with  instructions to place an insect on one block and hit it with the other.
SELECTING AND USING PESTICIDES WISELY
Sometimes a pesticide is the  only solution to a stubborn problem. Every pesticide marketed today must be  registered with the Environmental Protection Agency, which offers these tips for  their safe use:
Always read the label before buying or using pesticides. Use them only for    the purposes listed and in the manner directed.
Do not apply more than the specified amount of pesticide. Overdoses can    harm you and the environment.
Keep pesticides away from food and dishes.
Keep children and pets away from pesticides and sprayed areas.
Do not smoke while spraying.
Avoid inhalation of pesticides.
Never spray outdoors on a windy day.
Pesticides that require special protective clothing or equipment should be    used only by trained, experienced applicators.
If you mix pesticides, do it carefully to avoid splashing.
Avoid breaks or spills of pesticide containers.
If you spill a pesticide on your skin or your clothing, wash with soap and    water and change clothes immediately.
Store pesticides under lock in the original containers with proper labels.
Never transfer a pesticide to a container, such as a soft drink bottle,    that would attract children.
Dispose of empty containers safely by wrapping in several layers of    newspaper, tying securely, and placing them in a covered trash can.
Wash with soap and water after using pesticides, and launder your clothes    before wearing them again.
If someone swallows a pesticide, check the label for first aid treatment.    Call or go to a doctor or a hospital immediately and keep the pesticide label    with you.
Keep in mind that research updates and improves pesticides  from time to time. You should call a reliable pest control company to get the  latest information on what pesticides are the most useful against your  particular problem.
GETTING PROFESSIONAL ASSISTANCE
When the job gets too big for home  remedies, it's time to call in a pest control company. Of course, you may want  to, rather than keep pesticides around the home, particularly if you have  children. Before you do, check around for a reliable company; otherwise, you may  wind up with self-style exterminators who are pests themselves.
A federal law requires commercial applicators of "restricted use" products to  be certified. The certification program is left up to the state. Homeowners can  call the certifying state agencies for information (in Nebraska and Colorado  call the Environmental Protection Agency).
Be wary of the person who comes to your home uninvited and offers to give  your house a free inspection for pests. He or she may try to scare you into  authorizing immediate and costly treatments to prevent the collapse of ceilings  or floors. Such a person may bring along frightening specimens of spiders or  cockroaches, or fragments of wood riddled with termite channels, and pretend to  find them in your house.
Always deal with a licensed exterminator. Your local USDA Cooperative  Extension Service agent is a good source of information on pest control methods.  Ask friends and neighbors to recommend companies they have used successfully.  Check prospective choices with the Better Business Bureau for a reliability  report.
Before you sign a contract for pest control services, be sure you fully  understand the nature of the pest to be exterminated, the extent of the  infestation, and the work necessary to solve the problem. Find out if the  company has liability insurance to cover any damages to your house or  furnishings during treatment. If a guarantee is given know what it covers, how  long it lasts, what you must do to keep it in force, and what kind of continuing  prevention and control is necessary. Don't expect an application or series of  treatments to last indefinitely. Rarely, for example, can a firm guarantee to  leave a house free of cockroaches for more than six months. Some pest control  companies offer renewable retreatment warranties.
If a sizable amount of money is involved, don't hesitate to get bids from  several pest control companies. Even termite damage will not be significantly  worse if you wait a week or two before authorizing treatment. Don't rush your  decision. Since you are paying for professional knowledge as well as skillful  application of pesticides, look for someone whose judgment you can trust.
