Reviews
Children's Literature Comprehensive Database - Carrie Hane Hung
Dinosaurs are extinct but during the time they roamed the earth millions and millions of years ago, some of them feasted on a diet of insects. Browse through pages, see the color illustrations, and read about eight dinosaurs that enjoyed spiders, scorpions, ants, termites, and other insects for their meal. There are sidebars featuring an animal from today’s world with interesting commonalities with the dinosaurs featured this book. For instance, the Neimongosaurus, like today’s Australian echidna, had claws to break into the termites’ home for its meal. The modern-day animals like the echidna are captured in color snapshots. Other features of this informational text include the scale drawings that illustrate the approximate size of these prehistoric creatures in comparison to a six-foot-tall adult. There is a table of contents, a simple glossary, and an index. The pronunciation guide for the name of the dinosaur is next to each section heading. Young researchers looking for more information about dinosaurs may wish to explore the list of additional texts, the FactHound website, or the “Dinosaur Find: Eating Habits” series that includes this text.
January 1, 2009
NSTA Recommends - Martha Svatek
Mahakala and Other Insect-Eating Dinosaurs explores the habits and habitats of the now-extinct dinosaurs that feasted on insects. In this large Picture Window Book, illustrations of ancient insect eaters show where they lived and how they captured the insects they ate.    The format of the books in this series uses dinosaurs as motivational examples to facilitate teaching about adaptations. Each two-page spread includes a size comparison showing an ancient creature and a modern animal. A colorful photograph of a modern animal that survives on a similar insect is also shown. Current anteaters include the Australian echidna—an egg-laying mammal that uses large claws to access insect nests, just as the Neimongosaurus did long ago. The colorful illustrations suggesting the habitat in which each dinosaur lived will provide background for class discussion. The similarity among some animals found today and some dinosaurs of 230 to 65 million years ago is amazing.    The book ends with a brief glossary and explanations of what might have caused dinosaurs to go extinct. Students in grades K–3 will enjoy this informative book that exploits a high-interest topic to teach basic concepts. Older students will learn from reading the book to early grade students.
June 1, 2009
