Habitat: rain forests, grasslands, mixed forests, and         semiarid regions
Looks can be deceiving
Its name is a hint to one of its favorite foods, and you can't miss its      long snout, but there's more to the story of the giant anteater! This unique      animal is the largest of the three species of anteaters (the other species      are the tamandua and the silky anteater). It is about the size of a golden      retriever but thick, bushy hair makes it look even bigger. The anteater's      gray hair feels like straw and grows especially long on the tail (up to      16 inches or 40 centimeters), and it sports a stylish stripe of black that      stretches from under the nose to the middle of the back. This stripe is      outlined in white, tan, or gray and goes down to a black ring around the      base of the front feet. Giant anteaters use their hairy, bushy tails to      curl over them like a blanket when the weather is cool. The head is shaped      like a tube, and they have small black eyes and a little nose and mouth.
Do the shuffle
Giant anteaters walk with a slow shuffle on all four legs with their nose      pointed to the ground. The anteater does not walk on its paws. Instead,      with the claws curled up into the paws, it walks on its "fists." This      helps to keep the claws sharp so the anteater can dig into ant mounds or      defend itself from predators. Anteaters are also good swimmers. They use      the freestyle stroke and their long snout as a snorkel.
Who ordered the ants?
Can you imagine eating nothing but ants all day long? Giant anteaters have      no teeth but a specialized tongue that allows them to eat up to 30,000 ants      and termites each day. These animals are perfectly designed to feed on these      little critters, which is great because ants are a very reliable food source.      The anteater's narrow tongue is about 2 feet (60 centimeters) long and looks      like a strand of spaghetti with teeny, backward-pointing spines that are      covered in sticky saliva when the animal is feeding. This long tongue darts      inside an ant mound up to 150 times per minute, picking up the worker ants.      The anteater will only feed at one mound for about a minute before moving      on. After all, the animal doesn't want to totally wipe out its source of      food! Anteaters may also eat fallen fruit and soft grubs.
At the San Diego Zoo, giant anteaters are given a high protein diet of      special anteater pellets ground up into a paste that gives them the same      nutrients they would get in the wild. A special treat for our anteaters      is avocado.
Who wants a piggyback ride?
Giant anteaters are usually solitary mammals but will come together to      mate and raise their young. In the wild they breed between March and      May but are more flexible in zoos and will mate at anytime of the year.      An adult female giant anteater gives birth to a single baby (twins are rare)      while in a standing position, propped up by her strong tail. The baby, called      a pup, loves to get piggyback rides from the mother. When a pup is born      it has a full coat of hair and is almost identical to the adult. The      pup will spend the first year of life hitching a ride on its mother's back;      similar coloring helps the baby blend in so predators can't see it. It      also makes the mother look larger and less tempting to predators. The pup      will get off the mother's back frequently for nursing and spends more time      exploring on its own as it gets older. The youngster will leave its mother      at about two years of age.
Don't mess with me
The giant anteater's main enemies are jaguars and pumas, which hunt them      in the grasslands, swampy areas, and forests where they live. To protect      themselves, anteaters can rear up on their hind legs, roaring and slashing      at an attacker with those powerful front legs and sharp claws. When threatened,      these mild-mannered insectivores can suddenly appear quite ferocious, sending      a predator off to find an easier meal.
A nose for survival
Giant anteaters are not endangered yet, but they have already disappeared      from much of their habitat due to habitat loss and hunting. It is estimated      that only 5,000 giant anteaters are left in the wild, while a small number      (around 90) live in zoos in the United States. The unique giant anteater      has been around for 25 million years and we hope that they can nose their      way into the next million.
