The ants have invaded! They're everywhere!...
2. What are the three main jobs of worker ants?
Source: Life and Habits of Ants
3. Tell about two of the ways in which an ant uses its jaw, or mandible.
Source: Ant Jaws: Mighty, Multipurpose Mandibles
4. How many fire ants might live in one colony? Choose the correct answer: 200 (two hundred) 2,000 (two thousand) 200,000 (two hundred thousand)
Source: Fire Ants Description and Biology
5. How are ants' jaws different from people's jaws? (Hint: The answer is in how they move!)
Source: Ant Jaws: Mighty, Multipurpose Mandibles
6. How tall might the nest of an imported fire ant be?
Source: Fire Ants Description and Biology
7. How many ants can an anteater eat in a day? Choose the correct answer: 3,000 (three thousand) 30,000 (thirty thousand) 300,000 (three hundred thousand)
Source: Anteater: Digging Up Ants and Termites
8. Why are leaf-cutter ants also known as parasol ants?
Source: Leaf-Cutter Ants: They're Real Cut-Ups
9. What do army ants eat?
Source: Army Ants: An Army on the Move
10. Draw a picture of a carpenter ant.
Source: Florida Agricultural Information
11. Do army ants find food by smell or by sight?
Source: Army Ants: An Army on the Move
12. One of the most common species of ants is called the "odorous house ant." How does that ant get its name?
Source: Odorous House Ant
13. Ants come in many colors. Do they come in yellow and purple and green?
Source: Ants: Organized Insects
14. How many ants are there in the world for every person?
Source: Pest Control
15. How many eggs does a female odorous house ant lay each day?
Source: Ants
16. How can you tell the difference between a native fire ant and an imported fire ant?
Source: Fire Ants Description and Biology
17. How does the size of an anthill relate to conditions inside the nest?
Source: ANTcyclopedia
18. How do worker ants lead other workers away from danger or to a source of food? 
Source: Ants: Working on Their Communication Skills
19. Do leaf-cutter ants eat leaves? Explain your answer.
Source: Leaf-Cutter Ants: They're Real Cut-Ups
20. Name three things that an ant's antennae enable it to do.
Source: Antennae: An Insect's Five Senses
21. A special dog dish has been invented so ants won't get into a dog's food. How does this dish prevent ant infestation?
Source: No Ants My Doggy
22. Why are "large yellow ants" sometimes called citronella ants?
Source: McCloud Pest Facts
23. How do ants clean their antennae?
Source: Antennae: An Insect's Five Senses
24. Army ants often travel in moving columns. What's the longest column of army ants ever seen?
Source: Army Ants: An Army on the Move
25. Through which port city did harmful fire ants from Mexico first enter the United States?
Source: Fire Ants
26. Ants have two sets of jaws. What do they use their second set of jaws -- called maxillae -- for?
Source: Ant Jaws: Mighty, Multipurpose Mandibles
27. Put the list of leafcutter ants below in order from smallest to largest.
soldier leafcutter ant
