Comparison of Physiology and Physical Appearance
Giant Anteater
The species of Anteater is further divided into 3 groups – giant anteater, tamandua and silky anteater. Of these Giant anteater is the most common one. It measures 4 feet (1.2 m) in length, excluding the tail, and 2 feet (60 cm) in height at the shoulder. It has a long, thin head and a large, bushy tail. It has 5 toes and 3 long, sharp claws. Its prevailing color is gray, with a broad black band. It is generally acknowledged that giant Anteaters have a poor sense of sight but a keen sense of smell. In fact, their sense of smell is regarded to be some 40 times stronger than that of humans.
An aardvark
The Aardvark is vaguely pig-like. Its body is stout with an arched back and is sparsely covered with coarse hairs. The limbs are of moderate length. The front feet have lost the pollex (or 'thumb'), resulting in four toes but the rear feet have all five toes. The ears are disproportionately long, and the tail is very thick at the base and gradually tapers. The greatly elongated head is set on a short, thick neck, and the end of the snout bears a disc, which houses the nostrils.
The mouth is small and tubular, typical of species that feed on termites. The teeth grow and are replaced during the aardvark's whole lifetime! A fully grown aardvark is about 5-6 ft in length including the tail which alone is about 2 ft. The aardvark is pale yellowish gray in color,and often stained reddish-brown by soil. The aardvark's coat is thin and the animal's primary protection is its tough skin.
Reproductive differences
Anteaters and aardvarks are both mammals and produce one offspring per birth. During much of its first year of life, a young Anteater rides on its mother's back. The anteater baby is born without hair and stays inside the burrow for at least two weeks. It drinks the mother's milk for about four months and then begins to eat insects. At six months of age it is able to dig its own burrows, but it will often remain with the mother until the next mating season, and is sexually capable by the season after that. Aardvarks only pair during the breeding season and have a gestation period of 7 months.
Differences in diet
Both animals eat mostly ants and termites. Anteaters obtain their diet by opening ant/termite nests with its powerful sharp front claws. The anteater has no teeth. It draws its prey into its mouth by means of its long, flexible, rapidly moving tongue covered with sticky saliva. Their tongue can be flicked up to 150-160 or more a minute. A full-grown giant Anteater eats upwards of 30,000 ants and termites a day.
In addition to eating ants and termites (formicivore), the only fruit eaten by aardvarks is the aardvark cucumber . When a concentration of ants or termites is detected, the Aardvark digs into it with its powerful front legs, keeping its long ears upright to listen for predators, and takes up an astonishing number of insects with its long, sticky tongue, as many as 50,000 in one night. Its tongue then licks up the insects.
Trivia
The Giant Anteater is the much beloved mascot of the University of California at Irvine.
Related Articles
