Average lifespan in captivity: 23 years
Scientific classification:
The aardvark animal makes up the order Tubulidentata. It is classified as Orycteropus afar.  Skeletal evidence suggests that the aardvark animal descended from primitive ungulates, the hoofed animals, such as deer and zebras, breaking away about 65,000,000 years ago during the Paleocene.
There is so much about the aardvark animal that is unique, that they are referred to by some scientists as “living fossils.” Aardvarks are the only living member of the order Tubulidentata. Due to their elusive lifestyle; they are also one of the least known of all mammals.
Subspecies
Aardvarks are the only living member of the order Tubulidentata. Due to their elusive lifestyle, they are also one of the least known of all mammals. On the basis of similar diet and morphology Aardvarks were once classified as close to South American anteaters and pangolin, but it is now accepted that these similarities are the result of convergent evolution rather than common descent.
Aardvarks are members of the order Tubulidentata. This order of mammals contains the smallest number of extant species – one. (Molecular evidence is divided, and suggests possible common ancestry with elephants and sea cows, or perhaps elephant shrews.)
The family Orycteropodidae has three members:
Leptorycteropus, Myorycteropus, and Orycteropus (the Greek etymology means, very roughly, ‘shovel-foot’). Only the last, the Orycteropus is presently extant.
The number of sub-species is uncertain. There is debate over whether or not any subspecies exist. Due to insufficient knowledge it is impossible to reach firm conclusions.
Geographic Range
Aardvark animals live throughout Africa that is the south of the Sahara. Aardvarks are insectivorous mammals found in much of sub-Saharan Africa. Aardvarks occur throughout much of sub-Saharan Africa with the exception of the rain forests of the west-central parts of the continent.
Bio geographic Regions
Ethiopian: Living in sub-Saharan Africa.
Native : The area in which the animal is naturally found, the region in which it is  endemic.
Habitat
Aardvark or Ant bears are widely distributed around Africa. They are not found around equatorial forest and northern desert regions. It is very adaptable and can be found in a habitat where the soil is loose and where there are sufficient ants or termites, which is its principle diet.
Aardvarks live in Africa savannas, open grasslands, woodlands, and scrub. They range from southern Egypt to the Cape of Good Hope in the far south of Africa.
Aardvarks occur in a variety of habitats: grassy plains, bush land, woodland, and savanna. The presence of sufficient quantities of ants and termites seems to be the limiting factor. Aardvarks mainly live in woodland, scrub and grassland. They are some times found in rain forest, and are absent from desert region.
Terrestrial. Savanna, grasslands, and open forests where the ground is soft. While foraging in grasslands and forests aardvark animals, also called “ant bears”.The aardvark animal is found throughout much of Africa, from the southern part of Egypt to the Cape of Good Hope, in habitats ranging from woodland, bush country, and savanna, to rain forest.
Distribution:
They inhabit Africa, south of the Sahara.
Anatomy
The aardvark is a hairy, nocturnal (active at night), burrowing, insect-eating mammal from Africa. Aardvarks are 5 to 6 feet (1.5 to1.8 m) long which includes a 2 feet (0.6 m) long tail. They weigh about 140 pounds (64 kg).
Aardvarks have a long, narrow snout, a long tongue and very sticky saliva, which are used in getting ants and termites, the mainstay of its diet. They have a sleek, dark brown coat, long ears, short legs with webbed 2nd and 3rd toes, and strong, sharp, hoof-like claws.
It has 10 cheek teeth (and no incisors or canines) and bristles around its small mouth. The teeth are made of a type of cement, not enamel (our teeth are made of enamel). Aardvarks have good sense of smell and hearing.
Locomotion:
Aardvarks are quadrupeds (four-legged animals).
Statistics
Mass 40 to 100 kg (88 to 220 lbs)
Head body length: 105-130cm,
Weight 40-65kg.
Basal Metabolic Rate
Aardvarks have a superficial resemblance to a long shouted pig. The skin is thick, sparsely covered by hairs and varies in color from dull brownish gray to dull yellowish gray. The pinnate of the ears are large (150-210 mm) and can fold back to protect the ears while the aardvark is burrowing. The blunt snout has circular nostrils. The tongue is tapered. The dental formula is usually 0/0 2/2 3/3 for a total of 20 teeth in the adult.
The cheek teeth are composed of numerous hexagonal prisms of dentin, which are perpendicular to the colossal surface. Each prism is pierced by a tubule that is homologous to the pulp cavity, not the Tomes fibers. This unusual dental structure is the origin for the ordinal and familial names. The cranium is long and relatively low and the mandible is straight and blade-like interior.
Aardvarks have a distinctive curved back. A pig like body, a long snout, large ears powerful limbs and shovel-shaped claws for digging. They have bristly, sparse, fur tinged with yellow and white. Females tend to be paler than the males.
Physical Description
This is a fairly large creature, with a curved back and a cylindrical, rather pig like snout, from whence its name. Its ears are long and tough, and it has strong feet with four toes on the front foot and five on the back. All the toes have large claws for digging. The grayish skin is thick and bare except for a few scattered hairs.
The aardvark animal grows about 40 to 60 in long, with the tail extending another 18 to 24 inches. It weighs from 175 to 200 lbs. A glimpse of the aardvark animal’s body and long snout brings the pig to mind. On closer inspection, the aardvark animal appears to include other animal features as well. It boasts rabbit like ears and a kangaroo tail—yet the aardvark animal is related to none of these animals.
The aardvark animal is a homely beast that looks something like a long-nosed, rabbit-eared pig. Its name means “earth-pig” in Afrikaans. It is found in Africa in areas where its main diet - ants and termites - are in abundant supply. It also indulges in locusts or grasshoppers occasionally. But it is well adapted to a specialized diet of ants and termites, because it has strong limbs and heavy claws which easily dig into termite mounds.
To give you and idea of the strength of its forelimbs and claws, a human would have to wield an axe to break into the concrete-like termite mounds in Africa. Also it has a long sticky tongue, thick skin, and an acute sense of smell. Incisor and canine teeth are absent, but the aardvark animal has on each side of its mouth five upper and four lower cheek teeth which are peculiarly tubular in structure. It is from this feature that the name of the order is derived - Tubulidentata.
The aardvark animal is up to 2.3 m (7.5 ft) long, including the fleshy, tapering tail, which it uses to throw earth backward when it burrows. An adult aardvark animal can weigh 39 to 64 kg (85 to 140 lb).
This animal has an arched back, a tubular snout, and large, upright ears. It uses its specialized, chisel-shaped claws to break open the hard clay of termite nests; then it uses its long tongue, which is coated with sticky saliva, to capture the insects in the nest. Unlike the animals known as anteaters, which are toothless, the aardvark animal has 20 cylindrical, rootless teeth that grow continually throughout its lifetime. Nocturnal and solitary, it hides in burrows up to 10m long.
Reproduction
Females give birth to 1-2 cubs in October or November each year.
Gestation period 225 days (average)
Birth Mass 1800 g (average) (63.36 oz)
Age at sexual or reproductive maturity (female) 730 days (average)
Age at sexual or reproductive maturity (male) 730 days (average)
Aardvarks are thought to be polygamous, in part because only females maintain consistent home ranges. Gestation lasts approximately 7 months and single births are normal, though twinning does occur occasionally. The timing of birth varies across Africa.
Neonates weigh between 1.8 and 2 kg and are approximately 550 mm long. Young remain in the burrow for several weeks following birth before venturing out with the mother on nightly foraging trips. Young excavate their own burrows at 6 months old, though they remain in association with the mother until the following mating season.
Sexual maturity is attained at 2 years after birth. They give birth to a single young after a gestation period of 7 months. The young weigh about 2k.g at birth. It ventures out of the burrow at about 2weeks of age but will stay with its mother for at least 6 months.
Female aardvark animals typically give birth to one newborn each year. The young remain with their mother for about six months before moving out and digging their own burrows, which can be extensive dwellings with many different openings.
The aardvark animal is a solitary animal unless you see the female accompanied by one or more of her young. Gestation takes about seven months for a single offspring. After a gestation period of seven months, the female aardvark animal gives birth to one or occasionally two offspring, which can dig their own burrows at the age of six months.
The young is nursed for only a few months, but will continue to remain with its mother several months after it has been weaned.  The lifespan of an aardvark animal in captivity is as long as 23 years. Although timid, the aardvark animal will fight when it cannot flee or burrow to safety; it defends itself with its powerful claws or by striking with its tail or shoulders.
Food Habits
Aardvarks are insectivores that eat ants and termites. They use their large claws to dig into ant hills and termite mounds and then stick their long, sticky, ex tensile tongue into the nest or mound to get the insects.
Aardvarks use their sense of smell and hearing to help locate the in sects. The principal food items are ants and termites, which are gathered with the long, sticky tongue. Other insects are occasionally taken, and predation on mice has been reported. Aardvarks also eat the fruit of a wild cucumber, known as the aardvark pumpkin, apparently as a source of water. They feed on ants and termites, and can consume about 50,000 insects in a night.
Ants are the preferred prey, but when they become less abundant in the winter, termites are the best next thing. Using their strong front limbs, they break into the insects nests. They can fold their ears back and they have a profusion of nasal hairs to keep out the dust while they are digging.
Although they have poor eyesight, they have acute hearing, and good sense of smell which helps them to locate their prey. Most species of ants and termites are lapped up by the tongue and swallowed whole, but one species of ant is chewed up first. They lack incisor and carnies teeth.
Behavior and Social Habits
Aardvarks are solitary, shy, nocturnal animals. They hunt for food at night while sleeping during the day. They burrow using their large claws and sleep underground in large dens that they dig. Very little is known about the aardvark.
Aardvarks are excellent diggers and excavate burrows that are typically 2-3 m long, although they may be much more extensive. In soft earth, an aardvark can dig faster than several humans using shovels. Aardvarks are nocturnal and sleep during the day curled in a tight circle in the burrow. They are solitary and may be territorial. Males and females occupy separate burrows.
Within its territory, an aardvark uses the same network of paths over an interval of about a week. While foraging, aardvarks cover a strip of ground about 30 m wide in a zigzag path with the ears directed forward and the snout close to the ground, emitting snuffling sounds while searching for prey.
Aardvarks feed by digging into termite or ant mounds with their powerful forelimbs and lapping up the residents with their sticky tongues, which can be thrust 250-300 mm out of the mouth. An unusual behavior of aardvarks is the burying of feces, which they do regularly in shallow excavations 10cm deep. This may be to avoid detection by other aardvarks.
Aardvarks are nocturnal and solitary. They excavate burrows up to 10m long around their home range of 2-5 square km. Three types of burrow are created: those dug when looking for food: temporary sites scattered around the home range and used for refuge. And permanent burrows used by females for giving birth. Only mothers and their young share burrows.
This is the only living representative of the Tubulidentata order. The aardvark animal is a completely nocturnal creature and very difficult to observe since it spends the day in its burrow.
It is an exceptional digger, and can disappear underground rapidly, especially when danger is near. Its tunnel system can sometimes be long and complex, with numerous openings, but they invariably lead eventually to a large chamber. Their tunnels are often used by other animals for shelter, as well. The aardvark animals feed on termites, which it pulls into its mouth with a long sticky tongue.
A primarily nocturnal animal, that is the aardvark animal lives in burrows and feeds on ants and termites, occasionally eating other insects, the fat mouse, and a species of wild ground cucumber. Some experts claim that an aardvark animal can eat as many as 50,000 insects in a single night.
Aardvark animals are nocturnal. They spend the hot African afternoon holed up in cool underground burrows dug with their powerful feet and claws that resemble small spades. After sunset, aardvarks put those claws to good use in acquiring their favorite food—termites.
While foraging in grasslands and forests aardvark animals, also called “ant bears ,” may travel several miles a night in search of large, earthen termite mounds. A hungry aardvark animal digs through the hard shell of a promising mound with its front claws and uses its long, sticky, worm like tongue to feast on the insects within. It can close its nostrils to keep dust and insects from invading its snout, and its thick skin protects it from bites. It uses a similar technique to raid underground ant nests.
The aardvark animal has few predators because it can fight fiercely with the claws of its forefeet, and its skin is quite thick. Hyenas are occasionally hungry enough to try, but only the young, the old and the sick are easy prey for the other carnivores. However, its habitat is shrinking with the encroachment of human civilization, and although it is not yet endangered, there are legal sanctions against trading in their products.
Life Span
Aardvarks live about 10 years in captivity; their life span in the wild is unknown.
Conservation Status
Aardvarks are listed under CITES Appendix II due to a lack of precise information on its status. Aardvarks are not considered to be threatened.
Predators and Threats
The adult aardvark’s principal enemies are human (who sometimes kill it for meat), lions, hyenas and leopards; pythons also take the young. Aardvark flesh is relished by several African tribes and many parts of the aardvark body are used as charms: the teeth are believed to prevent illness and bad.
The Ant bear has a unique silhouette and is easily recognizable with its long pig-like snout, tubular ears, thick tale and powerful stout legs. Its gray-yellow to fawn-gray color skin is almost bare and it tends to take on the color of the soil of its habitat. It has powerful, bear-like digging claws which leave a distinctive three-marked track.
The Ant bear is a solitary nocturnal animal, and is rarely seen during the day. They usually sleep in a hole which they fill in behind them.
A single young is born from July to September (late in winter or in early spring). The young has a mass of around 2kg and the gestation period is about 7 months Negative.
Economic Importance for Humans:
Negative: Aardvark burrows can cause damage to farmlands and are a hazard to vehicles and horses.
Economic Importance for Humans:
Positive: Aardvarks have long been hunted by Africans as well as European colonists for their flesh, hide and for sport. The meat is said to look like coarse beef and taste like pork. Many aardvark parts are valued as charms or curios. Aardvarks are also important as a control on termites.
Ways that people benefit from these animals:
Food body parts are source of valuable material; controls pest population.
Other Comments·
Aardvarks have poor eyesight and are color blind, but have acute hearing and sense of smell.
Aardvarks are nocturnal (spending the day in a burrow), and generally solitary.
Aardvarks are highly adapted burrowers, and are reported to be capable swimmer.
Some Aardvarks may      have unorthodox metaphysical commitment.
Did You Know?
The aardvark has fewer teeth than most mammals.
The teeth are columnar in shape, have no roots and do not grow simultaneously.
Although not thought to be territorial, females seem to become attached to a particular place. The males wander more.
Adult aardvarks are usually solitary, coming together only for mating.
An aardvark’s tongue can be up to 12 inches (30.5 centimeters) long and is sticky to help extract termites from their mound. Size relative to a 6-ft (2-m) man:
Quick stats
