« Syria Lessons | Main | Yassin and Clarke »
The Horrifying "Finding Nemo"
Okay, this is way off topic, so just ignore it if you want.  But am I the only parent who was absolutely horrified by Disney's Finding Nemo?   Mrs Aardvark and I watched it the other night, thinking that when the baby cub is a bit older she might like it.  Seeing as how it's an animated Disney movie and all.
So, for those of you who haven't seen it,  the film  starts out with Nemo the egg's mother and 399 siblings being slaughtered.  Nemo's father survives, and becomes - understandably - an overprotective dad.   At school, Nemo rebels against his hovering dad by swimming up to a boat, where he is abducted by a human swimmer - so Nemo's dad gets to watch the one thing left in the world that he loves taken away from him.  The dad then has a series of adventures, as he is wackily determined to find his son - what a character! - while his son adjusts to life in a fish tank, where the fish live in fear of a human girl who kills fish and flushes them down the toilet.  Along the way, Nemo's dad encounters some sharks, who are trying to quit eating fish but when the blood gets in the water they just can't help themselves and they turn into frightening killing machines.
And at that point, we stopped watching. Yes, I'm sure that Nemo and his father are eventually reunited, and I'm sure it's very touching.  But I don't think my daughter will be finding out about that for many years.  Seriously, what was Disney thinking?  Is this really supposed to be a kid's movie?   Have any parents out there had to sit and explain to their traumatized kids about Nemo's family getting butchered?  Or about how Nemo was stolen away from his father?  Or soothed kids out of nightmares inspired by ravenous sharks trailing blood from their mouths?
Sigh... yeah, yeah,  I may be overidentifying with Nemo's dad a bit much, and I may be exactly the kind of overprotective dad that the movie is poking fun at.  I get that.  But Finding Nemo just horrified me, and I wanted to vent.  Done now.
Posted on March 22, 2004 at 10:23 AM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
http://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c391553ef00d8345bb63869e2
