Anteaters, Sloths and Armadillos  : Encyclopedia
[ ? ] Subscribe To This Site
 
Anteaters, Sloths and Armadillos
Anteaters, Sloths and Armadillos are of the same family. A Bizarre group of animals make up the order of mammals known as the EDENTATES. They include the anteaters, armadillos and sloths, all of which, except the nine – banded armadillo, live in the tropical regions of South America and Central America. The name edentate means without teeth. But it is misleading term, as only the anteaters are toothless. In fact, some armadillos have more teeth tan any other land animals.
Armadillo:
Of the 21 species of armadillo, the largest is the giant armadillo which is 91.5 cm (3 ft) in length. It has up to 100 peg-like - twice as many as most mammals – which are shed when the animal reaches adulthood. The smallest species, the fairy armadillo, is less than 15cm (6 in) long. Armadillos give birth to up to four young. The nine – banded armadillo, from North America, gives birth to quadruplets of the same sex.
Body Amour:
Armadillos are encased in Body Amour formed by separate plates made of bone. Soft skin links the plates together giving them flexibility. In most species the plates cover only the upper part of the body. If threatened, some species, such as the three banded armadillo, roll into a ball while others make for their burrow or dig themselves into the ground.
Claws:
Armadillos have large curved claws. They use them to dig into the ground to make burrows, to escape predators and to find food. The giant Armadillo’s middle claw is the largest claw in the animal kingdom, measuring 18 cm (7 in) around the curve.
Anteater:
There are four species of anteater. The giant anteater lives in grasslands. The other three species live in forests and have prehensile (grasping) tails with which they hang from trees. Anteaters have long snouts and tongues to enable them to collect the termites and ants on which they feed. They locate the prey with their acute sense of smell. Their fore claws are so large that they need to walk of their knuckles. The claws are used to break upon termite nests and for defense.  If threatened, they rear up on their hind legs and try to rip their opponent with their claws.
Young:
A female’s ante aster gives birth to a single young. The young anteater travels on its mother’s back for the first year of its life, by which time it is almost half the size of its mothers.
Giant Anteaters:
