Basic Information
Understanding the Difference
Different animals are awake at different parts of the day.  Here are a  few basic distinctions:
Nocturnal- awake and active during the night; examples- raccoon, skunk, and red  fox  (What other nocturnal animals can your student think of?)
Diurnal- awake and active at day; examples- chipmunk, butterflies
Crepuscular- active at dawn and dusk; examples- Kodiak Bear, snow leopard, mule  deer
Some animals are both nocturnal and diurnal such as the Black-backed Jackal. 
Lapbook Template Who's Who? Flap
Advantages to the Nightlife
Can your student think of any reasons why animals would want to sleep  through the day and come out at night?   Here are three basic  advantages to being a night owl.
1.  Some animals would get too hot or dry out in the daytime.  Night  is cooler.
2.  It's easier to find a food source at night because there isn't as much  competition.
3.  It's also easier to hide at night (from predators).   Many  nocturnal animals are black or grey, and they are camouflaged at night. 
Lapbook Template: Advantages Accordion
Senses
Nocturnal animals must have special senses in order to find their way, hunt  their food, and flee predators. 
Smell- Generally speaking, night animals have a better sense of smell than day  animals.  Smells linger in the air for longer at night since the air is  more still.  Animals use their nose to track the scents and find dinner. 
Touch- Many animals use this sense to help them "see" in the night.   While fishing in the river, a raccoon is dependent on its sense of touch rather  than sight to reach in the water and find fish to eat.   Whiskers also  help animals find their way.  Whiskers are sensitive like a human's  fingertips; cats can stick their whiskers out front to help them feel their way  around in the dark.    Minit book:  Whiskers Simple Fold
Sound- Sharp hearing helps predators find their prey as they fun over leaves and  twigs on the ground.  Sharp hearing also helps prey get away!   The winner in the contests between nocturnal animals is the one that hears the  other first.
Sight- Many nocturnal animals have special eyes that allow them to see better at  night.  Your eyes have a lens that gathers light.  At the back of your  eye, there are lots of cells called rods.  Rods are sensitive to light; the  more rods, the more sensitive the eye is to light.  Nocturnal animals have  many rods in their eyes allowing them to catch a lot more light than we can  catch with our eyes at night.
 
 
Stunning  Hunters
Super senses help night hunters, but they have other features, too, that  help them snag their prey.  
Owl- The feathers on the edges of an owl's wings are very soft, and it muffles  the sound when it swoops down to catch it's food.
Cat- The heavy fur and soft pads on a cat's foot helps them to walk quietly and  sneak up on prey.
Aardvark- An aardvark can hear and smell ants or termites as it walks along; it  effortlessly licks them up with it's sticky tongue.
Bat- a bat uses echolocation to help locate prey (see more information under  Bats)
