by Laurie Childree
Created on: April 01, 2008
Found in Africa south of the Sahara and the size of a pig the aardvark (Orycteropus afer) specializes in eating insects; especially termites. With limbs that are modified to dig into the hard termite mounds found in the African Savannahs. The Aardvark has something more like a shovel for nails as they are in between nails and hooves to allow for better digging ability. Their thick skin with little hair protects them for ant bites and they can even be found sleeping in ant beds they have recently fed on. Unlike anteaters aardvarks do have teeth although they do not have incisors or canines. The aardvark depends on its sense of smell in order to find food.
Coming from South Africa ' Afrikaan's language the name Aardvark means earth pig. With a long snout and pig like body a pig is what one thinks of at first glance. When taking a closer look the ears are rabbit like with a tail resembling a kangaroo; there is no relation to these animals though.
Twenty-three years is the expected life span of an Aardvark. The head and body measure from forty-three to fifty-three inches in length and the tail is from twenty-one to twenty-six inches long. The Aardvark reaches weights of one-hundred and ten pounds up to one-hundred and eighty pounds. The tongue of an aardvark can be up to twelve inches long and is sticky to help them get the termites out of the mound.
Normally there is only one baby aardvark born to a female aardvark during a year after a gestation period of approximately seven months. The babies will stay with the mother for around six months before they go out on their own and begin to dig their own burrows. The burrows can be very elaborate with a lot of different openings.
Aardvarks are nocturnal animals that will travel for miles at night in search of food. They use their front claws to dig through the shell of the termite mounds then uses the tongue to eat the insects within the mound. The nostrils of the aardvark have the ability to close in order to keep the dust and the termites out of the nose. A similar method is used to attack and anthill when they eat them and the aardvark will also eat wild melons.
The area they call home is thought to be large. The senses of smell and hearing are great for an aardvark although they are thought to have poor eyesight since they have been known to run into things when scared. The burrows of the aardvark are known to house other animals as well.
Lions, hyena and leopards are predators of the aardvark. When in danger the aardvark will burrow and manages to burrow faster than the animal chasing them.
Sources:
