Join Date: 04 November 2005
Location: Chickasha, OK
Quote:
Originally Posted by Miss Mouse
Well, the way the brain works (especially when under pressure) is to cluster information into groups, and then one that is considered the "best example" is the representative of the group. Basically, the most obvious answer that comes easiest to mind wins.
Ask people to think of a country that starts with "D" and don't give them much time to decide, and they'll likely come up with Denmark. It's probably the most commonly-known (there are only four total, IIRC) As for "E" or "K" animals, the "best example" from every children's alphabet book EVER is "E is for Elephant" and "K is for Kangaroo". So those would come up into mind before, say, egret or kiwi.
If your family doesn't come up with those commonly-held "best examples", then either your family has a different cultural reference or you simply had more time to think of a creative answer and less pressure to come up with one quickly.
As for "eating out," ... I believe Jenn covered that nicely.
Yes, she did.  Thanks Jenn.  I think.
One day I'll learn not to ask questions here on snopes.  Usually something I don't know has something to do with sex. :o Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with sex, it's just that I always have associated "eating out" with going out to eat at a restaurant, rather than staying home and cooking.  Oh, well.  Such is life in the slow lane!
I don't think we have a different cultural reference, but I suppose it depends on the definition of "different"--I was born in Georgia, raised in the south and lived in Texas and a couple of places in the northeast.  Children all born in Georgia, now most of us live in Oklahoma, except one daughter and a few maternal relatives, who live in Georgia.  Most paternal relatives live in Louisiana.  I didn't think we took a lot of time to come up with answers.  We just said the first thing that popped into our heads.  So, I suppose the conclusion must be that we are, after all, weird.
Signora Del Drago
