Amazon River Monsters
News (03:11)
At the Amazonia exhibit at the Smithsonian's National Zoo, Jorge Ribas interrupts lunchtime for some of the river's aquatic residents.
Golden Lion Tamarin
News (03:03)
With mouthfuls of mealworms, this family of Golden Lion Tamarins work for their food. Jorge Ribas hangs out with these curious monkeys.
Poison Dart Frog
News (02:29)
Jorge Ribas finds out just how deadly the poison dart frogs at the Smithsonian's National Zoo really are.
Caribbean Flamingo
News (03:37)
Jorge Ribas finds out how the flamingo gets its pink color, and whether its knees really do bend backwards.
Green Tree Python
News (02:51)
Hanging in the trees, waiting for a tasty snack to stroll by is the Green Tree Python. Jorge Ribas slithers in for a closer look.
News (01:21)
Two rare clouded leopard cubs were recently born at the Smithsonian's National Zoo's Conservation and Research Center.
Rare Javan Rhinos Filmed
News (01:30)
Several Javan rhinos, one of the world's rarest large mammals, were filmed recently by remote-sensing cameras in Indonesia. The footage gives new insights about the elusive beast. Jorge Ribas reports.
Monarch Butterflies Tagged for...
News (02:39)
Monarch butterflies can migrate 3,000 miles each year. Jorge Ribas flutters around Monarch Watch volunteers tracking the voyage.
Hercules Beetle
News (03:16)
The Hercules Beetle can lift the human equivalent of a 65-ton object. Jorge Ribas finds out what else the big bug can do.
Bird of Magic and Science
News (02:33)
Jorge Ribas is knee-deep in the Arkansas swamp, looking for the Ivory-billed Woodpecker, a bird long considered the Holy Grail of bird watchers and ornithologists.
Birds Keep The Beat
News (02:36)
Animals that can mimic sound can also keep a beat, implying an evolutionary link between the two abilities. Jorge Ribas reports on the new study.
Chimps Invent Brush Tool
News (01:14)
Chimpanzees in the Congo were recently recorded using a new kind of tool to scoop up termites. Jorge Ribas reports.
 
Surfing Geese Explained
Animals (02:28)
A gaggle of geese float down the Colorado River and onto a giant, man-made wave! Are they surfing or just trying to survive (or maybe a little bit of both)? Jorge Ribas gets the answer.
Cat Living in Tree Explained
Animals (01:42)
Born in a tree, Almond the Cat now makes it her home. To find out if the cat will ever come down, Jorge Ribas talks to an expert in animal behavior.
Flea Jump Mystery Solved
Animals (01:05)
Forty-four years after the debate about how fleas jump began, researchers say they've solved the mystery thanks to high-speed cameras that show the insects pushing off with their toes rather than with their knees. Jorge Ribas reports.
Top 10 Grossest, Coolest,...
Earth (01:59)
Discovery News says goodbye to 2010 with a rundown of our top 10 grossest, coolest and weirdest videos: Everything from screaming tadpoles and flying snakes to fire tornados and glowing lava pools.
New Species Discovered in...
Animals (03:24)
More than 200 new species of insects, amphibians and mammals were recently found in the rainforest of Papua New Guinea. So how were all these animals discovered? Conservation International scientists explain their techniques.
Japanese Giant Salamander
Animals (02:51)
At more than five feet long, the Japanese Giant Salamander is one of the largest amphibians in the world. At the Smithsonian's National Zoo, biologists hope to breed the animals for the first time outside of Japan.
Caterpillars 'Gut Slide' to...
Animals (01:40)
Free-floating guts in caterpillars act like pistons helping the insects move. Researchers say this newly described form of locomotion, dubbed 'gut sliding,' could aid in the design of soft-bodied robots. Jorge Ribas reports.
Frog Tadpoles Scream...
Animals (00:48)
Researchers report that Argentine horned frog tadpoles produce 'screams' when in distress. It's the first time ever that vertebrate larvae have been heard using sound to communicate underwater. Jorge Ribas reports.
Giant Prickly Stick Insect
Animals (02:11)
Looking more like a dead leaf than a stick, the Giant Prickly Stick Insect is a master of camouflage. Jorge Ribas visits the Smithsonian's National Zoo to see the huge bug up close.
Octopus Mimics Flounder
Animals (01:44)
New video shows an octopus disguising itself as a flounder. Marine Biological Laboratory senior scientist Roger Hanlon talks to James Williams about the eight-legged impersonator.
Termites Ready Invasion as Ice...
Animals (02:50)
As winter melts into spring, experts warn to be on the look out for termites, which are on the hunt for wet wood. Jorge Ribas finds out how to look for signs of these insatiable insects, and how to protect your house from infestation.
New Amphibians Emerge in...
Earth (01:35)
Researchers have discovered 10 amphibians believed to be new to science in Colombia's Darien region. Jorge Ribas lists the findings.
 
