GOTW: Anteater - by Bryan Bean
Ants, it's what's for dinner
I was reading an old mailbag (#53) and someone mentioned that they loved Anteater. Odd thing, I just played Anteater about a week ago for the first time and was very impressed. It was really fun, and I wanted to keep playing because the game was hard, but not so hard as to be no fun. There was a surprising amount of thinking and strategy involved, which I'll get to later. So to do justice to the mailbag contributor, myself, and the makers of this game (Stern, licensed under Tago), here's my humble contribution to the hallow'ed annals of the Game of the Week.
D.I.Y. Anteating
File Anteater under "obscure gems" or "games that look stupid but turn out to be cool once you play them". One will initially see a dirt maze with pink dots and be tempted to relegate the game to a kind of Pac-Man/Dig Dug clone status. Dots are eaten in a maze, but that is where the similarities end. A summary of the game is as follows, taken from the demo screen:
Push the button to retract the tongue. Eat the Queen to destroy all the ants. When the sun goes down, the spider comes out. Sneak up behind the worm.
The protagonist and his proboscis
That's enough to work with for now. You play the part of the Anteater, or, rather, its tongue, navigating it through a subterranean, orthogonal ant farm to gather food in the form of ants, worms, queen ants, and, my favorite, ant larvae. You know, the pink dots. Here's the upshot of the game: Your tongue goes out slowly but retracts quickly. Ants can only touch the green part (tip) of your tongue. If an ant touches the pink part, you lose a life. Spiders can touch the slack, pink part of your tongue, but not the tip. You can't eat spiders. Who'd want to? You can only avoid them. Worms can touch the pink part of the tongue, and you can eat them only as they are crawling away from you. If you eat a queen ant at the bottom of the screen, all the other bugs disappear. You have two queens available each round and each life. Your score is based on ants eaten times worms eaten, so there is incentive to eat the less palatable and harder-to-get-to worms in addition to the unavoidable ants. To hasten the rising of the morning sun and end the current round and the naughty spiders' reign of terror, eat all the larvae.
What every anteater should know
Observations: When it becomes night, focus on eating larvae. You must survive to the next round to get more points, and those spiders make life hard. They're the only "smart" creature in the game, following the tip of your tongue like a nasty little eight-legged smart bomb. Remember, a dead anteater is a useless anteater.
Anteater has all the strategy of go, othello and chess. Yah huh. Well, it has enough to make it a lot of fun. Heck, I even had fun writing about it. The game requires you to keep your eye on the whole screen while carefully moving your tongue. Kind of like the movies. This game does for strategy what Sega's Bank Panic does for twitch. And in closing:
Mowgli: "You eat ants?"
Baloo: "You better believe it."
Download the arcade rom (requires MAME to run)
