Added by Mechasally
Arthur Timothy Read : is the main character of the series and is the main protagonist . He is a third grade student at Lakewood Elementary in Elwood City . He has two younger sisters, Dora Winifred (D.W.) and Baby Kate. He possesses a sincere partiality towards reading, watching television, playing sports, playing piano and spending time with his friends. He is an aardvark [1 ]. He wears a yellow cotton sweater and a pair of blue jeans. Another feature that Arthur has is his signature round brown glasses, which are explained in Arthur's Eyes. He is the oldest child in his family.
Dora Winifred "D.W." Read: is Arthur's little sister and is a middle child of the Read family. She attends preschool and enjoys watching children's television shows much to Arthur's annoyance. She is also known for her many short-lived obsessions and tantrums if these obsessions are not fulfilled. Many of the series' plots revolve around tensions between D. W. and her brother. Arthur is envious on occasions when D. W. has more success in activities, such as fishing, and D. W. is envious of the privileges and capabilities that Arthur has because he is older. She often tries to get Arthur in trouble and make him look bad. At times, she is self-centered and annoying, and says cruel things to Arthur and other people. But other times, she shows appreciation for Arthur being her older brother. She goes by the short name "D. W.", owing to an evident dislike for her full name. She wears a white long-sleeved tee under a sleeveless pink dress that is knee-length, white stockings, and blue Mary Jane flats.
Buster Baxter : is Arthur's best friend. A jolly and upbeat figure, Buster enjoys watching television, reading works of science fiction, conjuring conspiracy theories, playing video games, playing the tuba, reading joke books, and above all, eating. But despite his excessive eating habits, he is surprisingly lean. (He is as physically active as any of his friends.) However, he sometimes shows a disinterest in school work, and his academic performance is usually underwhelming. He also has asthma . He is very superstitious at times, and is obsessed with extraterrestrial life. He has acted as a detective on occasion, once teaming up with Fern, and is usually successful, though his tendency to embrace superstition and conspiracy theories hinders him. Buster lives with his mother, Bitzi, and occasionally travels with his father, Bo. Buster also had his own spin-off series, entitled Postcards from Buster . [2 ] He is shown as a white rabbit with a greenish blue sweater with a salmon colored collar and blue jeans.
Francine Alice Frensky: is a tomboy who loves sports, drumming and singing. She is the best player on her team in just about every sport they play, rivaled only by the Brain. She is also good at the drums and singing, but has unsuccessfully tried to do them simultaneously. Her blunt, outspoken demeanor can sometimes have a negative effect on her relationships with friends and relatives. She is of Polish-Jewish descent. She can occasionally be bossy to her friends. Francine is best friends with Muffy Crosswire. She has been friends with Arthur since preschool, and they are each others second best friends. She and Arthur occasionally fight, but make up in the end. She is shown as a squirrel monkey with a red sweater with blue jeans and a barrette on each side of her hair. She is also referred to as the most popular kid at school, though she is never mean about it.
Mary Alice "Muffy" Crosswire: is Francine's best friend, though they are opposites in many ways. She is the wealthiest girl in school, and is generally portrayed as a stereotypical rich and spoiled girl. She tends to be extremely self-centered, and like Francine, her behavior occasionally leads her into trouble with her friends. She also tries to impress her friends with her dad's wealth and because of this she is often labeled as a show-off by her friends. Muffy has an older brother named Chip. Her signature hairstyle is pigtails, usually braided, and had buck teeth as she did in the books on several but not all episodes of season 1. She is shown as a cream colored orangutan in a white blouse with a purple jumper and two matching bows to tighten her braids.
Alan (The Brain) Powers: is one of Arthur's friends and classmates. He is a mild-mannered only child, who excels both academically and athletically (especially the former). He spends his free time working at his parents' ice cream parlor, while also managing a career as a good soccer player. Brain is an original character from the Arthur books. Brain had a secret that he had "flunked" (wasn't emotionally ready for) Kindergarten, in "Brain's Shocking Secret". He celebrates Kwanzaa and likes to listen to blues records. He is shown as a brown field mouse who wears a cream-colored buttoned dress shirt with long sleeves under a gray wool sweater having only the folded down collar and the folded over cuffs showing and a pair of olive green pants. Brain is the only left-handed character on the Arthur TV series while the rest of the 'characters are all right-handed.
Binky Barnes: Binky Barnes is a one of Arthur's 9 year old friends and classmates. He was originally written as a bully , who secretly harbors sensitive and caring feelings. He enjoys studying the fine arts, including playing the clarinet and performing ballet . He was the leader of a bully clique, known as the Tough Customers, which in later seasons takes on more noble endeavors. He is now portrayed as one of Arthur's best friends but still acts rashly at times. In the episode "Binky Goes Nuts", it is discovered that he is allergic to peanuts . Recently, his family adopted his 1 year old sister named Mei-Lin who was from China. Binky is an original character from the books. Binky is shown as a cream colored english bulldog with an orange collared shirt, casual blue pants, and a gray belt. It's also said that he flunked third grade and had to repeat it.
Sue Ellen Armstrong: is a recent transfer to Arthur's school. Her father is a diplomat, and so her family has lived in various spots around the world. She is interested in world culture, and is skilled in the martial arts. She practices tae-kwon-do , and is not afraid of people much bigger than herself, including Binky. She can whistle, and though she is an only child, keeps in touch with her brother-like friend on the other side of the world. She is shown as a tan burmese cat with a cream vest and a teal dress.
Fern Walters: is one of Arthur's classmates. She enjoys reading poetry and mystery novels. Fern's mother, Doria Walters, is constantly trying to get Fern to become more extroverted, and even Fern herself sometimes worries she is "too quiet". She is known for her realistic storytelling, especially when telling horror stories based on Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein - at one point even scaring Athur and the others to the point of nightmares and referring to her as "the queen of darkness." She has much talent for solving crimes, and being an amateur sleuth. One of her favorite authors is Persimmony Glitchet, a parody to famous author Lemony Snicket . She is shown as a golden retriever in a purple long sleeved blouse with a yellow collar, yellow cuffs and buttons, and yellow pants and a red ribbon on her left ear. Although Fern had a shy personality in the early seasons, over the years she has grown more social and closer to Arthur and his classmates.
Prunella Deegan: is 9 years old and a grade above Arthur and his friends, and as a result is somewhat snobbish and condescending towards the younger kids. She brags about winning competitions from last grade and tends to bring it up to Arthur and his friends. She is interested in yoga, fortune telling, paranormal phenomena and loves Henry Skreever, the show's parody of Harry Potter . She is shown as a peach colored poodle who wears a blue dress with a white collar and a purple bow in her hair.
The Tibble Twins: Timmy Tibble and Tommy Tibble are twin boys at D.W.'s age who routinely exasperate Arthur, D.W., and most everyone with their mischievous and destructive antics. Tommy wears a red scarf and Timmy, who tends to lead their wild behavior, wears a blue scarf. Though they are rather reckless and mischievous, they are actually quite sweet and good-hearted. They repent for many of their mistakes and live with their kind, though a bit weary, grandmother. They are shown as brown hamsters .
Emily: Emily is one of D.W.'s 4 year old classmates and friends. She first met D.W. in a gymnastics class, and later became a regular character in the series. She is wealthy and a perfectionist. She often outshines D.W. in many activities, and D.W. often tries to outperform her, but with mixed results. She possibly has a French heritage because she is closely associated with French culture, and even has a French nanny. Emily was at first seen as a white llama with a short neck, tall ears, short blonde hair, and a pink floral dress. In the sixth season, her design changed to much longer hair, and a blue dress. Emily is half rabbit and half monkey, and is the only trans-species character in the series so far.
George Lundgren: is one of Arthur's classmates, and is a moose. Like Fern, he is very shy and quiet yet really nice and rather talented. In the earlier seasons, he appeared mostly as a gag character, especially as one to be bullied by Binky. He has dyslexia and is well-known in his class as a ventriloquist, performing with his dummy, Wally. He is often isolated from his classmates because of his frequent nosebleeds, which grosses out everyone. He is of Swedish descent (proven by his recollection of a Saint Lucy's Day celebration). His last name was formerly "Nordgren" until Season 11 and onwards which has now been changed to "Lundgren". Whenever George enters a competition, he wins first place or near first place, a running gag in the series. George is shown as an elk with an orange shirt and khaki pants.
Jenna Morgan: is one of Arthur's classmates. She plays badminton, helps coach soccer, received an Athlete of the Year award from Michelle Kwan , and is lactose intolerant . Jenna also suffers from nocturnal enuresis . In "Jenna's Bedtime Blues", she was afraid to go to Muffy's slumber party for fear of her embarrassing secret being discovered. Jenna is shown as a cat in a pink dress with yellow buttons and hot pink interior. Jenna hates being the center of attention.
Contents
