Videos
related videos for anteater
Rare Anteater Remains Discovered CHAN: In Indonesia police have arrested 14 people in connection with the kidnapping of an endangered anteater species. STORY: They may not look valuable but these sacks contain the remains of one of the world's rarest animals. 14 tons of dead endangered Pangolins or scaly anteaters have been found on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. It's the largest ever seizure of the animal and 14 people have been arrested. The scaly anteater is a solitary nocturnal animal only found in Asia and Africa. It's meat is considered a delicacy by some and its scaly skin is made into handbags and shoes. The scales are also used in Chinese medicine to treat allergies and ***ually transmitted diseases. Police found the remains in frozen containers during a raid on a warehouse in Palembang. They were destined for China via seaports in Sumatra and Java.
WildAbout: Anteaters! Find out more about the elusive Anteater here, the first of ZSL's Wild About Series, www.zsl.org
Cranky anteaters This kids is what happens when you stay up past your bed time. Pua and Stewie were playing in the crib then when I looked over again saw Stewie sleeping on top of the cage and Pua dozing in the play pen. I took a couple pictures then Pua starts crying so I rub her hands and sweet talk her but it didn't help this time. Then it escalates and Stewie wakes up and starts hissing and I doubt he even knew why. Pua joins him on the cage top hissing a duet with him. Offing some blue cheese water got them to drink a bit but then Pua heard a train whistle blow in town and Pua is hissing like mad again, forget the blue cheese the world is about to end. Stewie drank more blue cheese in between hisses of agreement with Pua. Then he went into the hammock after a bit with his head over the edge dozing but giving occasional hisses. Pua continues to freak out so gave her some bits of blue cheese and that helped. She then joined Stewie in the hammock only to have him get out and keep hissing. So now he's hissing on the roof and Pua is hissing in the hammock, at this point because he left her, and maybe that's why it all started, "cry - he left me". So I stand on the trunk(box)and massage Stewie's neck(his calming spot) and give Pua my hand to hug and rub her paw. This works but I'm stuck in the fun position till Stewie finally decides to calm down then rejoin Pua and now all is well again with two sleeping tamanduas. I figured since they wouldn't calm down anyway I'd take a quick movie so ...
Anteater Love Bonding time with Pua. I can't believe the camera picked up the ad playing on my headphone! Part way through she is concerned of the car noise, sounds like a growling jaguar to her. FAQ hubpages.com
Hello Little Anteater.... Say hello to Arthur the baby Anteater.
Cute Baby Anteater Finds Its Feet At his debut in Tokyo, a cute baby anteater is a little shaky on his feet. Why don't you come and join us on Facebook and Twitter to stay up to date with our videos and other animal stories!! Like us on Facebook: ow.ly Follow us on Twitter: ow.ly
Baby Anteaters These brand new baby anteaters are causing a stir at a Tokyo zoo.
Anteater yawn Pua snug in her hammock and a yawn about 30 seconds in.
Giant Anteater Informational video clip about the Giant Anteater.
Anteater Attack Pua begs for more ants then attacks, in play, when she doesn't get enough. hubpages.com
Echidna (Spiney Anteater) Awesome Victor, the short-beaked echidna is being held here by Tavio at the San Diego Childrens Zoo. Cora is the cute girl stroking Victor's quills. Meet a strange and wonderful creature over 50 years old called an echidna, or spiny anteater. From Australia, New Guinea, and Tasmania, this primitive mammal is like the duckbill platypus in that THE GIRLS CAN LAY EGGS! This is a primitive creature from prehistoric times that has adapted over many many years. They have no teeth, but a long sticky tongue to eat ants, earthworms and termites. It has a very good sense of smell at the end of it's nose (or beak), and good ears (has ear slits) and can dig like crazy - just look at those claws! To have babies, the female lays sort of a leathery egg the size of a grape! She rolls the small egg into a pouch on her stomach. A baby echidna that hatches 10 days later is called a PUGGLE! She secretes from a gland in the pouch to feed the baby... she has no nipples like other mammals. For free cartoon clipart of animals (with funny sayings) visit my website at www.lillyarts.com. For more information en.wikipedia.org ABOUT ECHIDNAS AT WIKIPEDIA AND www.sandiegozoo.org ECHIDNA INFO AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO AND www.parks.tas.gov.au AUSTRALIA TASMANIA PARKS ECHIDNA
Handraised Giant Ant Eater Adolpho 14 weeks old, curious and cute! The first Giant Ant Eater raised in Berlin Zoo.
Anteater New Years Drink A little sparkling cider Anteater FAQhubpages.com
anteaters feeding You know. They're doing their thing. And if you like this one, be sure to check out my other video, "Anteaters Wrestling."
Giant Baby Anteater Born at Houston Zoo The Houston Zoo is proud to welcome the newest member of our extended family, Olive the baby giant ant eater. Born August 9, Olive is being hand reared at the Zoo. Click on the video to find out more about Olive and what it means to bottle feed a baby ant eater. Zoo members can find out more about Olives story in the Winter 2008 edition of WildLife, the Houston Zoos member magazine. Not a member? Visit here www.houstonzoo.org to find out about all the great benefits of a Zoo Membership!
Anteater drinks wine Sparkling cran-apple juice FAQ www.contentcaboodle.com
Anteater play under table Pua and Stewie under the table www.contentcaboodle.com
Anteater tortures dog Pua gets back for all the times Hyzzie bugs her by digging in the dog food. I keep it up there to hold Pua's food place mat in place. hubpages.com Oh that container on the floor had been sitting on the bucket when she removed the lid. They aren't generaly left laying about the floor.
Anteater vs Coconut Stewie tamandua plays with his nut "www.contentcaboodle.com
Stewie walks on two legs Tamandua anteater walks on two legs www.contentcaboodle.com
Anteater food I've been getting a lot of questions about what they eat. This is in response to the consistency. 3 cups ground beef(75% lean) 3 cups feeder insects(optional but ups the protein) Wasn't in this batch but plan to order more for next time 1 cup beef heart 1/3 cup flax seed 1 cup wheat bran 1/3 cup spinach or 1 teaspoon dried thyme 3tbls black strap molasses(for iron) 2 tbls nutritional yeast(for iron and B vitamins)(They have very high iron needs) Always add vinegar, cider preferred. Pua always drinks some so I don't measure the vinegar. I just add some so it's not so dry and seems the right consistency. Vinegar is for digestion to replace the acid in the ants and termites. They lack the stomach acid of other mammals. This time I added grape seed oil for vit E instead of mixing that into her cheese. So that makes it a little different than without. not much different though as I added maybe a half cup to a large batch, like 14X the recipe. Eldorado eats it better if I add more vinegar to his. I just plash a bit on his food in the bowl and mix it. Formulated to match the nutrient composition of their wild diet. I mostly use thyme now as Pua likes it that way and it helps preserve the food as does the vinegar. PS when i mention not being able to eat the chunks I mean if it gets cooked and bits get hard from cooking. I try to remember to set some down soon enough to avoid having to micro thaw it to avoid accidental cooking
THE AMAZING ANT EATER !!!!! enough said.
Johannes Schmoelling - The Anteater The Zoo Of Tranquillity (1988) "This record was inspired by Paul Spooner's Illustrated Book of Automata 'Spooner's Moving Animals' or 'The Zoo of Tranquillity', produced by Bellew Publishing Co. Ltd. 1986, published by Virgin Books. Everyone who buys a copy of the book should go and see the Cabaret mechanical Theatre, Covent Garden, London.".
Anteater fridge raid Pua goes after some Blue cheese. I have a latch with a pin for this reason but hadn't put the pin in yet so filmed her.
Anteater eating a creamsicle Stewie was offered a lick of cream cycle but was startled and clawed the whole thing off the stick. He then was eating it and started doing the OMG it's cold dance. I have et to get that on film. My dad was concerned and asked what he was doing. The explanation of brain freeze got the point across and made for a laugh. This was m attempt to recreate the dance but it didn't happen. www.contentcaboodle.com
Very Cute Ant Eater Family in Action The cute Giant Ant Bear Family was playfully fighting at Vienna`s Zoo. The funniest thing was that they tried to grab each others long noses to press them to the ground. Watch out for the dangerous looking claws!
Anteaters wrestle in my lap Pua and Stewie play www.contentcaboodle.com
Anteater Brain Freeze Pua bummed some vanilla ice cream off of me so Stewie needed his own. Here we get a glimpse of Stewie's OMG that's cold dance.(yeah the sheets did need hanging after)
David Letterman - Attack of the Anteater "Jungle" Jack Hanna's anteater gets a little too close for Dave's comfort.
Baby Anteater Riding On Mom's Back! The Zoo's new baby anteater is now out and about with mom at the Puente al Sur. The two will be out at various times of the day. Come see this adorable little, but giant anteater.
Rare wild footage of giant spiny anteater and cute baby Australian animals - BBC wildlife Fantastic nocturnal wild footage of the rare giant spiny anteater who oddly prefers worms to ants! Cute Australian animals show off in the trees of the forest. From the BBC.
Silky Anteater This gem of Costa Rican rainforest is very hard to find due to being nocturnal, arboreal, and rare. I fell off the tree while trying to get him down. Soon, he assumed a boxing position and punched me in the face. And yes - those claws do hurt. Location: Tortuguero, Costa Rica.
Cute baby anteater unveiled at the zoo More @ www.cutebreak.com - A Tokyo Zoo has unveiled its latest arrival - a baby anteater who is a little bit wobbly on its feet. Original from here www.youtube.com
AARitual The greatest dance craze
giant anteater with baby in duisburg zoo see a baby giant anteater riding on its mothers back in the zoo duisburg. the baby was born on 1st of march 2006, the video taken june 11th. have fun !!!!
Giant Ant Eater Anteaters are edentate animals—they have no teeth. But their long tongues are more than sufficient to lap up the 35000 ants and termites they swallow whole each day. The anteater uses its sharp claws to tear an opening into an anthill and put its long snout and efficient tongue to work. But it has to eat quickly, flicking its tongue up to 160 times per minute. Ants fight back with painful stings, so an anteater may spend only a minute feasting on each mound. Anteaters never destroy a nest, preferring to return and feed again in the future. These animals find their quarry not by sight—theirs is poor—but by smell. Anteaters are found in Central and South America, where they prefer tropical forests and grasslands. There are four different species which vary greatly in size. The silky anteater is the size of a squirrel, while the giant anteater can reach 7 feet (2.1 meters) long from the tip of its snout to the end of its tail. Some anteaters, the tamandua and the silky anteater, ply their trade in the trees. They travel from branch to branch in search of tasty insects. Anteaters are generally solitary animals. Females have a single offspring once a year, which can sometimes be seen riding on its mother's back. Anteaters are not aggressive but they can be fierce. A cornered anteater will rear up on its hind legs, using its tail for balance, and lash out with dangerous claws. The giant anteater's claws are some four inches (ten centimeters) long, and the animal can fight off ...
Anteaters Quibble over blue cheese Pua and Stewie enjoy the blue cheese wrapper
Pua tamandua anteater eat ants One one of her hikes in the woods FAQ www.contentcaboodle.com
Can't Buy Me Love - African Anteater Ritual! Another clip from the 1987 movie, "Can't Buy Me Love." Starring Patrick Dempsey, Courtney Gains and Amanda Peterson. The clip is from: www.patrick-dempsey.org
Stewie's spoon trick Tamandua holds his own spoon to eat wile standing up www.contentcaboodle.com
Discovery Coves First Baby Anteater Thrives With Human Care The first lesser anteater born at Discovery Cove in Orlando is doing well after two weeks of intensive care by the parks animal training staff. The female was born Tuesday, Sept. 16, via the first c-section the parks vets had ever done on an anteater. Staff veterinarians performed the operation as the mom was in labor for more than 24 hours and showed little progress. It was a success but the new mom showed little interest in her first baby. Animal trainers quickly stepped in and provided the tiny new baby additional supplemental bottle feedings around the clock (every four hours) while slowly introducing her to her mom. Now nursing full time, the baby is tipping the scales at less than one pound and is more than 5 inches long. She now spends her days nursing, resting and bonding with mom.
Electrocuted Ant Eater This curious ant eater at London Zoo gets a "shock" when he rubs his nose against the electric fence!
On Twitter
Blogs & Forum
blogs and forums about anteater
“Blog " Back to Blog " Older Entry | Newer Entry " Anteaters Finish 2nd @ McIntyre Team Race. Posted by Anteater Sailing Team on   Conditions on Saturdayand the first part of Sunday provided light to medium breeze, which favored the Anteater Sailing Team”
