Insects as Sustainable Food
By Anteater
Even the most straight edge, hard-core vegan will have inadvertently consumed more than a pound of insects in their lifetime.
I am not speaking of the occasional insect that flies down your throat. All of us have been eating flour beetles, weevils and other insects that infest granaries since we stopped suckling. If we were fed processed baby food and fruit drinks, we probably developed a secret liking for these insects that continued into adulthood. While this may present a quandary for the most well-meaning vegans, it also leads to issues of sustainability for those with different diet ideologies.
Entomaphagy, or the eating of insects, has roots to the beginning of human time. Mormon crickets (Anabrus simplex) were one of the food sources of early Native Americans. Crickets were collected from bushes and in grasslands, though they often reached the greatest densities along bodies of water. In modern day experiments, researchers have discovered that crickets collected in fields provided more sustenance for natives than all other local resources, with the exception of small and large game animals. One person collecting crickets for one hour yielded more than 18 pounds, the protein equivalent of 86 hamburgers.
Although entomaphagy is not presently commonplace in North America, it is a regular component of a healthy diet in other countries. Insects are important to Australian aborigines, as well as to African, Middle Eastern and Asian populations. Filipino farmers flood their fields to capture mole crickets, while the Thai people eat crickets, grasshoppers, beetle larvae and dragonflies. In China, bee larvae is eaten raw or fried.
Insects are a good survival food and could be an integral element to an environmentally sustainable lifestyle. Many species of insects are lower in fat, higher in protein and have a better feed-to-meat ratio than beef, lamb, pork or chicken. Compared to growing soybeans, insects are a more efficient and sustainable food source and just as functional in a multitude of recipes. Insects can be dried and ground into flour, mixed in a soup as thickener, bread, cakes and other flour-based food.
There are 1,462 recorded species of edible insects. Most ants and ant larvae are edible and tasty. Black ants can be eaten raw, whereas fire ants are not considered to be edible. The formic acid, which gives ants a vinegar flavor, mostly disappears when they are boiled. In Thailand, ant juice is sometimes substituted when recipes call for lemon. Larger ants can be squeezed onto your fresh wild salad. Both the adults and larvae of cicadas, Japanese beetles, June bugs and floor beetles are edible.
Caterpillars are edible, but the smooth ones are best. Survival manuals recommend not eating the brightly colored ones or those that feed on toxic plants. On the other hand, the brightly colored tomato worm is edible. Mayflys, waterbugs and silverfish are also edible and can be prepared like most insects.
It may be hard to believe, but cockroaches are edible yet low in nutrition. Obviously, they are a prime candidate for gut purging due to their poor food source. Crickets and grasshoppers can add protein, calories, fat and vitamins B1 and B2. Mole crickets, Mormon crickets and grasshoppers are the most common insects eaten worldwide and are edible at all stages of their life cycle. Termites are the second most eaten insect in the world. Live termites provide about 350 calories per 100 grams with 23 percent protein and 28 percent fat. If you find a collection under a log, you can throw them in whatever is for dinner.
Earthworms raw or cooked have a nice concentration of 70 percent protein and are abundant to collect. You can even raise them in your home compost pile. Honey bees and wasps are accepted around the world as a favored food. They are edible at all stages of growth. Boiling tends to break down their poison and soften the stinger. Pounding them before boiling is also effective.
Insects are best if cooked or frozen while alive. Once insects die, they can become unpalatable. To prepare most insects for eating, those that are alive will have to be slowed down by placing them in a refrigerator for several hours. They can be kept alive for several days in a refrigerator. When ready to eat, place them in a kitchen colander and toss them while blowing on them to separate the debris from the insect. The small debris will pass through the colander and the other will blow away. Pour out the crickets on a paper towel or wax paper. If you have not removed the dead ones before refrigerating them, remove them now. Rinse in cool water, drain, pat dry with a paper towel and use immediately or freeze in a plastic bag for later use.
You may or may not want to remove the legs and wings. Some recommend removing the heads because they have no food value, but others prefer to not remove anything. If you prefer to remove parts, the procedure works best when the insect is frozen or already dry roasted. Insects with a hard outer shell have parasites and a few are transferable to humans, so cook them before eating. Grasshoppers, in particular, can carry several parasitic worms that can be passed to humans. Most other insects can be eaten raw, but cooking normally improves their taste.
In general, it is best to crush or use a blender on your insects and cook in a stew to disguise their appearance. If at any time you find you cannot eat your gathered insects, do not despair. Boil them in a pot of water. The fat will rise to the top. Scoop it up and drink. Or as is done in Japan with grasshoppers, boil in soy sauce to get a grasshopper that tastes sort of like a soy-sauce flavored potato chip. Dry insects placed on a paper towel can be baked on a cookie sheet at 150-200 degrees for at least one hour until dried. An alternative is to freeze the insect in a plastic bag overnight, then blanch them to remove any debris or contaminants. Next take off the head and legs and bake them for about two hours until dry. You will now have an insect that will fit into most recipes. In the outdoors, they can be killed and then placed on a hot rock to be solar dried.
The faint of heart should skip this next section on fly larvae because they are maggots. Fly larvae are commercially available for biological research and as food for some animal companions. In nature, they are easy to capture and often found in clusters around roadkills. One way to remove the larvae from decomposed meat is to place the meat in a box with openings in the bottom corners and containers under the openings. The larvae will crawl to the corners where they will fall into the containers. Bright lights seem to aid in driving the larvae off into the containers. Wash in cool water and cook.
One insect that is easy to prepare and is a tasty addition to any recipe is the mealworm. Like crickets, mealworms have an oily, nutty flavor. Prepare as with other insects. For a starter stock, they are readily available from pet dealers along with directions for raising them. The mealworms you purchase will be packaged with bran or newspaper. They are easy to raise if you have a source of bran meal. Begin with shoe boxes or plastic containers. Fill with four inches of bran meal or cream of wheat and add 25 or more mealworms. The moisture and additional food required for growth is provided by an apple or potato slice placed on top of the bran. Replace moisture source every seven to 10 days. A thin layer of shredded paper is placed on the meal for the adult beetles to crawl on. No cover is needed because the beetles will not crawl out of the container. Add additional meal as needed. Once the pupa emerges as a beetle, it will lay 400-500 eggs that hatch into larvae in two weeks. Then they become adults in two or three weeks. In a survival situation, mealworms will eat any crushed grain or weed seeds.
Moths that you find flying around your lights are edible and taste pretty good, a little bit like almonds. Moth larvae provide about 265 calories per 100 grams. The are about 63 percent protein and 15 percent fat.
Pill bugs, or rolly-pollies—actually crustaceans and not insects—are found under boards and rocks in moist places and can be boiled in water and eaten as a crunchy protein source. To eat scorpions—also not insects, but arachnids—remove any hard parts as well as the tail.
Snails and slugs are not insects, but they are also a good food resource. Both aquatic and terrestrial snails are edible. Boil slugs in vinegar to remove mucous then stir fry in olive oil or butter and garlic salt.
From vegetables to cows, people kill for their survival. I’m not going to argue that eating insects does not contribute to the suffering of amazing creatures. Whether you wildcraft them or raise them, a personal relationship is formed. Since insects need to be eaten freshly killed there is no middleperson in the process, unlike in restaurants or grocery stores. You also have to know what you are eating and educate yourself about your food source. These skills will be instrumental in any survival situation in the wilderness or at an action where food sources may be taken away. Or after industrial collapse when the soy powder runs out.
Other articles by Anteater .
Earth First! Journal • PO Box 964, Lake Worth, FL 33460
(561) 249-2071 • collective
