DJ Services and Live Musicians
New for the 2012 summer entertainment season!
Call (570) 424-9947 for more information!
_
Aardvark Entertainment provides  the best in entertainment from the Poconos in Pennsylvania, New Jersey,  New York, or anywhere in the United States. No matter your party or  event needs, we provide the personal service that you need to make your  event a tremendous success.
Meet the Owners
Mark Clark
Mark has been performing for over 35 years. He started his career at Great Adventure in 1974. Mark has had the pleasure to work and study with such greats as The Amazing Randi, Bob McAllister, Robert Baxt, John Bundy, Fred Collins and Ormond McGill. Since then, Mark        has traveled the world performing. His unique style of entertainment is a great addition to any event.
The magic Mark does is more than his amazing stage presence  and illusions during one of his magic shows. It is the many other  talents he has perfected over the years.
Mark has been asked "You're a Magician, Hypnotist, Balloon  Sculptor, Stilt Walker, Juggler, Puppeteer, Fire-Eater, Living Statue,  Character Actor and Clown. Would you call yourself a variety artist?"  Mark's answer is always "No just someone who loves to entertain". People  have proclaimed over the years that Mark is an entertainment chameleon.  He has created shows and characters to fit any theme or situation for  private parties and resorts around the world. The entertainment value  and memories Mark has brought to thousands over and over is nothing  short of magical.
www.themagicofmarkclark.com
Georgette Clark
Georgette has been working with children since the age of 13. She knew  early on that she would spend her working years surrounded by children.
During high school, Georgette chose to take classes specializing in Child Care and Development.  At that time, the high school was developing a partnership with the local community college to have the high school level classes count as credits towards an Early Childhood Diploma at the college.  Georgette's portfolio was one of the portfolios chosen to help secure the partnership.  She continued her education in Early Childhood Development though college. 
During this time Georgette was employed at Caesar's Brookdale on the Lake - a family resort.  It was there that she meet her husband, Mark Clark. 
Georgette came to Aardvark Entertainment and developed many talents including balloon sculpture, face painting and stilt walking while allowing her understanding of children to shine through in her performances. 
As Georgette's career in performance developed, she has had the chance to learn talents and the ins and outs of the entertainment business from many respected performers including Fred Collins, Ormond McGill, Ron Maslanka, and her husband Mark.
