Pangolin
Physical Characteristics
Three types of pangolins exist in Africa—the giant pangolin, the tree pangolin and the most widespread, the ground pangolin. Pangolins have small heads and long, broad tails. They are toothless and have no external ears, although their hearing is good. Their sense of scent is well-developed, but their sight is poor. The weight of the protective keratinous scales and skin make up about 20% of the pangolin's weight. The animal preens itself by scratching with the hind legs, lifting its scales so the claws can reach the skin. It also uses its tongue to remove insects from under the scales.
Habitat
The common pangolin prefers sandy soils and is found in woodlands and savannas, within reach of water.
^ Back to top
Behavior
Pangolins are nocturnal and remain in their burrows during the day. All pangolins are able to roll themselves into a ball to defend themselves, and it takes considerable force to unroll them. The cutting action of their armor-plated scales, worked by powerful muscles, protect them too, by inflicting serious wounds on anything inserted between them. Pangolins also have anal scent glands that emit strong, foul smelling secretions.
Pangolins are normally solitary. Females are usually alone with their young, but occasionally are accompanied in their burrow by a male. The young are 6 inches long and weigh 12 ounces at birth. Their pale, soft scales begin to harden by the second day. The baby is folded in the mother's lap or rolled-up body. Nursed for 3 to 4 months, it begins to eat termites at 1 month. At this time the infant begins to accompany the mother, perhaps riding on the base of her tail. If the mother senses danger the baby slips under her and is protected when she rolls up her body.
^ Back to top
Diet
Pangolins use their sense of smell to locate termite and ant nests. They dig the insects from mounds with their claws and use their extremely long tongues (up to 16 inches in larger pangolins) to eat them. In a resting position the tongue is pulled back into a sheath that retracts into the chest cavity. Large salivary glands coat the long tongue with a gummy mucus to which ants and termites stick.
