Moles & Mole Biology
"Talpa europaea"
The European mole (Talpa europaea) belongs to the Insectivora, weighs about a 100 - 150 grams and will need to eat about 50 grams of insects a day to maintain it's high metabolic rate. The mole does not have a winter hibernation period, contrary to common belief, and are quite solitary animals (although a great number of moles can be present in fields). Moles feed mainly on earth worms and other invertebrates caught in their tunnel systems.
Mole hills are the most obvious sign of mole activity. The garden mole causes lawns  to become damaged and unsightly which is a reason why a mole catcher is called in at homes. However Mole activity in agricultural land can cause serious mole damage to livestock or crops. When grass is used for silage, soil contamination can spoil feeds, making it less palatable for livestock and increasing the risk of soil-born diseases. This is the main reason for agricultural mole control.
 
Reasons to hire a mole catcher
Gadgets such as ultrasound or magnetic repellents currently available are a waste of money and should be avoided as a deterrent: there is no solid scientific proof that they rid get rid of moles.
In addition the use of trapping moles alive for release elsewhere is cruel in practice, because moles panic and might die of exhaustion.  The best option is to get a traditional mole catcher to remove moles efficiently!
 
Efficient mole trapping services
We use the highly effective half barrel mole traps (Duffus type) to get rid of moles, unless the soil type dictates  alternatives.
We simply charge per trapped mole, no callout, survey or hidden charges:
So ....NO MOLE = NO FEE.... using very competitive rates per caught mole. We also offer a "bulk" discount if the mole control survey suggest that a large number of moles are present and you can discuss your budget, so we keep catching moles until we hit your set budget. Alternatively we can offer customized scheduled re-visits to nip mole invasions in the bud, work at an hourly rate, or per land area covered (opposed to a charge per mole). Call 0800 644 0134 or 0796 88 45 888  for price enquiries or to discuss your mole control requirements.
 
