Leave a Comment
I was on the bus home from town today, when an old man tried to get on the bus. He was unsteady on his feet. His hands shook, he struggled with gripping his pass. When he placed his pass on the machine to be scanned, it didn’t work. He asked if he could still get a ticket. The bus driver said “if you open your pass you can”. Well, as I said, the man could barely hold his pass, let alone have the manual dexterity to open the pass. He asked the driver if he would help.
The driver said no.
Before any of us on the bus realised the driver was going to be such an arsehole, the man had got off the bus, very distressed, and even after a man ran after him, he was too upset and had to go home.
This may be a bit of a leap, but the attitude of the driver made me think of recent events in the House of Commons. The person that could and should help this man just flat out refused. Yesterday in the House of Commons, the government who are supposed to protect our interests and support those in need, voted to destroy our welfare system.
I’m struggling to articulate just how damaging the welfare reform bill actually is. How many disabled children will have their benefits taken away. How cancer patients will be forced to attend work capability assessments while receiving chemotherapy treatment. How families will have their benefits capped at £26k per year, regardless of the number of children in the family or average rents in the area.
The idea is to get people off benefits and into work.  Well, they can chuck people off benefits, but there is no work to put people into. So instead of having lots of people on ESA, we will have lots of people on JSA.  This is supposed to save the country money. How does it save money sending truckloads of people for assessments (which they fail, because the assessments are designed to be failed), then having failed the assessments, making them claim JSA, which means sending them for fortnightly Jobcentre appointments.  Does anyone else think that this will cost money, rather than saving it?
Of course, the saving will come from the people who have benefits removed completely. The people whose partners earn £7500 but who have been claiming contributions based ESA for more than a year.  Those people will just have to be supported by whatever small salary their partners can bring in. Meanwhile, bosses of nationalised banks continue to get shockingly inflated bonuses, and large companies disgracefully avoid paying the enormous tax bills they owe.
By the time the “reforms” have taken effect, more people will be forced to choose between heating and food, more people will be forced to move into inappropriate housing, more disabled people will have had care removed and be unable to wash or feed themselves, we will have sent dying cancer patients to work capability assessments, and driven more people to increasingly desperate measures. Then the “reforms” will be shown for what they are. Unfortunately, for many, by this point, it will be too little, too late. Just like it was for the gentleman on the bus.
