Post a comment
The Giant Anteater (Myrmecophaga tridactyla) is, as its name suggests, the largest member of the mammal family of anteaters. It has stiff gray hair and formidable claws, and it is large enough to defend itself from, and even kill, a jaguar.
What is the appearance of a giant anteater?
The giant anteater is covered with a coarse gray hair, with black and white stipes on the shoulder. The front legs are white with a black band around them. The head and body of the giant anteater reach a length of about three to four feet, with a sturdy tail about two to three feet long.
What is the life of a giant anteater like?
The giant anteater lives on the ground, with no nest or den, sleeping in different places and covering itself with its tail. Under attack, the giant anteater stand up on its hind legs (like other anteaters), using its claws and tail to support itself and defends itself with its front claws.
Giant anteaters may be active during the night (noctural) or day (diurnal), depending upon their environment. If necessary, they can swim, but they seem to prefer dry land.
What does the giant anteater eat?
Obviously, an anteater eats ants, but the giant anteater also eats termites and other insects. It is well-equipped for such a limited diet, with strong limbs and claws to open ant nests and with a long, sticky tongue. Since ants are so small and have so little nutritional value, the giant anteater has to eat thousands of ants a day. It also eats termites and has been known to eat eggs and soft fruits.
How does the giant anteater reproduce?
After a pregnancy of about six months, the female giant anteater gives birth to a single baby, which typically stays with her until she becomes pregnant again. The baby giant anteater spends much of its time riding on its mother's back.
Do you want to learn more?
I consulted Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia, volume 13, for this article. You can, of course, find information about giant anteaters at Wikipedia ( here ). You can find my article on the much smaller silky anteater here
an index page to my articles on animals here . The giant anteater is celebrated and documented at The Online Anteater: Giant anteater information, pictures, links, and more ( here ).
Published by Michael Segers
I'm old enough to know better, but too young to admit it.  I've been a teacher, owner of a sandwich shop, collector of neckties, acupuncture student. Now I get bossed around by my parrot and rejoice that I d...   View profile
