The baby salamander will eat his own eggshell and lives the first week of micro-organisms called 'infuus' that lives in water.
Source: http://www.chacha.com/question/what-do-baby-salamanders-eat
More Answers to "What do baby salamanders eat"
What do baby salamanders eat?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080513133302AAFdm5L
Most likely they eat some plants that grow in water. Or if that doesn't work most pet stores sell food for them. Even if that doesn't work I suggest giving them tadpole food. Th only places that sells tadpole food where I like is Petco and ...
How do salamanders eat?
They suck the food in threw their Anis.
How do salamanders get food?
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080517191732AA6NjvZ
As the nymphs grow, and eventually develop lungs, the feathery gills slowly fade. When they have grown into their recognizable salamander form they leave the water and move onto the land where they eat a variety of small insects and other i...
Related Questions Answered on Y!Answers
What do baby Salamanders eat? I have Four mudpuppies.?
Q: they are wild not from a store.
A: In the wild they eat aquatic insects, crawdads, and fish.They also love earthworms.Are you sure you have mudpuppies, and not the aquatic larva of another species, such as tiger salamanders?Be careful at feeding time, make sure everyone gets their fair share. If you have larval tigers, you should keep them separate, they will pick on each other quite a bit!
what do baby salamanders eat?
Q: i am talking about the really tiny kind that you would find in your garden or backyard
A: Most likely they eat some plants that grow in water. Or if that doesn't work most pet stores sell food for them. Even if that doesn't work I suggest giving them tadpole food. Th only places that sells tadpole food where I like is Petco and they only have one kind. But what I found out with my little tadpoles (not salamanders) is the alge that floats at the bottom of ponds.(From what I hear baby salamanders eat what tadpoles will eat)I hope I helped good luck.
what does baby salamanders eat?
Q:
A: most wont eat pellets so dont waste your money. here's a good food chart http://caudata.org/cc/articles/foods2.shtml, what species of salamander is it, if u dont know how to feed it im guessing the housing and set-up are probably gonna not be spot on either
