Aardvark (Earth Pig, Ant Bear)
Unlike any animal on Earth
Order: Tubulidentata
Genus & Species: Orycteropus afer
APPEARANCE
The aardvark is perhaps Africa's most unusual animal. It's name means    "earth pig" and yet is not even related to the pigs. The body is bulky and    the back is humped, somewhat resembling that of a rodent with much less    hair. The head is long and narrow, like that of an anteater, and ends in a    pig-like snout. The ears are very long, like those of a rabbit, and can move    independently of one another. The mouth contains 20 teeth situated near    the back of the jaws. The teeth themselves are remarkable in that they    continuously grow and yet lack both roots and enamel. Fine tubes radiate    through each tooth; Tubulidentata means "the tube-toothed". The mouth    contains another unusual feature: the long tongue. Somewhat like that of an    anteater, the tongue is 1.5 ft (45 cm) in length, thin, and sticky. It is perfect    for slipping between holes in termite nests and lapping up the insects.
The legs are short and powerful and end in webbed toes, four on each of the    front feet and five on each of the hind feet. The toes end in long blunt claws    excellent for digging burrows in the ground or holes in termite nests. The    claws are stronger than the head of a pick-axe.
Aardvarks grow to body lengths of 3-5 ft (90-150 cm). The thick, hairless,    rat-like tail grows to lengths of 1.5-2 ft (45-60 cm) and is used for defense.    The shoulder height is 2 ft (60 cm). Aardvarks weigh 100-170 lbs (45-77 kg).    Aardvarks are covered with a thick pink-grey skin that protects them from    insect bites. The body is sparsely covered with bristly hairs a yellowish- or    brownish-grey in colour. The leg hairs are darker than the body hairs. Long    white hairs 1-2 in (2.5-5 cm) long grow from the nostrils. These hairs,    combined with folds of skin that cover the nostrils when the animal is    digging, protects the nose from dirt clogs and insect attacks.
Aardvarks are powerful diggers. They can stand on their hind feet for short    periods of time by resting on the base of their tail. They are not fast    runners. Aardvarks have a life span of 10 years.
HABITAT
Aardvarks are found throughout Africa. They can be found from Egypt and    Ethiopia south to the Cape of Good Hope, but are mainly found in the    sub-Saharan areas. They prefer open woodlands, grasslands, and savannas    with soft or sandy soils. They are plentiful wherever termites are found.    Aardvarks are nocturnal, sleeping in temporary burrows during the day.    They live solitary lives, getting together only to mate. They dig their own    shelters, but sometimes will take over old termite nests. Their burrows are    10 ft (3 m) long and end in a sleeping chamber. Breeding burrows are more    permanent and longer — up to 40 ft (12 m). Abandoned burrows are taken    over by aardwolves, crocodiles, pythons, porcupines, or various other small    mammals and even birds.
FOOD
Aardvarks feed primarily on termites during the dry season and soft-bodies    ants in the rainy season. They will travel long distances at night to locate    food. When a termite nest is found, the aardvark will dig a small hole in its    side and lap up the insects with its tongue. It will feed from the same nest    for several nights. When food is scarce, aardvarks will feed upon other    soft-bodies insects, small mammals, and fruit. In the zoo they are fed milk,    eggs, ground meat, and pablum.
ENEMIES
Aardvarks have several natural enemies, including: dogs, pythons, cheetahs,    leopards, lions, and ratels. Warthogs will eat the young. To protect    themselves against such enemies, they have several lines of defense. They    can run, dig a hole and hide in it, or defend themselves with their tail and    long claws. Man is their worst enemy, killing them for food, their tough    hide, or to be used as good luck charms. They are vulnerable to crop    farming.
Aardvarks are not presently considered to be threatened.
BREEDING
Little is known about the breeding habits of the aardvark. One, rarely two,    young is born in October or November after a 7 month gestation period.    The young weighs 4-5 lbs at birth. It stays in the burrow for 2 weeks, after    which it goes with its mother on nightly feeding trips. After 6 months it can    dig its own burrow and leaves its mother shortly thereafter.
RELATIVES
The aardvark has no known relatives, and is the only species in its order.
RESOURCES CITED
1. "Aardvark" Funk & Wagnall's Wildlife Encyclopedia, pg 3 Vol 1, 1974,    USA, BPC Pub Ltd
2. "Aardvark" Wildlife Fact File, IM Pub, USA
3. www.geobop.com/Mammals/Tubulidentata/6.htm
