2/28/2012 1 Check-in Here ROTD 6/15/2012
I think the Aardvark was taken from Deep Ellum in Dallas and thrown into Ft Worth by some benevolent Texas Twister. Why do I say that you ask? Well the Ft Worth nightlife differs greatly from Dallas: there is ample parking; most of which is free, the crowds are more laid back, and it is generally slight more upscale across the board.
The Aardvark lacks all these things. There is maybe 10 spots in its lot which have been permanently occupied since the Clinton Administration. You can't park in the open lots of other businesses near by because they have Nazi towing companies that attack out of place cars like a dog on a t-bone. You are forced to park on a street in a neighborhood and walk half a mile to get there.
The crowd of when I have gone has largely been laid back, but there was an awesome fist-fight between the doorman and a patron. It was hilarious because the patron got his nose bloodied and his jeans ripped off of him. There literally was a busted faced man, who was pants-less (no undies either) on the curb outside. People took pictures and laughed, I did too. They probably fought because the $8 cover was cash only....once again its 2012 and nothing should be cash only unless its the front for a mob boss.
It definitely wasn't upscale, there is almost no signage to see from the road and there were just random tables and chairs and one punching game. The drinks were okay at best but the service was surprising fast for how many people were there. I was very generous that night with buying drinks and range up a $70 tab but it was fair for what all I bought.
The positives were that other than the fight, everyone was fun and put up with the drunken childish antics of my friends with a smile and some joined us. The sound was pretty decent and not deafening like most small venues.
Overall: If you want a dive bar in Deep Ellum but that is actually located in Ft Worth, this is your place. If you can get over possibly having the worst TCU has to offer, the parking nightmare, and the fact its a dive-bar, you can actually have a really good time. Go if a band you like is playing there, but if you want live music and drinks, there are TONS of other better places in Ft Worth.
Was this review …?
