Tomatoes are in the sauce.
plant
The sauce also contains herbs, and herbs are plants.
 
Fifth Grade - Science - Lesson 21 - Divisions Within Kingdoms
 
Objectives
Use progressively specific classification data to select a predetermined animal.
Identify the use of a classification system as a means of grouping living organisms into categories.
Recognize that as the classification system subdivides, animals within the categories become increasingly alike.
 
Chart or transparency made of the classification system (attached)
One copy for each student of the attached list of animals entitled "List Number One"
One copy for each cooperative group of the attached list of animals entitled "List Number Two"
 
Suggested Books
Student Reference
Diagram Group. Comparisons. New York: St. Martins, 1980. This book compares different animals, plants and objects and would be useful in getting students to notice differences that allow scientists to classify.
Macmillan Illustrated Animal Encyclopedia. New York: Macmillan Publishing Company, 1991. Mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish are covered in this book, which gives a drawing of each animal, its scientific name and facts about it. Characteristics common to certain animal families, such as the hummingbird, deer and bear families, are also described.
Rauson, Mark. Feet, Flippers, Hooves and Hands. New York: Lothrop, 1994. Animals' feet and hands are examined as a way of classifying them in this book.
Troll's Student Handbook. Mahwah, NJ: Troll Associates, 1992. This book contains a brief history and description of the classification system on page 46.
Walters, Martin. The Simon & Schuster Young Readers' Book of Animals. New York: Simon & Schuster, Inc., 1990. This book does an outstanding job of explaining the classification system, and includes many tables and charts to help students grasp this concept. The animals described are then grouped into vertebrates and invertebrates, and the author moves through both of these groups by beginning with the simplest animals, then moving through the most complex.
Teacher Resource
"Animal Classification." Teacher's Helper, April/May/June 1996, 31-44. This section of the periodical contains excellent background information on the classification system as well as mini-experiments students can perform and ideas for further research.
 
Web Site
http://www.bev.net/education/SeaWorld/animal_bytes/animal_bytes.html This is a web page produced by Sea World that lists various animals and gives their classification information, as well as interesting facts about each.
 
Teacher Background
In this lesson, students are exposed to the various subdivisions within kingdoms. After listening to a comparison of the classification system to geographic location, they participate as a class in a game that asks them to listen carefully as you describe classification facts about a "mystery animal." The first time the game is played, you will guide them as the classification facts become increasingly more specific and narrow the field of possible mystery animals. After the last classification fact is given, students are asked if they can guess the identity of the mystery animal. The next time the game is played, students are put into cooperative teams and, with less teacher guidance, are given another set of increasingly revealing classification clues about the identity of the mystery animal. This second set of clues may be given orally by the teacher, as described in the lesson, or may be put into writing on a chart, overhead or ditto and given to each cooperative group to use with no teacher guidance. After the last clue has been given, teams are asked to identify what they think is the mystery animal. You may consider rewarding the teams who correctly identify the mystery animal with some small prize. Note that the lists for the rounds of the game are printed twice on the same sheet of paper in this lesson; this has been done for conservation purposes. You can copy the lists and then cut them apart so that each list does not use a whole sheet of paper.
In the last science lesson, students were given a graphic organizer containing information on the various kingdoms of living things. It was suggested that you quiz the students on this information. If you opt to do this, give the quiz before starting the procedure in today's lesson.
See the Teacher Background in Lesson 19 for a description of students' previous experience with classification.
It should be noted that this lesson may run over the typical time allotted for Science, and you should teach it, or aspects of it, as time allows and as your experience deems necessary.
Procedure
Begin today's lesson by asking students: What is the name, discussed in the last science class, of the large groupings of living organisms? (kingdoms) Ask: What were the five kingdoms of living things? (animal, plant, fungus, protist, moneran) Remind students that the reasons why scientists classify living organisms include that it helps keep order, allows scientists to label and identify new organisms, and makes talking about and studying organisms easier. Tell students that this being the case, if one scientist wanted to speak with another scientist about a living organism he or she was studying, he or she might begin by describing it as an "animal." Ask: What else might the scientist want to say about the animal he or she is studying? (what type of animal it is, what characteristics it has, etc.) Tell students that the classification of "animal" is very broad, just as the grouping of kingdom is the largest grouping in the classification system. Tell students that in today's lesson, they will learn how scientists have divided kingdoms into smaller groups. These smaller groups allow scientists to describe living things in much more detail.
Display "The Classification System" table on the overhead and tell students that the category of "animal kingdom" could be compared to the answer of "Earth" if someone were to ask where your school was located. "Earth" would not tell them very much, would it? If you wanted to be a little more specific, you could say that you went to school in the western hemisphere, as the Earth has been divided into hemispheres. Hemispheres are like the groupings of phyla (singular is phylum) within kingdoms. For example, the plant kingdom has ten phyla. Ask: How could you be just a little more specific than "western hemisphere" about the location of your school? (You could name the continent.) Just as there are continents within each of the hemispheres, each of the phylum contain further subdivisions called classes. So, the kingdoms are like the planets, the phyla are like hemispheres, the classes are like continents. Ask: What would be the next largest division of geography, contained within continents? (countries) Continents have been divided into countries as classes have been divided into orders. Tell students that they are now more specific than they were when they began to answer the question regarding where they go to school--the United States is more specific than Earth--but it is not specific enough. Ask: How is our country divided? (into states) Tell students that states are like the classification called family. Countries are broken into states the way that orders are broken into families. (They may need some clarification so that they do not assume "family" in this context means the same as the more familiar sense of the word.) So, now the person who asked the question, "Where is your school located?" now knows it is in the state of Maryland. Ask: What would you tell him or her next without giving away exactly where the school can be found? (the city, Baltimore) A family has genuses in the same way that a state has cities. Finally, if you wanted to be as specific as you could about the location of your school, what would you say? (its address) 56 East 39th Street (insert the address of your school instead of this given one) is the same as saying the species of a living organism. Genuses contain many species the way that cities contain many addresses on streets. Point out the mnemonic device at the bottom of the transparency and if you wish, require students to memorize it.
Leave the transparency of the classification system on display, and tell students that they will now be playing a game, with your guidance, called "Mystery Animal." Pass out copies of List Number One and tell students that you will be giving them a series of clues that will slowly eliminate some of the animals on the list. By the time you get to the last clue, students should have only a few animals left, and can then make an educated guess about the identity of the mystery animal. Explain to students that in the first round of the game, you will be guiding them so that they understand how the game is played. In the second round, you will not be providing the same amount of help, but students will be working on teams. They should listen carefully in the first round, because some of the round one clues will help, if they remember them, in the second round.
Before the first clue is given, tell students that the clues will consist of names from the classification system. Explain that you will begin with the kingdom of the mystery animal, and work your way down, becoming more specific, until you have given the species of the mystery animal, which will be the last clue. Most of the classification categories will sound strange or unfamiliar, and that is because they are in Latin, or made to sound as if they are Latin. Tell students that the man who invented the classification system, Carl von Linne, did so in the 1750s. At this time, Latin was still considered to be the preferred scientific language. If time permits, ask: What do you think this has to do with the Renaissance? (During the rebirth of learning, ancient Roman and Greek classics, which were either in Latin or Greek or translated into Latin or Greek, were studied. Latin became the language people used when they were referring to scientific data.) The Latin names allow scientists around the world to understand each other. The names also ensure that they are using the same names for the same animals or other living things. As students listen to the Latin names of the categories, they should be able to pick up, for some of them, clues as to what the name could mean.
Tell students that the first clue about the identity of the mystery creature is that it is in the animal kingdom. Ask: Does this allow you to eliminate any of the living things from the list? (no) Ask: Why not? (All of the organisms on the list are animals.)
Tell students that their next clue is the phylum of the animal. Its phylum is Chordata, which includes all of the animals with backbones, vertebrates. (Remind students that they should try to remember what some of these classification names indicate so that in round two of the game, they have an advantage.) Ask: What animal does this allow you to cross off the list? (jellyfish)
After the classification of phylum, of which there are at least twenty within the animal kingdom, comes the next specific category of animal, the class. Members of a class have more in common with one another than do members of a phylum. The class of the mystery animal is Mammalia. Ask: What word do you hear inside of the word "Mammalia" that gives you a clue about its meaning? (mammal) Indeed, the Mammalia class is mammals. Ask: What does it mean to be a mammal? (Mammals feed their young on mother's milk, are warm blooded [endothermic], have fur or hair, and breathe through lungs.) Other classes include Reptilia (reptiles) and Aves (birds). Ask: What animals can you now cross off the list, knowing that the mystery animal is a mammal? (parrot, alligator, ostrich)
Instruct students to look to the transparency of the classification system and ask: Considering that you were just told the class of the mystery animal, what is the next category you will hear? (the order of the mystery animal) Tell students that the order of the mystery animal is Carnivora. Tell students that the order of Carnivora includes animals that eat flesh. An example of another order is the order of Insectivora. Ask: What animals do you think are included in the order of Insectivora? (those that eat insects.) Ask: What animals can you now cross off the list, knowing that the mystery animal is a carnivore? (anteater, bat)
At this point in the lesson, have students take note of the trend that is occurring as the list narrows. Point out that in the beginning, all of the animals were included in the animal kingdom. Then, one of the animals was crossed out once we knew the phylum of the mystery animal, because we knew that the mystery animal was in the Chordata phylum and therefore had a backbone. All of the animals on the list at that point had backbones, but some were mammals and some were not. Once we heard the class, though, they had a smaller group of animals left who all had backbones and were mammals. Ask: Does this mean that all mammals have backbones? (yes) Why? (because mammals are a class which is a part of the phylum of chordata) Currently, they have an even smaller group of animals left on the list. Ask: What do all of these animals have in common? (All have backbones, are mammals and eat flesh; they all belong to the same kingdom, phylum, class, and order.) Do all mammals eat flesh? (no) What will happen as they continue to hear the family, genus and species of the mystery animal? (More and more animals will be crossed off the list.) As animals are crossed off the list, what can we say about the animals that are left? (They have more and more in common.)
Tell students that the next clue is that the mystery animal belongs to the Canidae family. (Write this on the board, and next to it, write "long snouts and long bushy tails.") Tell students that because the Canidae family is described this way, they need to look at the list and think about what each of the animals looks like. Ask: Based on this description of the family, what animals can be crossed off the list? (tiger, lion and leopard) Can we assume, then, that the remainder of the animals on the list are in the Canidae family? (yes) Why? (They all meet the description given.)
Next, tell students that the genus of the mystery animal is Canis. Tell students that no more information will be provided to them about the genus. Ask: Can you cross out any of the animals? (no) Why not? (You don't know another factor that would allow you to do so.) Looking at the animals left, the German shepherd, timber wolf and coyote, do you think that they all belong to the genus Canis? (Answers will vary.) Ask students to explain their predictions. It is expected that answers will be both in the affirmative, because the animals left are so similar, and in the negative, because students will expect the pattern of elimination to continue. Tell students that genuses do consist of very similar groups, but that the groups within genuses don't generally breed with one another. For example, the black-footed penguin and Galapagos penguin are both in the Spheniscus family, but don't generally interbreed. Tell students that in fact, all of the three animals left on the list do belong to the genus Canis.
Tell students their final clue is the species of the mystery animal. Members of the same species differ from all other forms of life in at least one way, and have many common characteristics with one another. Members of species breed with one another and their offspring grow up to resemble the parents. The species of the mystery animal is Lupus. This animal, like all other animals, is referred to scientifically using the genus and species names together. Therefore, the scientific name of the mystery animal is Canis lupus. Make sure that students understand that the common name, such as the one they will select, is the same creature as that indicated by the scientific name. The two names are just different ways of referring to the same animal.
Instruct students to guess which of the three animals left is the mystery animal and circle its name. Once all students have done so, ask students to stand as you say the name of the animal they have circled. First, ask for those who circled the German shepherd to stand, then those who circled the coyote. Finally, tell students that those left in their seats, who circled the timber wolf, selected the correct mystery animal. Tell students that selecting the correct mystery animal this time was a combination of luck and skill, but that next time, it will be much more skill as the names of the classification categories given will contain more clues and will test their ability to remember information told to them during round one of the game.
Put students into cooperative groups and pass out to each group a copy of List Number Two. (Leave the transparency on display for student reference.) Remind students to work with one another and listen to what everyone has to say before they cross any animal off the list and before they select the mystery animal. Tell them that sometimes clues will allow them to cross off one, two, three or even four animals, but that other times, clues will not allow them to cross out any animals.
First, ask: What kingdom does the mystery animal belong to? (animal) Are there any organisms on the list that don't belong to the animal kingdom? (no) Does knowing the kingdom then allow you to cross anything out? (no) Can you name a living thing that doesn't belong in the animal kingdom? (Students should be able to, and answers will vary.)
Next, tell students that the phylum of the mystery animal is Chordata. Encourage them to try to remember, and discuss with one another, what you said about this phylum, and then to cross out any animals that don't belong to it. (Students should cross out the snail.)
Tell students that the class of the mystery animal is Mammalia. Again, they should recall what they were told in round one of the game and cross out any animals that don't belong to this class. (Students should cross out python, turtle, penguin and parrot.)
Then, inform students that just like the mystery animal in round one, the mystery animal in this round is a carnivore and belongs to the order of Carnivora. (Students should cross out the buffalo, anteater and horse.)
Ask: What will the next clue reveal? (the family of the mystery animal) Tell students that the mystery animal is a member of the Felidae family. (Students should recall, or if you have left the information on the board, should think to use it, that the Canidae family consisted of animals that had long snouts and long, bushy tails. Based on this information, they should cross out the
fox and gray wolf, which clearly belong to the Canidae family and therefore cannot be a part of the Felidae family. You may want to cue them to think about what animals on the list don'tbelong to the Felidae family.)
Tell students that the genus of the mystery animal is Panthera. (This clue does not allow students to cross out either of the animals left on the list. Both the tiger and lion, as well as animals such as the panther and leopard, all belong to this group.)
Tell students that if they really think about the species name, the final clue, they should be able to discover the identity of the mystery animal. Its species is Leo, making its scientific name Panthera leo. (It is hoped that at least one student within each group will make the connection, based either on story names or astrology, between leo and lion.)
Ask groups to discuss the identity of the mystery animal and circle it. On the count of three, have all groups hold up their lists, and congratulate the students who selected lion. Ask them to explain how they came to the conclusion that the lion was the mystery animal.
Make sure that students understand that the other kingdoms are divided the same way. For example, within the plant kingdom, the grapefruit tree's scientific name is Citrus paradisi, and the orange tree's scientific name is Citrus sinensis. The grapefruit and orange belong to the same genus, but not the same species. Ask: What so you think are other members of this genus? (Answers will vary, but should include other citrus fruit trees.)
Summarize today's lesson by asking students what assumptions could be made if they were told that two creatures were in the same kingdom. (Not very many assumptions could be made--only that they were both animals, or plants, etc.) What assumptions could be made if you were told that two animals were both in the same genus? (The animals would be very much alike, but would not breed with one another.) What assumptions could be made if you were told that two animals were in the species? (That the animals were very much alike and were different from all other animals in at least one way. It could also be assumed that the two animals could breed, and that the offspring would look like the parents.) Thinking about the differences between animals from the phylum level all the way down to the species level, what types of characteristics does it seem that scientists use to classify animals? (Answers will vary but should include what they look like, what they eat, whether or not they have a backbone, whether they breed together or not, whether or not they nurse their young, etc.)
Suggested Follow-up Activities
Students could be given a list of common animal names and scientific animal names and asked to do research that would allow them to match the common names with the correct scientific names.
 
Students could also do further research on the classification of an animal that interests them. Once they have found out its phylum, class, order, family, genus and species, they could write this information down and draw a picture of the animal to go with it. The information and illustrations could be displayed on a bulletin board.
If the above activity is completed, students could then make a table like the one below.
 
Fifth Grade - Science - Lesson 21 - Divisions Within Kingdoms
 
The table could be posted somewhere in the room, for additions as students research more animals. Questions could be placed under the table to enrich students' understanding of the nature of the classification system. For example, one could ask: What animals are members ofthe same family, but not the same genus? How are these animals alike? How are these animals different? What other animals would you predict are also members of that genus?
 
