1/11/2012
What better way to start of 2012 than to go on an Odyssey?
Before I get into what exactly is the Odyssey and what it has to do with the Anteater Recreation Center, let me just say that the ARC is the nicest college rec center I've ever been to... I mean, a rock wall, indoor track, roller hockey rink, and test kitchens?!
FML
Anyway, Odyssey is part of the Team Up! program at UCI, which promotes "team building through different communicating, problem-solving and recreational activities." Instead of battling one-eyed monsters and resisting the charms of fatally attractive Sirens, UCI's Odyssey is a hanging ropes course that tests your ability to work with teammates to move from stage-to-stage using only ropes, harnesses, and your own man-strength while hanging 50-feet above the ground.
For my group, the Odyssey was the midpoint of a long bachelor party weekend. Prior to starting the course I had known some of the guys for only a few hours- some of them I'd actually just met! You'd think that traversing a 360-foot long ropes course with no prior ropes experience and people you barely even know would not bode well for the task at hand... Not so when you have an expert guide to lead the way!
Before the ropes course portion of the Odyssey, there are ground level team building activities, which I unfortunately missed due to GETTING LOST ON THE UCI CAMPUS. I got to the Odyssey right in time for the ropes course, and imagine my surprise when I discover that our fearless leader is none other than Drew M., a Yelp Elite! I knew immediately that my life was in good hands.
True to his Elite status, Drew M. went through all of the safety information with patience, candor, and of course, a lot of humor. Who'd think that doing a body roll would help you recover from hanging in mid-air from your harness?
The actual ropes course varied in challenge at different points in the course, but it did convince me of one thing- I need to start doing yoga. Turns out that balance is PRETTY KEY when all you've got to support yourself is the rope, your harness, some wooden platforms from time to time, and the people around you. As mentioned earlier, each section of the Odyssey tests your problem solving skills and team work- while frustrating at times, the course is very doable, and a true testament to "slow and steady wins the race..."
It may take you a few hours to get through the course, but you'll get there!
At the end of the course you get to exit in style by sliding down a 120 foot zip line- a lot of fun, especially when you're trying to do yoga poses on the way down!
Afterward, we celebrated our newfound camaraderie and the satisfaction of an Odyssey completed the only way a group of 20-something males on a bachelor party should...
A meat bingefest at Cham Sut Gol in Garden Grove!
A big thanks goes out to Drew M. and the other Odyssey guide Meg R. You guys rock!
Was this review …?
