Olympics
 
If you are a fan of Wimbledon, its trivia will hold great importance for you. Read on to explore interesting facts of Wimbledon Tennis Championship.
Tennis » Wimbledon » Wimbledon Trivia
Wimbledon Trivia
Wimbledon is one of the most esteemed tournaments in the arena of international tennis. It is held every year, in the month of June-July, at the All Engalnd's club, in the London suburb of Wimbledon. From its conception and to the present times, the Wimbledon Championship has covered a long journey. It is now one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments held every year. With 132 years of its existence, Wimbledon has also become the oldest international tennis tournament. In a century of its survival, it has gathered astonishing records and interesting facts. We have discussed some of these trivia and interesting Wimbledon facts below. Read on to explore more about it.
Interesting Facts Of Wimbledon Tennis Tournament
Wimbledon began in the year 1877, at the All England Club, in the London suburb of Wimbledon.
Wimbledon starts on the Monday falling between 20 and 26 June, which is six weeks before the first Monday in August.
Wimbledon started as only Gentlemen's Single Championship, in which only 22 players       participated.
There were only 200 spectators in the first Wimbledon tournament and the tickets were sold for one       shilling each, in the final match.
Wimbledon is the       only Grand Slam that is played on grass courts.
Wimbledon has been       interrupted twice till date, once in 1915-18 and then in 1940-45, due to       World War I and World War II respectively.
Ladies Single Championship and Gentlemen's Double       were introduced in Wimbledon in 1884.
The winner of first Wimbledon Gentlemen's Single was Spencer       Gore, an old Harrovian rackets player.
The first winner of Ladies Single Championship was Maud       Watson, who defeated her opponent L. Watson, in straight sets of 6-8, 6-3,       6-3.
The winners of first Wimbledon Gentlemen's Double       were J.E. Renshaw and W.C. Renshaw.
Except for the Gentlemen's Single and Gentlemen's Double,       all the other Wimbledon events are played       on the rule of best of three sets. These two events are played as per best       of five sets.
The Ladies' Double and Mixed Double Tournament was       introduced in Wimbledon in 1913.
The winners of first Wimbledon Ladies' Double were       Winifred McNair and Dora Boothby.
The winners of first Wimbledon Mixed Double were Hope       Crisp and Agnes Tuckey.
Martina Navratilova has won Wimbledon Women Singles       maximum numbers of time i.e. 9 times. She also shares a record of winning 20       Wimbledon titles, an all-time record,       with Billie Jean King.
Martina Hingis became the youngest player to win a Wimbledon title, at the age of 15 years, 282 days,       by winning doubles championship in 1996.
Willie Renshaw and Pete Sampras hold the record of       winning the Wimbledon Men Singles a maximum of 7 times.
Willie Renshaw also holds the record of winning Wimbledon       Men Single's title six consecutive times, from 1881-86.
Wimbledon logo consists       of green and purple color circular symbols, with two rackets crossed over them.
The Ladies' Single Trophy of Wimbledon is called       'Rosewater Dish' or 'Venus Rosewater Dish'.
