2002-2004 b
 
If you can help fill the gaps or correct errors in these records please contact me!
Background
The extraordinary rise and      fall of Wimbledon has few parallels in the history of football. Formed      in 1889 as Wimbledon Old Centrals, they adopted the name of Wimbledon      FC in 1905. The club played on Wimbledon Common until 1912 when they moved      into Plough Lane, their home for the next 75 years. Seven years later      they joined the Athenian League, moving up to the Isthmian League in 1921.
The club adopted blue and white in 1923 (the colours worn in the years after the Great War have not been confirmed and are based on their previous choice of green and white). The
crest adopted at the time was based on the coat of arms of the Borough of Wimbledon, featuring a double headed eagle. This is a reference to a legend that Julius Caesar once made camp on Wimbledon Common. This crest was dropped sometime in the late-1950s but reappeared between 1970 and 1974.
Wimbledon became one of the leading amateur clubs      in the country, winning the Isthmian League eight times. After winning      the prestigious FA Amateur Cup in 1963, the club turned semi-professional      and joined the Southern League.
In 1977, following epic FA Cup battles that included      taking mighty Leeds to a replay, the Dons were elected to the Football      League, adopting an all-white kit to mark the occasion. A revised crest was adopted that appeared in blue and white until 1981, when a yellow and blue version was introduced, enhanced with the name of the club underneath.
After a modest      first season, the club were promoted and relegated four times in succession.      In 1983 they began a remarkable run that took them all the way to the      First Division in 1986. The upstart club, dubbed the "Crazy Gang," defied critics by finishing in sixth position in 1987 and then, against      all the odds, beat Liverpool to win the FA Cup in 1988. Their tactics      of playing long balls to their fast strikers combined with the uncompromisingly      physical defence of Vinnie Jones and John "Fash the Bash" Fashanu      won few friends but confounded many more purist sides.
Within days of their FA Cup triumph, the club announced      plans to leave their cramped Plough Lane ground to move into a new stadium      in their native borough of Merton. These plans came to nothing: with Plough      Lane unsuitable for redevelopment, the club sold it off and moved into      Selhurst Park with Crystal Palace in 1991. Remarkably, despite limited      resources and modest attendances, the Dons continued to thrive, finishing      in the top nine between 1994 and 1997, when they also reached the semi-finals      of both the League and FA Cups. A move to Dublin was floated but was dropped      when the FA and UEFA pointed out that the club could not continue to play      in the Premier League if they were based in the Republic of Ireland. This      marked the beginning of the breakdown of the relationship between the      club and its local fan base.
In 1999, the club's colourful owner Sam Hammam      sold Wimbledon to a Norwegian consortium who installed Egil Olsen as manager.      The new owners were looking for a return on their investment and were      not prepared to pump money in merely for prestige. On the last day of      the 1999-2000 season, Wimbledon finally succumbed to relegation. Despite      fears that the club would go into free-fall, they narrowly missed out      on a play-off place in the next two seasons.
Meanwhile, however, the search for a permanent      home resulted in a decision to move the club to Milton Keynes. The majority      of Dons fans, alienated by the attitude of the club's owners, formed their      own club, AFC Wimbledon in 2002. While the reviled "Franchise FC" club played out its final games at Selhurst Park in front of fewer than      3,000 spectators, the fans' club was regularly attracting larger gates      despite playing at
the base of the pyramid.
In August 2002 the Royal College of Arms wrote to the club to raise objections to their use of the double-headed eagle crest. In the view of the college, the device had been granted to the London Borough of Merton and its use by the football club was unlawful. A new club crest was commissioned and in April 2003 this received the endorsement of the remaining season ticket holders. The club's website announced the new design "as part of a new identity (that) takes the Club's identity forward as it embarks on a new and exciting future in Milton Keynes." The following season, however, the 2002-03 strips were retained complete with the old crest, which also re-appeared on the official website.
In September 2003, Wimbledon moved into the National      Hockey Stadium in Milton Keynes, despite having gone into administration,      owing over £20m. Six months later a local consortium led by Peter      Winkleman bought the club and saved it from liquidation. Stranded at the      bottom of Nationwide Division One, the decision did not save the Dons      from relegation. The following year, Winkleman announced that the club      was to be renamed Milton Keynes Dons and adopt a new badge and colours.      All ties with the old club were effectively severed.
While Milton Keynes Dons struggled, AFC Wimbledon continued to thrive in south-west London and in 2005 fans mounted a legal claim to become the true inheritors of Wimbledon FC's      history. This action was settled in August 2006, when it was agreed that      the "physical patrimony" (lawyer-speak for ephemera      such as photographs, programmes etc) would be passed to the London Borough      of Merton while MK Dons gave up all claims to the honours won by Wimbledon FC.
Sources
