Rafael Nadal loses to 100 ranked Czech player Lukas Rosol in 2nd round.
Wimbledon ticket information
Early shots at Wimbledon tickets traditionally become available for the general public in the UK by 'public ballot', a lottery system in which fans can apply to 'win' a place at the stadium by submitting an entry form at the wimbledon.org available from August to mid-December of the previous year.
Otherwise, stadium visitors can also try their luck in the queue each day to vie for tickets on sale at the box office where prices range from £35 for the 'nosebleeds' to £110 for centre court seats at the final. More popular with the US and other overseas visitors are the Wimbledon ticket packages, featuring all-inclusive deals with hotel rooms and even airfare thrown into the mix.
also see in Travel -> London Underground Tube Maps & Directions
More about Wimbledon around the Web
On the Web, check out highlights, photo galleries, video clips, player profiles, updated scores and assorted Wimbledon fun facts & trivia, along with traditional Wimbledon party recipes to celebrate the occasion.
Wimbledon.org - Check out the  official site with the latest headlines, video, feature                  stories, photos, plus ticket information & prices for ticket packages and accommodations,                   visitor and museum info, directions for getting there, along with Wimbledon                history, records and stats.
BBC SPORT | Tennis - The Beeb Online as only they can do it, with reports from center court at Wimbledon, player profiles, video clips, photo galleries and the television schedule for BBC 1 and BBC 2.
BBC Sport Academy | Wimbledon - Discover a 'you-are-there' mini-tutorial on taking your game to Wimbledon, plus descriptions of playing conditions, interesting facts and focus on British tennis champs.
ATPtennis.com - The official site for men's professional tennis with video & audio reports from Wimbledon, scores, standings, feature stories & interactive head-to-head comparisons.
WTATour.com - The official site of women's professional tennis featuring Wimbledon player profiles, rankings, feature stories, a photo gallery plus a FanZone with an online shop, free wallpaper and related downloads.
Guardian Unlimited Sport | Tennis - All the latest news and commentary from Wimbledon Stadium. Keep up to date with the most recent headlines  on who's in and who's out.
ABC Sport - Tennis - The Australian Broadcasting Company offering up the latest Wimbledon news, scores, feature stories, photos, audio files and reports from Agence France-Presse, Reuters, CNN and the BBC.
Wimbledon - Wikipedia - The free online encyclopedia with historical color commentary and info on men's and women's singles and doubles  champions from 1913 to the present.
Wimbledon party ideas and recipes:
How to Throw a Wimbledon Party - Check out the complete menu, along with ideas for invitations, planning and decorating
Wimbledon Cup Recipe - Get happy with the traditional Pimm's, gin, cream and mandarin juice cocktail to celebrate the day. And for you Yanks, translate 'double cream' to heavy cream.
Poached Salmon with Cucumber-Dill Sauce - Another traditional recipe  at Wimbledon, washed down by at least a bucket of strawberries and ice cream.
 
