> Click to enlarge
Company Description
Wimbledon Greyhound Stadium is one of the capital's most exciting and interesting nights out. It also boasts a BRAND NEW Grandstand and restaurant for you to enjoy the action. Set around an illuminated racing track, the stadium offers a night out that every one will enjoy, from our fabulous glass-fronted Restaurant to our Trackside bars and fast food area.
Even if you've never been greyhound racing before, you'll soon get the hang of it as the crowd rise to their feet to cheer their favourite dog pass the winning line. There's racing about every 15 minutes during the evening and if you fancy a flutter our Tote betting team are available through-out the stadium to oblige.
Whether you choose to dine in our restaurant, or party trackside - you will have a fantastic evening to remember!
6-Pack Party Deal
For just £12 per person we think there is no better value night out in London than booking a Trackside 6 Pack at Wimbledon Stadium.This inclusive package worth £24 is ideal for Birthday Parties, Works Nights Out or just for a fun and different lads or girl’s night out. Click here to find out more.
Experience Quality Wining and Dining in our Grandstand Restaurant. A night at the dogs dining in our new 250 seater Grandstand Restaurant at London Wimbledon Stadium has all of the ingredients required for a unique dining experience for you, your friends or business colleagues.
The new stylish glass fronted restaurant at Wimbledon offers stunning views of the racing action. Diners can enjoy a delicious freshly prepared three course meal from our International menu, a selection of fine wines and champagnes plus live non-stop greyhound racing action throughout the evening.
Capture the Action Trackside. You’ll love a night at the dogs at Wimbledon Greyhound Stadium its the “in “place to go whatever your age or gender and is one of South West London's most popular spectator events.
With over 3 hours of non-stop entertainment you can get close up to the racing action in the Trackside area of the stadium .Experience the unique, heart-stopping thrill as the greyhounds live up to their reputation as the second fastest animal in the world . At top speed greyhounds will be racing at over 30 miles an hour around the track.
Corporate Events. Wimbledon Greyhound Stadium continues to be one of the most interesting, different and action-packed Corporate Event and Hospitality venues to feature on companies checklists in the capital and surrounding areas.
You and your corporate guests can enjoy three hours of exciting evening greyhound racing action from the comfort of your table in our newly re-furbished modern Grandstand Restaurant with it's stunning panoramic views overlooking the track.
Race Nights & Times. We race 2 nights a week, every week on Friday and Saturday evening. The doors open at 6:30pm and the first race is 7:30pm. The last race of the evening is approximately 10:30pm.
View our additional profiles:
