Pros:Great Tennis, Intimate Stadiums, Good Food Reasonably Priced and Great Tradition
Cons:Very Expensive - more so than the other Grand Slams, super tight seating Center Court
The Bottom Line: It's a great event filled with grand tradition.  All serious tennis fans should experience it, if possible.
Wimbledon is the grandest of the Grand Slam events.  It is the oldest and the most entrenched in tradition and pageantry.  It has recently made concessions and changes to its physical facilities and format for modern times.  None of these seem to have hurt the Wimbledon tradition.  It is still the Wonderful Wimbledon event.  And getting tickets is more difficult than ever.
They changed the tennis ball from the traditional white to optical yellow to make it easier to see on television.  They do not start the main/featured matches on Center Court and Court #1 until 2 PM during the early rounds (first week).  This, too is a concession to American TV audiences - 9 AM EDT!  The outer court play starts at Noon.  They rebuilt Center Court to add capacity and to meet safety regulations.  Yet, they were faithful to the feel and ambiance of the old Center Court.  It is still intimate with no bad seats anywhere in the stadium.  The old Center Court had some bad seat because of the posts.  I am not certain but I believe I heard the seating capacity is only 6,000.  It is relatively small and quite intimate - like the French and Australian Open main courts.  Court #1 is bigger and it remains quite intimate with no bad seats there, either.  Both these courts are housed in their own stadium building.  The ushers are all military service people on temporary assignment.  All the services, the RAF, Royal Navy and Army are present and in uniform.  They are all competent and friendly.
The Wimbledon grounds are beautifully maintained and while it is compact and crowded, it is more splendid and refined than all the other Grand Slam sites.  The two new courts also feature Debenture Lounges that serve decent food at reasonable prices and overlook the remote courts.  You can buy a nice lunch or drinks and sit and enjoy the action on about 3 courts they overlook.  It's a nice way to have lunch.  There are benches covered by flower-laden trellises for folks to sit and relax and eat lunch or their strawberries and cream in the public areas away from the courts.  The Wimbledon Museum is really interesting and well worth the visit.
There is a viewing area for fans on the side of a hill just outside Court #1 with a big jumbo-tron type of TV showing the featured match on Center Court or Court #1.  When Henman or any other Brit is playing, this hillside is covered with spectators that do not hold tickets for the main courts.  It's a nice feature.
Another great thing they do that benefits the common folks - if you are leaving your reserved seats early and not returning, they have boxes where you leave your ticket and it will be given to others standing in line without tickets so the seat is not wasted.
Wimbledon is the least commercialized of all the Grand Slam events.  There are no vendor booths by the manufacturers selling equipment or clothing, there are no advertising signs on the courts, no indications that it is all about money.  This place is for tennis!  It's more like visiting a private tennis club, which, in reality, it really is.  The lack of vendors and commercialism makes for a nice event.
There are the typical T-shirts, clothing, equipment and souvenirs offered for sale.  There are actually three "vendors" to choose from.  There is the official Wimbledon, Wimbledon Museum and the All England Lawn Tennis Association.  The official Wimbledon T-shirt sells for 22 Pounds Sterling - about $35 U.S., so it is not tremendously overpriced over the other Grand Slam event vendors.
Not all is wonderful in Camelot, however.  The seating in Center Court is extremely tight - only 15" wide seats.   This is truly "cheek to cheek" seating as there are no arm rests to separate or contain the individuals in the adjoining seats.  It is a molded plastic seat with integrated seat back.  It's comfortable enough if you're skinny.  I got stuck with a large lady next to me on one side and if I were to reach into my pant pocket, I could be accused of sexual harassment.  She also had the bad habit (and manners) to be foot tapper which grew tiring since our thighs were touching.  The seat width in Court #1 was a little better but still tight. I did not measure it but at least my thighs were not in constant contact with the person next to me.  And, the plastic molded seats here were a little more comfortable and had a metal/plastic partial armrest.  The knee space on both courts was adequate.
And, physically getting to Wimbledon is an arduous task.  It takes 1.5 hrs. by hired car with an experienced commercial driver to thread their way through the winding, narrow, neighborhood streets.  There is no quick way to get there short of taking a helicopter.  If you take the subway, the nearest Tube stop, Southfield Station is about 2 miles short of Wimbledon.  You can walk it or take a crowded shuttle bus that must thread its way through narrow, windy streets to the Wimbledon grounds.  Wimbledon was a small, private club surrounded by residential housing in a suburb of London when it started.  As it grew in fame, size and fortune, they could not extend the subway and widening the streets for an annual event was not economically feasible.  This is where Paris, New York and Melbourne outshine Wimbledon in the ease of getting the public to/from the grounds to mass transit.
And, of course, Wimbledon and U.K. is expensive.  Airfare, lodging, tickets, dining - all are super expensive because of the 1.6X negative exchange rate and the 17% V.A.T. tax take their toll on your budget.  However, getting tickets is the real trick.  The only way we were able to go is to buy a packaged tour from a U.S. tour company, Steve Furgal's International Tennis Tours.  We've used them for all the other events and have been very happy with their service and arrangements.  But, for the general population and tourists there is no easy way to get tickets, even for the early rounds.  They do hold 500 tickets per day for general sale.  There is a line outside the grounds fence that stretches for about a mile that starts to form at about Noon the day before.  They bring their tents and sleeping bags and camp out in line and is only for the young and die-hard fans.
Tickets for Center Court and Court #1 are all reserved seats.  This allows you to roam the entire grounds including the 20 remote courts.  There is also a Grounds Pass that allows the holder access to all except the reserved seating in Center and #1 Courts.
As mentioned, the food is very good and fresh and reasonably priced.  These are all operated by Wimbledon - no outside vendors.  There are sandwich, pizza, Asian Stir Fry, ice cream and wine/beer stalls in addition to the Debenture Lounges.  The strawberries & cream are a wonderful tradition and really very good.  A small cup costs 1.80 Pounds Sterling.
The Debenture Lounges in Center Court and Court #1 are restricted to those holding a separate pass for entry.  These are really V.I.P. lounges and really quite comfortable.  The food here is a step up from the food stalls and is quite elegant.  Again, the food and wine prices were quite reasonable.
Wimbledon is a great experience, one I would recommend to any serious tennis fan.  Now that we have done it, however, would I go back?  Probably not, unless I were able to get tickets at face value via the public drawing.  I think every tennis fan should do it but it is so expensive that one must question the value received for the experience.
We have now been to all of the Grand Slams.  This was our Spectator's Grand Slam, so to speak.  I would have to rate the French Open as our favorite Grand Slam event followed closely by the Australian Open.  The French Open has the City of Paris that tips the scale in it's favor.  The Australian Open has a better facility and extremely friendly people but Melbourne is no match to Paris.  And, because of the retractable roof, main events are never rained-out.   Wimbledon rates third because of its expense, tight seating and difficulty in getting to/from the grounds.  If it does rain, however, like all the Open events except the Australian, you will be rained-out and your ticket for the day is wasted.  However, to view the crew bring out the rain tent on Center Court is worth the price of admission, alone.  They actually cover the ground in about 15 seconds and about another 4 minutes to complete the erection of the tent and secure it completely to totally protect the court.  The U.S. Open falls in last place by considerable distance.  It's huge stadium makes it a joke for spectators.  You're better off watching it on TV unless you can afford the expensive seats down low.  And, it's terribly commercial.  But the graft of the ushers is the lowest point.  Bribing the ushers gets you a better seat when the stadium is not filled to capacity.
If anyone has questions or concerns, you can e-mail me at [askquon@yahoo.com] or leave a comment here.  I will do my best to respond.
Jim
