The Roof Top Bar: View 360 degree panoramic
Background
The All England Club’s Long Term Plan, unveiled in 1993, set out to enhance Wimbledon’s widely acknowledged reputation as the world's premier tennis event by substantially improving the quality of the Wimbledon experience for everyone — players, spectators, media, officials, members and those who work at the event.
Since then, guided by a blend of tradition and innovation, the Club’s grounds and facilities have been transformed, including:
1997
New No. 1 Court, permanent Broadcast Centre, tunnel linking Church Road with Somerset Road and new Courts 18 and 19, the popular Aorangi Terrace and large screen TV
2000
Millennium Building (new facilities for players, press and photographers, officials, ballboys/girls, Club members and LTA councillors)
2001
Important repairs and improvements to the front of the Centre Court
2002
Major refurbishment of Clubhouse and Royal Box area
2005
New boundary wall and hard courts at Southern Apex; resurfacing of Car Parks 2 and 3
2006
Redevelopment of the turnstile area, together with a new museum, Wimbledon Shop (open 2005), ticket office and the Club’s new offices
2009
Improved Centre Court (see below) and new No.2 Court
Centre Court of the future
In January 2004, the Club unveiled the latest chapter in the Long Term Plan with plans for its jewel in the crown — the Centre Court.
The 2009 Championships will be the first played on Centre Court with a larger capacity of 15,000 people, more comfortable seating and a retractable roof over the court.
Retractable Roof on Centre Court
The roof will provide a first-class, consistent and safe (non-slippery) playing environment in both open and closed positions.
Of translucent construction to allow natural light to reach the grass, the roof will offer protection to the grass under all adverse weather conditions and, with the roof open, will improve growing conditions throughout the year, particularly at the southern end where the benefit of extra light will be achieved.
The roof has been designed to close/open in under 10 minutes and will be closed primarily to protect play from inclement (and, if necessary, extremely hot) weather during The Championships.
Play will be suspended while the roof closes/opens before being resumed once both the court surface and bowl have attained the optimum conditions for players and spectators.
This process will take between 10-30 minutes depending on the prevailing climatic conditions.
Greater capacity in greater comfort
The Centre Court's capacity has been increased from 13,800 spectators to 15,000 by the addition of six rows of seating to the upper tier on three (east, north and west) sides.
Greater spectator comfort, including ease of access to the court, has been assured through the installation of new, wider seats, as well as extra stairs and lifts.
To allow for the new seating, new media facilities and commentary boxes were built to replace those currently in the upper tier.
Improved catering facilities
In the new east wing of the Centre Court, both the public and Centre Court debenture holders  have an enhanced quality of catering and  improved ambience.
There are more catering outlets offering a wider choice of food both indoors and outdoors, the latter on balconies overlooking an attractively landscaped Tea Lawn area and the Golf Course.
During the non-Championships period visitors will be able to use the new Café Centre Court with its access to the Centre Court viewing gallery.
In the same way, the new Long Bar area, adjacent to the Tea Lawn, will provide indoor facilities for elements of the All England Club's junior tennis programme, specifically the Wimbledon Junior Tennis Initiative.
Outline Timescale
