Visiting Wimbledon: TRAVEL
TRAVEL
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS INFORMATION WAS CORRECT AS OF 2011. PLEASE VISIT WIMBLEDON.COM FOR UP TO DATE INFORMATION
The  Championships are held at The All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club located  at: The All England Lawn Tennis Club, Church Road, Wimbledon, London SW19 5AE.
All spectators are  strongly advised to use public transport services wherever possible.
Public Transport
The  Transport for London website offers a comprehensive journey planner for  travelling around London by train, tube, tram and bus.
Transport for London       Journey Planner
Tube: Take the westbound District Line.  The closest tube stations are Southfields (15 minutes) and Wimbledon (20  minutes). At Southfields or Wimbledon Stations, board the connecting  London General shuttle bus service direct to The Championships or,  alternatively, you can walk or take a taxi.
Train: There is a regular train service from London (Waterloo) to  Wimbledon Station. In addition many other long distance trains call at  Wimbledon from stations such as Portsmouth, Havant, Winchester, Southampton,  Bournemouth, Poole, Basingstoke, Andover, Salisbury and Exeter.
At  Wimbledon Station board the connecting London General shuttle bus service  direct to the grounds. Buses depart about every five minutes.
www.southwesttrains.co.uk
08457 484950 (calls charged at local rate).
Trams: Trams run every 10-15 minutes from East Croydon station to  Wimbledon station during the day on Monday to Saturday, and once every 30  minutes on Sundays and early mornings/evenings. This service takes around 26  minutes.
Visit London Trams for more information.
Buses: London General operates a shuttle bus service direct to The  Championships from Wimbledon Station and Southfields Underground station. The  service runs all day until late evening. This is not a free service.
London General also operates a bus service direct from Marble Arch and  Victoria to The Championships, departing every 30 minutes.
For enquiries call: 0208 545 6100/6110 or visit http://www.londongeneral.co.uk .
Taxis
Taxi services operate from       the taxi ranks at Southfields and Wimbledon stations.
A shuttle service also       operates from the taxi rank in Church Road (outside Gate 4), heading       north, as well as services to all other destinations. For journeys heading       south, a rank is situated in Somerset Road (outside Gate 13).
Taxi sharing is encouraged       during peak times.
Travelling By Car
The AELTC  lies between SW19 5AG and SW19 5AF - please use either of these postcodes to  locate the AELTC via Sat-Nav. Please follow the signposted routes appropriate  to your car park.
Telephone  before you go — call AA Roadwatch on 0906 88 84322 for the latest reports on  traffic hold-ups and roadworks.
Local Traffic Arrangements
No stopping or parking is       permitted in any of the roads around the All England Club during The       Championships. Offending vehicles will be removed.
Every effort is made to keep       traffic moving in the vicinity of the All England Club.
One-way and no stopping       systems and other vehicle restrictions will be in operation.
Please observe the signs and       follow Police directions at all times.
Please note that there is a charge for all parking in designated car parks.
Car Parking
Car parks  are numbers 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 10 in the central area.
Assured parking can be  booked through The AA booking line on 01256 492110. This facility will close on  Friday 17th June. After this time only a pay on the day option will  be available
Pre-paid public parking:
Limited spaces are available in Car Park 6 and Park and Ride. Please visit www.theaa.com/wimbledon for further information or call the AA on 01256 492110 to book.
Unreserved public parking – Pay on the Day
Available in Car Parks 6, 10 and Park and Ride, subject to available       capacity.
Parking for disabled people:
Subject to availability, pre-paid disabled car parking may  be available for Blue Badge holders. Please  visit www.theaa.com/wimbledon for  further information or call the AA on 01256 492110 to book.
Please observe the signs and       follow Police directions at all times.
Motorcycles
Pay on the day parking is  available for motorcycles in Car Park 4 at a charge of £10.
Minibuses
Pay  on the day parking is available for minibuses in Car Park 4 at a charge of £25.
Car park entrances & opening times
Car Park  3 entrance in Somerset Road 8:00am
Car Park  4 entrance in Somerset Road includes motorcycle parking 8:00am
Car Park  5 entrance in Church Road 6.30am
Car Park  6 entrance in Church Road includes free bicycle parking 6.00am
Car Park  8 entrance in Church Road 6.30am
Car Park  10 entrance in Wimbledon Park Road (unreserved) 6.30am
Car Park  10 is operated by the London Borough of Merton
Coaches
No setting down or picking       up will be permitted in Marryat Road and parking will be prohibited on       Wimbledon Common.
It is the responsibility of       coach operators to advise their passengers of the picking up point, which       is inside Car Park 4 next to the Coach Park.
No charge will be made after       4.30pm; prior to this time normal parking charges will apply (£40).
Park and Ride
A Park and Ride scheme is  available (6.30am—11.00pm) at Morden Park, accessed from the A3 at Tolworth and  via the A240 and A24. The charge, for the public, is £15.00 per car and £20.00  for
minibuses. The last public bus  from the Club to the Park & Ride, leaves from the terminal off Somerset  Road at 10.00pm (unless there is late play on Centre Court, when this will be  10.40pm).
