Tyne and Wear (St James Park - Newcastle United Football Club)
NEW PRICE - Was £655! £485
Football, Tennis, Cricket, Etc
Have you ever wondered what it's really like behind the scenes at the country’s greatest sporting venues?
What's it like on Centre Court at Wimbledon? How do the dressing rooms at Wembley compare with those at Twickenham? What would it be like to go behind the scenes at the home of cricket - Lord's Cricket Ground? With our Stadium Tour experiences you can enjoy a fantastic look off camera behind the scenes at the most famous sports venues in London as well as the great northern football grounds of Old Trafford, Anfield and St James’ Park, the home of Manchester United, Liverpool and Newcastle United. For something a bit special we have a legends tours of Stamford Bridge, Old Trafford and The Emirates in the company of a hero from the past happy to share stories of their glory days.
My brother is Arsenal mad!
We've got two great Emirates options that are sure to catch your brother's attention. The standard tour shows you around every area of this custom built stadium in the shadow of Highbury, or there’s a legends tour where you get to spend time in the company of a past master, giving you a unique insight into the stadium and the legendary stories of the past. Visit the dressing room that Arsene Wenger delivers his pre-match speech in, sit in the comfy seats of an executive box, walk around pitch admiring the sweeping curves and iconic roofing of the stadium and take a look behind the scenes at the media facilities where stories are produced about the Gunners and sent out all around the world.
My brother isn't an Arsenal fan!
Don't worry if your brother isn't a Gooner - we've got tours and trips for half a dozen football grounds from the cathedrals of the north-west at Anfield and Old Trafford through to the cosmopolitan London showpieces that are Stamford Bridge and Wembley. Individual tours are available, as well as great family offers. At Old Trafford and Anfield you'll also be given a tour of the club museum, providing a taste of the history and traditions of the club matched with the modern day luxury of the stadium.
At each venue your guide will be steeped in knowledge about the club, answering your questions and explaining the history of the club. Great games, legendary managers and charismatic players are all fondly remembered by your guide, who will also provide you with some of the stories that never hit the headlines. Almost every area of the stadium is open to you - don't forget a camera for some great pictures from the dressing room and dug out to remind you of a special day.
What's a legends tour all about?
Working with Manchester United, Arsenal and Chelsea, we are delighted to offer Legend Tours where you are shown around the ground by one of the great figures from the past. Adding a special touch to the package, you'll be able to hear what really went on in the dressing room, ask your host questions and go home with some special pictures taken alongside one of your heroes. With Newcastle United we've gone the extra mile with an amazing all day visit where you'll enjoy breakfast with a legend, watch the players go through their paces in training and then following your tour of St James' Park you'll have a three-course meal in a club restaurant.
We don't like football!
There's much more to the English sporting landscape than football, with Lords, Twickenham and Wimbledon - all within easy reach of central London. Feel the history and tradition that surrounds the home of cricket or tennis or, alternatively, get a feel for the muddy scrums at Twickenham with these great tours that start off at less than £30.
Centre Court
As the crowds depart, the hysteria fades and normality returns to SW19 for the other 50 weeks of the year, you can take a look around this iconic sporting treasure in London's south west. Starting off at an affordable £20 and stretching through to over £150, you can take your pick of the Wimbledon experiences. Our starter option takes you through the Lawn Tennis Museum, which charts the history of the game from the sedate pre-war years through to the all action 3D glory of the modern era, providing footage of Navratilova, McEnroe, Borg, Sampras, Federer and the Williams sisters.
Stepping up a level, we'll take you around the famous courts from Number 14 through to the new look Centre Court and its atmospheric, all-weather sliding roof. For the real fanatic there is the chance to go behind the scenes, where you will be able to take in the Picnic Terrace and interview room as well as enjoying a great three-course meal with strawberries and champagne on departure.
Howzat!
There is no finer sight on a summer's day than a packed Lord's crowd transfixed with a closely fought test match. In terms of entry, we've got a parent and child option and also one for two adults allowing you a visit to the MCC museum, a stroll through the famous Long Room and the chance to marvel at the great memorabilia that adorns the most historic ground in world cricket.
Twickers!
Marvel at the modern majesty of Twickenham whilst delving into the history of the game, going back to the earliest days where football and rugby were closely linked. Stroll along the famous turf, look inside the dressing rooms and enjoy the World Rugby Museum with a family ticket priced at just over £40 and a two-person ticket at less than £30.
The country’s great sporting heritage doesn't have to be viewed from a distance, with these phenomenal trips allowing you a fantastic insight into your favourite sport or team. There's nothing to beat the thrill of stepping into a deserted stadium, staring around the empty stands and imagining the great days when the crowd has roared on some famous performances.
Step inside the sanctuary of the dressing room or indulge yourself in the past, soaking up the history of the game in the carefully constructed museums, which are part and parcel of modern day stadiums. Whatever size and shape of ball you prefer, we've got a trip certain to provide fantastic memories.
Location Information
Midlands: West Midlands (Birmingham)
North East: Tyne and Wear (St James Park - Newcastle United Football Club)
North West: Greater Manchester (Etihad Stadium - Manchester City Football Club, Old Trafford - Manchester United Football Club), Merseyside (Anfield - Liverpool Football Club, Liverpool)
South East: London (Emirates Stadium - Arsenal Football Club, Fulham Football Club - Craven Cottage, St Johns Wood - Lord's Cricket Ground, Stamford Bridge - Chelsea Football Club, Twickenham, Wembley - Wembley Stadium, Wimbledon)
South West: Somerset
