US open don't have the soul like others.
Aka
November 24th, 2009, 11:51 PM
What an obnoxious statement re it being just another slam. Other than Wimbledon, there is only 3 other slams. I said, because of the history, Wimbledon will always be an important event. However, it is not the be all and end all. You ask most professional tennis players what they would like at the end of their career, 4 Wimbledon trophies or one each from all of the slams, I know what they would be saying. I'm sure Sampras would have been prepared to give up 2 or 3 of his Wimbledon trophies for a French Open trophy...Wimbledon is not the be all and end all. If it got to a stage where a player had to win the Australian Open to get all the slams, then how important does the Australian Open become then? Also, Wimbledon is not immune to players not wanting to play at that event. We've seen in the past players bypass the event and all the UK press start hopping out of their jockstraps like it's shock horror.
I repeat, because of the history, Wimbledon will be perceived as a very important event. But other than that, the Australian Open just blows on Wimbledon.
As for what makes a slam great, it's everything combined. Tradition, technology (I note Wimbledon copied the Australian Open with the retractable roof), crowd attendances and of course the quality of the tennis.
The Sampras v Ivanisevic finals were boring, don't deny it. The most boring matches you will ever see. But to balance that, some of the best matches I have ever seen were at Wimbledon, but they are to and far between.
I'm obnoxious.
No. Sampras v Ivanisevic wasn't boring to me.
And they made the roof in Wimbledon's Centre Court just because of the weather.
If the Australian is that great how come I've never seen a player saying that it's its favourite Slam?
P.S.: Oh! And by the way! The fact that the Australian Open doesn't have dynasties it's probably just due to the fact that it's one of the earliest tournaments of the season where the top players are still trying to achieve their best. Its surface was, for many years, very similar to the US, and the US Open had dynasties.
rmutt
November 25th, 2009, 02:25 AM
US open don't have the soul like others.
At the US Open, they play "Imperial March" from Star Wars  (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bzWSJG93P8)whenever Federer comes out onto the court.
...Plenty of soul and atmosphere characteristic of New York. :)
HUSKER
November 25th, 2009, 04:40 AM
No pro says that the Aussie open it's their favorite or the best slam. Their opinion should be taken as the expert one on this matter.
My opinion states that Wimby and the French are 1 and 2 in that order., The US has its own strange and "grundgy" style that makes it very pleasent to see it.,  The Aussie open still feels like a 1000 series (or masters) event over the span of 2 weeks. The fact that its held in January makes it very difficult to embrace it in the nothern hemisfere where we stop playing tennis due to the freezing cold (dont laugh, its true).   The technology factor doesnt apply in make in the best or worst slam due that many other tournaments have better all around complexes (Shangai, maybe Madrid and Indian Wells).
Aka
November 25th, 2009, 05:04 AM
The US Open has soul. The crowd is usually the loudest - which, sometimes, can annoy some of the players -, Arthur Ashe has a great atmosphere, the Grandstand is... cute, unique, and there's always that NY feeling.
Maybe the fact that the stadium doesn't look like... classic and that USA touch - Wimbledon and Roland Garros have that European, old feeling - makes some people forget that the US Open is actually the second oldest Grand Slam - just four years younger than Wimbledon!!! - with a huge background.
Interesting is that some players say that the Roland Garros crowd is the one who understands more about tennis.
Wezza
November 25th, 2009, 09:15 AM
WTF? You opened a thread about tennis. You know about the 4 grand slams right? So you would be aware then that Melbourne would feature in that, right? What were you expecting to see, Boondall Entertainment Centre???
Here you go, just for you Wezz:
http://www.brisent.com.au/
I know about the 4 grand slams, i am just saying that it's rather predictable that you think the best grand slam of the lot is right there in your hometown. :lol:
AdidasGazelle
November 25th, 2009, 06:04 PM
I would say the Australian Open is the best slam of all the slams, and as a result, the best tournament in the world.
It's the only slam that offers:
day sessions
outdoor matches
indoor matches (in extreme heat or rain).
Plus, it is played on a venue which favours neither the baseliner nor the serve vollyer. The hardcourts in Melbourne are conducive to any style of play.
Granted, the last two Wimbledon finals have been exceoptional, but that's because there was an exceptional player in both, v nadal and then v Roddick.
But go back 20 years at Wimbledon and you will see some of the most boring matches you will ever see. Sampras v Ivanisevic, ace, ace, ace, ace, game Sampras. Ace, ace, ace, ace, game Ivanisevic = zzzzzzzzzz. Try watching that for 4 or 5 sets.
Same with the French, but this time, the exact opposite....3 minute rallies with both players from the back of the net acting as brickwalls.
You wont see ace fests nor long tedious rallies at the Australian Open. What you will see is great tennis because the court isn't really doing any of the players a favour. It is a neutral surface.
Also, it is testement to the Australian Open that no male player has quite managed to dominate it like certain players have dominated the French, Wimbledon and even the US Opens.
Wimbledon, owned by: Sampras 7 times winner, Borg 5 in a row, Federer 6 times a winner.
French Open, owned by: Nadal 4 or 5 times, Borg won 6 times.
Neither Federer, Sampras, Nadal or any other champion in recent times has been able to dominate the Australian Open like they dominated other slams which is a positive because we get to see different winners from year to year as opposed to the Samprasfest or Federerfest at Wimbledon. I think Agassi won the Oz open 4 times but that's about it.
Wimbledon and the French Opens have the tradition and history and therefore the prestige, but if an alien came down to earth and did not know of the history, and judged the slams simply on merit, the Australian Open by far, absolutely by far. And with the upgrade in the pipeworks, it's only going to get better. No other slam is going to offer you the variety that the Australian Open will. The French and Wimbledon by comparisons, are a bit one dimensional.
PS...to the Wimbledon organisers, get rid of that middle Sunday day-off rule, it's 2009 now, not 1909.
I'll feed the troll....he seems hungry.
The reason you wrote this post is because you know deep down, and it hurts you, that out of all the 4 slams the Aussie Open is the least glamorous and the least-valued by both players and tennis fans alike.
You mentioned 20 years - well it is only in recent times that all the top Pros even began to take the Aussie slam serious. A lot didn't even bother to travel for it. It is too early in the year. Little chance of players getting into any kind of form and that is why so many different players win it. A bit like the lotto.
Lets be honest, now that the end of year WTFs have found a great home in London at the o2, the Aussie Open could even slip to 5th on the most-valued tennis tournament.
1) Wimbledon
