£17.00
I would like to purchase for someone else
There are plenty of delights awaiting you on a Wimbledon tennis tour, whether you are an avid tennis fan or simply interested in getting a behind-the-scenes look at the venue which has played host to stars such as Andre Agassi and Steffi Graf.
Museum Tickets are for entry into the Wimbledon Museum, including the new Game on! exhibition
Wimbledon Museum & Tour tickets includes:
Access to the Museum and Game On! exhibition
No.1 Court
Water Gardens with fantastic views across London
Millennium Building
Press Interview Room (out-of-bounds during the Championships)
BBC Television Studio
Open daily:10:00 - 17:00 (last admission 16:00).
The Museum is closed 24th/25th/26th December.
During the Championships the museum is only open to Tournament ticket holders.
Visits to the tour and museum usually last around 2.5 hours, including 90 minutes for the tour and an hour for the museum
PLEASE NOTE:
No tours will run from Monday 18th June until Sunday 19th August 2012 – they will restart on the 20th August.
The Museum will be open from 18th June to 23rd June without Centre Court viewing.
During the tournament (25th June to 8th July) the Museum will be open to tournament ticket holders and VisitBritain voucher holders.
From 9th July until 27th  July the Museum will be closed (and, to reiterate, there will be no tours)
The Museum will open during The Olympics from 28th July to about 6th August to holders of tickets for the Olympic Tennis and VisitBritain voucher holders.
Everything is then closed till the end of the Olympic breakdown period and the Museum will re-open on 15th August with tours starting 20th August  - from then onwards everything is back to normal.
NEW: Game On! Olympic themed exhibition
A new Olympic themed exhibition in celebration of the 30th Olympiad tennis tournament being held at Wimbledon this summer! Visitors can experience this exceptional exhibition which includes:
Inspiring tennis moments from fourteen previous Olympic Games
Memorabilia including Olympic medals and badges, clothing and souvenirs
The story of tennis’s incorporation into the Olympics and the heroes that make up the past medal winners
And even more things to see:
Experience the Championship Trophies 200-Degree Cinema with CGI special effects, which captures and demonstrates the science of tennis.
See a host of incredible memorabilia from Wimbledon history. An audio guide is available in 8 languages.
Meet the ghost of tennis hero John McEnroe in a recreation of the 1980s Gentlemen's Dressing Room. By bringing together an old technique called 'Pepper's Ghost' with new projection and filming technology, the museum is able to create a ghost-like image which appears and takes you on a tour of this normally off-limits area.
The Olympics 2012
