Corporate Syndicates Experience the entertainment and watch your very own greyhound run!
Syndicates
Experience the entertainment and watch your very own greyhound run!
Watching your dog cross the line with his nose in front - Is there any better feeling? Well some might say that it improves if you are stood with several other 'owners' all jumping around on the terrace in unison. A greyhound could even help market your business and act as a truly original and rewarding way of entertaining your clients. Not only can they come greyhound racing and experience the corporate entertainment but they can watch your very own greyhound run!
Syndicates where you share the costs and also have a ready-made sociable fan base for your greyhound are increasingly popular. If you are planning to use your greyhound as a marketing tool for your business you might want to check out the corporate hospitality potential.
Want advertising with a difference? Name your greyhound after your brand or product!
Why not contact Richard Rees or come and talk with me by the trackside on a race night at Wimbledon Stadium or visit our kennels . We encourage owners to visit the kennels particulary on a Sunday morning. It is traditional to walk your dog, feed them a treat and meet fellow owners and would be a great place to start as a prospective owner.
So you want to syndicate a racing greyhound?
It costs £7.50 a day to train your greyhound. This includes their food and training and also transport to the track for their races - generally a greyhound will race every seven to ten days. As to how much your greyhound will cost - they will cost anything from a few hundred pounds to many thousands - depending on their age and breeding.
As a general rule of thumb you do get what you pay for and while a greyhound may be cheaper when younger and unproven, it also has unkown potential adding to the excitment, compared to spending a little extra on a greyhound that has already had several runs and is of a known quantity.
