Taggart: I want to buy Wimbledon Stadium.
Byline: Richard Birch
PASCHAL TAGGART, the Irish businessman who revolutionised Irish greyhound racing at the turn of the millennium, is hoping to purchase Wimbledon from its owners Risk Capital and reinvigorate the sport in Britain.
The ex-Bord na gCon chairman conducted a site visit at the south London South London (known colloquially as South of the River) is the area of London south of the River Thames. Some neighbourhoods north of the Thames have South London postal codes (SW), but these neighbourhoods are classified as West or Central London.  circuit - home of the williamhill.com Derby - on Wednesday with other members of a consortium, and spoke of his intention to "breathe new life" into a track which is urgently in need of investment.
Taggart said yesterday: "I went and looked at Wimbledon, and I must say it is an absolute dump at the moment. There was a lake in the middle of the car park, yet there hadn't been any rain!
"I am very interested in Wimbledon greyhound track. It has always been an ambition of mine to take over Wimbledon and put in first-class facilities which would match the Olympic village Frequently, an Olympic Village is built within an Olympic Park or elsewhere in a host city. Olympic Villages are built to house all participating athletes, as well as officials, trainers, etc. The idea of the Olympic Village comes from Pierre de Coubertin. . London greyhound owners deserve to have a massive leisure facility."
Taggart was joined at Wimbledon by members of a consortium who want to buy the track. "My colleagues are not into greyhound racing - it would be of a strictly commercial interest to them," he said.
"There is some potential in it to interest them at this stage, but the key points will be price and planning.
"If we get Wimbledon it could reinvigorate greyhound racing in both Britain and Ireland.
"We'll put in first-class facilities and encourage people to own dogs at Wimbledon. In turn, I'm sure sponsors will want to become involved, too."
Taggart admits plans are very much in their infancy. "We haven't got to square one yet," he said. "We're at the starting point Noun 1. starting point - earliest limiting point
terminus a quo
commencement, get-go, offset, outset, showtime, starting time, beginning, start, kickoff, first - the time at which something is supposed to begin; "they got an early start"; "she knew from the , and we're a long way off. But I am optimistic op·ti·mist  
n.
1. One who usually expects a favorable outcome.
2. A believer in philosophical optimism.
op  that if I can get the right planning and the right price then we can move forward.
"Having seen the site yesterday there's no doubt we'd have to totally raze raze also rase  
tr.v. razed also rased, raz·ing also ras·ing, raz·es also ras·es
1. To level to the ground; demolish. See Synonyms at ruin.
2. To scrape or shave off.
3.  it to the ground and then rebuild. There might be no greyhound racing at Wimbledon for a year while the new track is built, but in the longer term all trainers and owners would be far better off than they are now."
News that Taggart intends to target Wimbledon was welcomed by long-serving Plough Lane Plough Lane was a football stadium in the Wimbledon area of south London. It was the home ground of Wimbledon Football Club from September 1912 to May 1991 when it closed (see below). The club moved from there to Selhurst Park (the ground of Crystal Palace F.C.  trainer Norah McEllistrim, who said: "I'd be over the moon if Paschal got Wimbledon.
"He got Irish greyhound racing back on its feet, and he could do the same here. I feel that the sport is on the up already in Britain - Friday and Saturday is absolutely heaving with young people at Wimbledon - and the track just needs someone to come in and provide the investment in new facilities that is needed.
"I'm sure Wimbledon could make someone a profit of pounds 5 million per year if run correctly. Let's hope Paschal has some success."
Walthamstow's closure in August 2008 left Wimbledon as London's sole remaining greyhound track, and the SW17 site has long been perceived by some as a prime site for redevelopment.
CAPTION(S):
Pashal Taggart: 'can breathe new life into the stadium' Wimbledon's facilities 'could match the Olympic village' said Irish businessman Paschal Taggart yesterday
COPYRIGHT 2012 MGN LTD
No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder.
Copyright 2012 Gale, Cengage Learning. All rights reserved.
 Reader Opinion
