Our Impressions of Kingsmeadow Stadium
The ground now has a capacity of 6,299 with 1,125 seated places.
Built in 1989, Kingsmeadow is a modern facility which with recent redevelopment has a Football League grading. The main stand provides the only seating in the ground, but it is large and generally comfortable. The Kingston Road End and the Side Enclosure provide rather shallow covered terracing, with the Athletics Stadium End offering high standard terracing but no cover.
The turnstiles are located on the corner of the ground upon entry, with the away set being at the far end of the complex. Entry to the stand is by the turnstile through the club foyer. The ground is served by three well-appointed bars - the main one being the large clubhouse which is served by a long bar and big screen. Inside the ground there are three sets of toilets and two food bars, though not all are open unless there is segregation in place.
Directions to Kingsmeadow Stadium
By Road
From M25
Exit the M25 at junction 10 (A3) and head towards London.  Exit the A3 at the New Malden junction and turn left heading towards New Malden. Turn left at the next roundabout (The Fountain) onto Kingston Road (A2043).  The ground is in 'Jack Goodchild Way' which is before you reach the town centre, but a few miles along the Kingston Road.
By Train The nearest station is 'Norbiton' which is on the Kingston line and is served from Waterloo. The ground is a mile walk from there. Head towards the main London road (the main road near the station) and then turn left into Cambridge Road after the supermarket.  It is about a ten minute walk up this road, with the ground on your right.
By Bus A large number of buses serve Kingston Town Centre. The 131 passes the ground (from Kingston Town Centre).
Local Area around Kingsmeadow Stadium
Kingsmeadow Stadium is situated off a residential area on the Kingston/New Malden borders. It is not in one of the more affluent parts of town, but is conveniently served by the A2043 Cambridge Road/Kingston Road.
Located next door is the Kingsmeadow Athletics Stadium, bit beyond the complex there is little public access. Further afield (20 minutes walk), Kingston town centre is a vibrant regional centre with plenty to suit the tastes of everyone. It's easy enough to find Kingston, but it can prove to be a traffic nightmare.
If you are a registered user then you can login , and create your own personal review of AFC Wimbledon Football Club - Kingsmeadow Stadium .  These reviews can be private or public.
Football
