The Observer ,
Sunday 27 July 2008
The Williams sisters contested their third Wimbledon final on a partially roofed Centre Court that swirled with wind. Both players struggled with their serves and Venus repeatedly had to catch her toss-up rather than strike it as the ball veered away from her. Nevertheless, 'I love this place' was her verdict after winning 7-5 6-4 and lifting her fifth Rosewater Dish.
1 The roof
Two white arches straddling Centre Court's roof at this year's tournament offered a glimpse of how the stadium will look from next year, when a retractable roof will enable day-long tennis whatever the weather. Five motorised trusses at one end and six at the other will move across to spread a translucent fabric at a height of 16 metres above the court.
2 The grass
'Mollycoddled,' according to Neil Stubley, the senior groundsman. The ultra-durable perennial ryegrass is rolled, relined, measured for wear and cut to a regulation height of 8mm, every day of the tournament. The grounds are patrolled with guard dogs to prevent foxes getting in - their toxic urine kills the grass - but, otherwise, players' feet are the biggest hazard. To test court durability before the tournament, technicians simulate Wimbledon conditions by pounding a patch with a hydraulic foot for a fortnight. Tough stuff.
3 Pigeons
'You could not design a better pigeon loft,' said falconer Wayne Davis this year. 'All the girders and the high-quality grass seed they put out.' In 2008, Rufus the harris hawk made his debut, charged with clearing the area of pigeons: he folded under pressure and had to be rescued from Centre Court's roof. 'A harder approach was necessary,' said the All England Club, and marksmen armed with air rifles were deployed. Animal rights group Peta promptly complained ('cruel and illegal', they thought) and the AEC disbanded their strike force.
4 Video scoreboard
Philips video screens replaced the old dot-matrix scoreboards this year. Oddly, great care was taken 'to make the new displays look identical to the old displays during play'. During breaks, the screens showed score updates from other matches, now with added player mug shots.
5 Chair umpire and line judges
As a general rule, chair umpires officiate two matches per day at Wimbledon, while teams of line judges rotate every 75 minutes. Since 2006, all officials have been outfitted by Ralph Lauren, in navy blazers and cream trousers or skirts. 'It's a little bit different from the green we used to wear... Some people think we look like ice-cream men,' umpire Kim Craven said. For those who wanted to get the look, all items were available to buy in the Centre Court shop.
6 Speed-of-serve board
Each serve was measured by speed guns at either baseline - a fraction of the 90,000 pieces of information collected by IBM every day at the tournament. A quick-fingered army of 150 data collectors inputted statistics from the sidelines using laptops with special keyboards; the company claims that this information was distributed to the world before on-court applause had died away.
7 Branding
There is very little of this to be seen, something that sets Centre Court apart from every other major sports stadium. The umpire's chair has a Robinson's shelf (two flavours of barley water!) and an Evian fridge while, elsewhere, logos for Slazenger, IBM and Rolex make subtle appearances. Otherwise, Centre Court is a brand-free zone; the logos on the photographers' cameras command almost as much space.
8 Towels
Each competitor is lent two Wimbledon-branded Christy towels every match, equal to around 5,000 towels over the fortnight. More than half don't come back. 'I wouldn't say the towels were stolen,' a Wimbledon spokesperson said, 'just not returned.' The towels sold for £24 in Wimbledon's shops and were the second-biggest seller after mini tennis ball key rings.
