Book a Hotel Near The New Wimbledon Theatre
 
There is a bar licensed for alcohol.   Also available is ice-cream and confectionery.
An induction loop is fitted at the   Box Office which is available when booking. There are a limited number of   headsets. Street level access is available via Russell Road with a wheel   chair accessible lift. There are wheelchair spaces with a seat for a   companion. There is a wheelchair accessible toilet and Bar facilities. There   is an Infra Red system for the hearing impaired. Guide dogs are welcome in   the Main House and Studio.
The theatre is 9 miles from Heathrow   and 16 miles from Gatwick. When you park after 4:00pm at Centrecourt   Shopping Centre Car Park and see a show on the same day the theatre will   validate your parking ticket. All you pay is £2. Simply take your show   ticket with your parking ticket to the Box Office window after the show to   receive this service. The offer is valid for all performances after 4:00pm   (excluding matinees). The Centrecourt Car Park remains open until midnight.
Wimbledon Tube Station is the   closest underground.
Wimbledon Rail Station is the   closest
Bus Routes: 57, 93, 131,163, 164,   200, 219, 493
The Broadway, Wimbledon, London, SW19 1QG
Theatre
Information
The New Wimbledon Theatre was built in 1910 by the theatre lover J B   Mullholland and and is now approaching its centenary year. It is generally   known as the Grand Old Lady of Wimbledon’s Broadway. It is a Grade 2 listed   building. The Georgian Renaissance style frontage is topped by the Goddess   of Gaiety. The winged angel standing high on the dome watching out over   London. Inside the walls and ceilings are decorated with painted and   sculpted figures in the style of the Italian Renaissance.
Over the years many legendary stars such as Gracie Fields, Noel Coward,   Marlene Dietrich, Laurel & Hardy, John Mills, Norman Wisdom, Tommy Steele,   Timothy Dalton and Joan Collins have all graced the stage. It has also   hosted the world premieres of Half A Sixpence and Oliver, starring Tommy   Steele.
The main auditorium is adjoined by the smaller New Wimbledon Studio, seating   up to 80 people. It is often home to small scale drama and comedy.
The doors opened for the first time on Boxing Day 1910 and will soon be 100   years old. The theatre was saved from redevelopment when the management was   undertaken by the Ambassador Theatre Group in 2004. With several   refurbishments most notably in 1991 and 1998, it retains its internal   features.
Until 2001, it was owned and operated by the Wimbledon Civic Theatre Trust,   on behalf of the London Borough of Merton, who still own the freehold of the   building. The trust was responsible for overseeing a multi-million pound   refurbishment in the late 1990s. This incorporated a new backstage area,   tower and new seating in the orchestra stalls as well as redecoration of the   interior. During this period, it was closed for an entire year.
