Football Travel Guide › League Two › AFC Wimbledon Football Club ›
If you are planning your trip  to see  The Dons at The Cherry Red Records Fans Stadium then the football travel guide is the perfect place to start. Find all the information you need about AFC Wimbledon  right here including competitively priced hotel and B&B accommodation, travel information, directions and matchday ticket booking details.
Hotels near AFC Wimbledon football club
To start your seach for hotels near to AFC Wimbledon  football ground, The Cherry Red Records Fans Stadium, simply put your games dates in the football hotel search box on the right and hit search.
Booking your AFC Wimbledon match tickets
If you haven't booked your tickets for the big game, visit the AFC Wimbledon website . Alternatively call the ticket telephone number on 020 8547 3528.
See the AFC Wimbledon website for further information about the game and access to the   ground.
AFC Wimbledon address and contact details
AFC Wimbledon Football Club
The Cherry Red Records Fans Stadium, Jack Goodchildway, 422 Kingston Road,  Kingston upon Thames, KT1 3PB
Ticket telephone number: 020 8547 3528
General enquiries number: 020 8547 3528
Route planning for car journeys to AFC Wimbledon
Simply click on map on the image and you will be explore the area around The Cherry Red Records Fans Stadium using the interactive map. If you are driving to AFC Wimbledon and want a more detailed route, then use this route planner to   save you time.
Travelling to the match
If you are traveling to the game by bus , coach or train buy your tickets   online now so that you have a guaranteed seat. If you want to go by car but not   take your own, why not hire one for the day.
Staying overnight near AFC Wimbledon
Quality hotels with online booking
Simply use our search box at the top of the page to find hotels close to AFC Wimbledon of visit The Quality Hotel Guide . Our search will give you a selection of great hotels, with photos, customer comments and the distance to the ground.
Find a local B&B or Guest House to AFC Wimbledon
If our listed hotels are not quite what you are looking for, take a look at some great B&B and Guest House accommodation in Kingston upon Thames. Find B&B's in Kingston upon Thames >
Make a weekend of it - find self catering accommodation
Why restrict your football experience to one day? Book self catering accommodation for a weekend and enjoy everything Surrey has to offer. Self catering accommodation near Kingston upon Thames . If a cottage, holiday flat, apartment,chalet or lodge is more your style then try cottages in Kingston upon Thames
Holiday parks near AFC Wimbledon Football Club
If you are looking for something a little different why not book in to a holiday park in the area. Particularly good for a group of travelling supporters, most parks have heated lodges and caravans that would be great accommodation whatever the time of year. Look for a holiday park close to AFC Wimbledon .
Buy AFC Wimbledon club merchandise at great prices
If you are looking for  AFC Wimbledon football shirts,  a scarf, badge, book, calendar or other memorabilia then visit our store .
Fan Websites
Do you run a  football club fan site and want to promote it here? It's free, just put a link on your website to us and let us know , we will then reciprocate with a  link to your site from here. Is it worth doing... yes, google views highly relevant links such as this very positively.
AFC Wimbledon summary information
Ground: The Cherry Red Records Fans Stadium - a capacity of 4,720 (seating 1,265)
Address: The Cherry Red Records Fans Stadium, Jack Goodchildway, 422 Kingston Road,  Kingston upon Thames, KT1 3PB
Ticket telephone number: 020 8547 3528
General enquiries number: 020 8547 3528
