Travel Packages for US Open Tennis
Need more than just US Open Tennis tickets? GoTickets also offers travel packages that can include options like hotel stays and transportation to make your US Open Tennis experience hassle free. Check out our US Open Tennis travel packages today!
US Open Tennis 2012
What will the date be for the 2012 US Open Tennis?
The US Open Tennis is held every year in August and September over a two-week period (the weeks before and after Labor Day  weekend), so August 27th - September 9th, 2012 will be the dates for the 2012 US Open Tennis Tournament.
The main tournament consists of five different tennis event championships. They have the men’s and women’s singles tournament, the men’s and women’s doubles tournament and mixed doubles tournaments.
About the US Open Tennis
It seems like every year that the U.S. Open tennis tournament somehow gets better. That certainly was the case again in ’11 when the two-week event at the USTA Billie Jean National Tennis Center in New York City provided countless thrilling moments and matches from start to finish. There were some huge upsets as always, but plenty of marquee names made it to the later rounds, which culminated with a spectacular men’s final featuring Novak Djokovic against Rafael Nadal. That match was set up by two tremendous semifinals with Djokovic beating Roger Federer in an epic five set match and Nadal just getting by Andy Murray. The Djokovic-Nadal final had every seat filled at Arthur Ashe Stadium , and the U.S. Open ticket holders were treated to a great match that day as Djokovic managed to prevail in four sets. The women’s singles final was also memorable, as Australian Samantha Stosur took out fan favorite Serena Williams. All in all, it was a great U.S. Open, and the next one should be just as good. So now is the time to order your U.S. Open tennis tournament tickets.
The U.S. Open is the largest of the four majors when it comes to seating capacity, and in many ways it could be said that it is more popular than the Australian Open , Wimbledon and French Open . Part of the reason for its popularity is the venue and location itself, as Arthur Ashe Stadium, which has a capacity of 23,200 as the largest tennis venue in the world, and the 10,000-seat Louis Armstrong Stadium are both great places to watch tennis. And of course New York City is a great place to visit and do some sightseeing when you are not watching tennis. GoTickets can even help you find some Broadway show tickets or New York City sports tickets for any other events you want to see. So order your U.S. Open Tennis tickets today.
At GoTickets, you can get US Open tennis tickets for all 26 sessions from beginning to end. Whether you want to sit courtside or find something more affordable in the upper level, we have the right US Open tickets for you. You can browse through hundreds of listings to find the right tickets based on your budget and your seating preferences.
US Open Tennis Tickets are not currently available.
Please enter your email address below
and Be the First to Know when they are.
Searching for US Open Tennis Tickets or related event information?
Please enter your email address and postal code below to Be the First to Know about shows in your area. GOtickets respects your privacy.
US Open Tennis Related Events
