A Roof Over Arthur Ashe Stadium?
By
(Correspondent) on April 25, 2009
1,272 reads
1
(Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images)
Match delays and umbrellas could soon be a thing of the past at the US Open as US Open organisers aim to approve plans to build a $100m roof over the Arthur Ashe Stadium.
The United States Tennis Association says it does not have immediate plans to construct a roof over Ashe and that they are studying this issue. The question is, 'Is it an effective use of U.S.T.A. money,' says a member.
The USTA appear more optimistic given the new technology, the lighter weight and translucent technology that is available today.  Logistics will of course be difficult, given the sheer scale and technology involved in a moveable and retractable roof over such a huge stadium. 
The board has approved a more serious consideration of such an eventuality, looking into construction, costs and timeframes.
Nevertheless it is difficult to justify spending $100 million when there have only been nine cancelled sessions in the last 20 years of a tournament.
The issues arises frequently in tennis because the Australian Open already has a retractable roof on its main stadium (as well as a roof on its second-biggest court) and now Wimbledon has one for constructed and ready for use on Centre Court for the 2009 Championships.
Together with last year's rain-delayed US Open final weekend - where Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal 's semi-final had to be stopped and rescheduled for the 'final' Sunday and the championship final between Roger Federer and Murray taking place on the Monday - it appears that organizers should follow Wimbledon's lead.
It makes sense for the benefit of spectators, broadcasters and viewers around the world.  At least some play during a rain-soaked day would still fill schedules.
The growth of the tournament, the number of fans and the number of countries around the world that televise the tournament need some reassurance, and insurance, that their spending is fully justified; perhaps a roof to protect the jewel in the US Open crown could be the answer.
However, as at Wimbledon, a roof would not help all problems.  A roof on Arthur Ashe, as with Centre Court, would not do anything to help the lesser-ranked players - unless, of course, schedules became so backed up that play from smaller courts need to be relocated to the biggest stadia.
The USTA is sensitive on this issue, knowing that a non-Arthur Ashe ticket at the US Open Championships can allow one to see plenty of other action from closer range.
Others argue that such a project would raise the costs of already-increasing ticket prices - especially disadvantageous at a time when many individuals and organizations alike want to save their money as much and as often as possible.
Are there real advantages of a roof when the stadium is only half filled?
Would it be better to get a ticket for another session after a rainout or have a limited choice of matches in seats that are in the stratosphere?
In this weakened economic environment, nothing is for certain.
