Age Restrictions
n/a
See all the action from Wimbledon at Broadgate Arena this summer as Sets and the City brings you everything you could want from the traditional sporting championships. Live action tennis shown on enormous screens, free delicious ice cream and even the chance of a manicure - Wimbledon at Broadgate Arena has it all!
Experience the excitement, tension and passion of last week of the Wimbledon 2008 Tennis Championships as Sets and the City brings you everything you could want from a summer sports tournament. Indulge in Haagen Dazs, relax on a sun lounger, get your toes painted and maybe catch a few matches - Wimbledon at Broadgate Arena is the only alternative to heading to the All England Tennis Club.
Set out with a grass court and loads of comfy chill out style loungers, the atmosphere of Wimbledon at Broadgate Arena couldn't be more sophisticated. Set in the ideal location to catch a match during your lunch break or on your way home from work, the Sets and the City will also be offering you the chance to try the brand new flavour from Haagen Dazs absolutely free.
Becoming as synonymous with Wimbledon as good old strawberries and cream, the new Haagen Dazs flavour to be served up at Wimbledon at Broadgate Arena is Raspberries and Meringue, a delicious take on the classic Eton Mess. Made from raspberry sorbet, vanilla ice cream and with yummy bits of meringue lurking inside too, the dessert is the perfect treat to accompany some serious tennis watching. Served by the stylishly dressed girl and ball boys, the ice cream is accompanied by even more indulgent Champagne cocktails.
For those that just don't have time to fit in all their pampering and tennis watching during the last week of Wimbledon, the Broadgate Arena is bringing the stylist to you. Giving you the chance to book in for a free manicure or pedicure, Sets and the City is the ultimate treat for anyone who loves their summer salon treatments and their tennis rolled into one.
To book your free manicure or pedicure with Sets and the City Wimbledon at Broadgate Arena, click on the link below for more information.
