English Derby
2012 English Greyhound Derby - Final May 26
Taylors Sky will line up in Saturday's Greyhound Derby final at 10:35pm looking to emulate the legendary Westmead Hawk and record back-to-back victories in the competition and cement his place as one of the greats of the sport, but Charlie Lister's speedster will face some tough opposition in what looks a corker of a final.
A winner out of trap one 12 months ago, Lister's speedster will have to produce the same heroics from trap four and with some indifferent form throughout this year's competition, he will need to produce an absolute pearler of a performance in what looks a wide open contest.
Coolavanny Bert has certainly caught the eye with some sparkling displays at Wimbledon and if he can show his trademark early pace will be on the vicinity heading to the first bend, but he has form to reverse with Matt Dartnall's Farloe Ironman , who was simply sensational in the semi-finals.
After making a decent start, he avoided all the first bend scrimmaging and scoooted clear to record an impressive 28.16secs success to propel himself into the reckoning for Saturday's decider.
Blonde Snapper has been one of the most consistent performers of the competition and will be hoping that he can ping the lids from trap six, but with Judicial Ruling on his inside, he could struggle to get a run with the Irish star showing terrific early pace and is another who must warrant respect.
Westmead Adonis completes the sextet and even though he lacks the speedy turn of foot from the boxes, he will certainly be staying on in the closing stages and any trouble in the race will definitely aid his chances in what looks a mouthwatering final from Plough Lane.
Result 2012 - Greyhound Derby Final
1st - Blonde Snapper - M Wallis - 8/1
2nd - Farloe Ironman - M Dartnall - 6/4 Fav
3rd - Coolavanny Bert - J Gardner - 7/2
English Derby History
Since it was established in 1927 the English Greyhound Derby is the toughest competition to win as the elite do battle over a gruelling qualifying process.
Originally run at White City until 1985, the Greyhound Derby now takes place at Wimbledon Stadium over a distance over 480 metres.
In a demanding competition, greyhounds will have to progress through several heats, before the top six remain and battle it out for Derby supremacy in the final.
The roll of honour lists such greats as Mick The Miller, who was a phenomenon back in the 1920s and more recently the likes of Rapid Ranger and Westmead Hawk have bagged the crown in consecutive years.
The undisputed champion of the current training crop is Charlie Lister, who bagged his sixth training crown with 2011 winner Taylors Sky, who set the track record of 28.17 seconds in the final.
With current sponsors William Hill boosting the win fund to a staggering £125,000 for the 2012 renewal, the English Greyhound Derby is certainly the most sought after competition in the greyhound calendar.
Past Winners
