November 18, 2011 Leave a Comment
The Club
Established in 2002 after the controversial and unprecedented decision by MP’s to allow Wimbledon FC to move 56 miles north to Milton Keynes and rebrand themselves as the MK Dons, AFC Wimbledon is a supporter owned club currently residing in Football League 2, the fourth tier of the English football pyramid system. Starting in the Combined Counties League, AFC Wimbledon have enjoyed 5 promotions in 9 seasons and currently find themselves just one division behind arch rivals the MK Dons.
The Stadium
Kingsmeadow, a tidy, small ground in the leafy London suburb of Kingston upon Thames is home to AFC Wimbledon and Kingstonian FC of the Isthmian League. Covered on 3 sides, Kingsmeadow has a capacity of 5’194 of which1’295 is seated. The ground is the 90th largest of the 92 in the Football League. The Stadium comprises the Paul Strank Stand which is the main stand for home supporters, the John Smith Stand, which is a partially covered terrace for away supporters while the rest of the home fans are housed in the partially covered terraces at the Tempest End and the Kingston Road End.
The Experience
My last visit to the Kingsmeadow was 30th March 2010, to watch AFC Wimbledon take on Wrexham FC in a Blue Square Premier match. The game finished 2-2, but I will remember it most fondly for derided journeyman Frank Sinclair getting himself sent off late in the game for comments he made to the referee. The atmosphere was fantastic – friendly, enthusiastic and loud. The food was decent, a miscellaneous meat pie and a cup of Bovril costing around £4. The programme was £2.50, with decent content and features.
How to Get There
Now, finding the stadium can be difficult. Firstly you need to take a train from London Waterloo to Norbiton (a return will cost around £8), from there its a walk of less than a mile, but its not particularly well signposted and you are in and amongst residential houses. The easiest solution is probably to get a taxi, which on match days are usually plentiful near the station. For anyone travelling from outside of London here’s where you can find the relevant information. -  http://www.afcwimbledon.co.uk/location.php?Psection_id=4&Psub_section_id=9&squad=
Prices
For League 2, tickets are reasonably priced. £15 for adults, £9 for concessions and £2 for under-16’s. A sharp, 50% price increase since promotion to the Football League, but extremely competitive by League 2 standards.
