Directions:
Rail & Tube: Tooting Broadway (Northern line), Haydons Road (Thameslink), Wimbledon (District line) or Earlsfield (from Waterloo).
Bus: Bus routes 44, 77, 156 pass the junction at the top of Alexandra Road. The stadium is a short walk from the stop.
Car: A219 turn left off the Alexandra Road into Plough lane via traffic lights. Stadium is on the left.
Maps at http://tinyurl.com/26uvjg and http://tinyurl.com/2cxo4u
Calling all supporters in our near the South West London area!
Please help with Wimbledon Stadium leafletting
Those living elsewhere can also support our campaign.
For the past year Greyhound Action supporters have been distributing our leaflets every Saturday evening (and often on other nights too) to members of the public attending greyhound racing at Wimbledon Stadium.
This is a vitally important activity. The greyhound racing industry relies on 60% of people who go to the dogs attending again, so where this figure can be reduced, there's a good chance that financial losses will force tracks to close.
At Wimbledon Stadium the effects are starting to tell, with noticeably fewer people attending greyhound races, having been informed of the suffering and slaughter caused by the dog racing industry.
Leafletting at Wimbledon is being carried out by a small group of very dedicated people, who urgently need the help of others if they are to continue this vital work.
So if you live in or near the South West London area, please volunteer to lend a hand. Regular leafletters are obviously the most sought-after, but even if you can only take part occasionally, that would still be a great help.
Help is also needed with street stalls and leafletting in shopping centres in South West London.
Leafletting outside the stadium takes place every Saturday evening and often on Tuesday and Friday evenings too.
Please get in touch, if you can lend a hand.
A greyhound was seriously injured just recently in a race at the stadium and subsequently "put down". We were able to get publicity in the local press about this, which will have further deterred people from attending dog racing there. See www.greyhoundaction.org.uk/trackwimb.html#wimb240108 for more details.
If you don't live anywhere near South West London, but would like to help organise/take part in regular demos outside your local greyhound stadium, please get in touch with Greyhound Action - info@greyhoundaction.org.uk - for advice and information.
The Greyhound Action website has been recently updated. Take a look at the home pages of our UK and international sites at www.greyhoundaction.org.uk/greyhound.html and www.greyhoundaction.org.uk/igreyhound.html for more action alerts, news and information.
Please feel free to forward/crosspost/circulate this message.
Tony Peters, Greyhound Action
Friday, February 08, 2008
If you don't live anywhere near South West or South East London, but would like to help organise/take part in regular demos outside your local greyhound stadium, please get in touch with Greyhound Action - info@greyhoundaction.org.uk - for advice and information.
Other mapping wesites: http://www.multimap.com . http://www.streetmap.co.uk . http://maps.google.co.uk
Note: Maps are based on postcodes which can cover a wide area, especially for rural locations.
Public Transport details may be available from http://www.traveline.org.uk/
