View Tickets
Do you have US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon Tickets?
We have seating charts / venue maps for all US Open Tennis , French Open and Wimbledon .  Check out our US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets. If you need more information on US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon Tickets or US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon info or US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon parking call Empire Tickets at 800.725.0112.
How to purchase US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon Tickets from Empire Tickets?
Click on the link “view tickets” to pick your US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets. You can get your US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets or other Tennis sites, for any US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon. Purchasing US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets is completely secure and guaranteed with Empire Tickets Ticket Assure .
Do we have cheap US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon Tickets?
Empire Tickets has cheap US Open Tennis , French Open and Wimbledon tickets. We have US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets for every price range. Empire Tickets has the best selection of US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets for all Tennis Tournements including the US Open in Flushing, NY. Also don’t forget US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon Parking. Empire Tickets has your tickets for all US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon. We are dedicated to providing you with premium seats, VIP seating and all US Open Tennis, French Open and Wimbledon tickets that are in high demand. Empire Tickets is also your source for all major events worldwide.
Do we have all US Open, French Open  and all Wimbledon Tickets?
Yes we do. Empire Tickets has tickets no matter whom or where Tennis is played you can have premium tickets. Check out all Tennis Tournaments - US Open Tennis , French Open and Wimbledon and more.
US Open Tennis Information:
Originally known as the U.S. National Championships, the US Open began in 1881 as a singles men's tournament played for entertainment purposes only.  Members of the United States National Lawn Tennis  Association were the only players allowed to compete, and a gentleman by the name of Richard D. Sears became the very first winner.  He also went on to dominate the tournament for the next six years.
In the over 120 years of its existence, the US Open has gone through many changes that have shaped it into the modern Grand Slam event that it is today.  The first change came in 1887 with the inclusion of  women in the game, and 5 years later with the first Mixed Doubles match.  Later, as the Championships began to move around the country, the Men's Doubles were split into an East and West contest whose winners  played-off for the right to take on the holders.  After this challenge round was abolished in 1920, the current knockout system began.
Then in 1968, the five major championships were consolidated, marking the beginning of the Open Era.  This also meant that the tournament would be held at only one venue, which was West Side Tennis Club in  Queens, New York.  Now held at the Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens, NY, the US Open has become one of the richest professional tennis events for amateurs and professionals  all over the world.
At one and a half times the size of Central Park, Flushing Meadows Corona Park has developed from the swamp that it once was into the beautiful park that it is today.  Home to not only the New York Mets and  the US Open, there is also an art museum, a zoo, and botanical gardens.  With all of its amenities, your trip to the US Open can become even more of an experience as there is something for everyone at Flushing  Meadows Corona Park.
US OPEN TENNIS LINKS AND INFORMATION
