Olympics
 
Wimbledon stadium is a lavish construction, which serves as venue for Wimbledon matches. Explore all about Wimbledon Championship stadium.
Tennis » Wimbledon » Wimbledon Stadium
Wimbledon Stadium
The oldest tennis tournament, Wimbledon has come a long way since its inception in 1877. The tennis tournament is held annually at the All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC), also known as Wimbledon Stadium. The event attracts tennis players from different parts of the world, who aspire to grab the attractive Wimbledon trophy. With the passing years, it has become one of the most prestigious events in the world. Professional tennis players from as many as 60 countries have participated in the event so far, which is witnessed by millions of spectators, from every nook and corner of the world.
Wimbledon Stadium is spread across 42 acres of land. Located merely 15 minutes away from London, the capital city of England, the tennis stadium boasts of being one of the most elegant venues of the world, for the sport. It is characterized by a grand stature. The easily accessible club attracts thousands of people every year, whenever the Wimbledon events are organized. The club that manages the stadium has a vibrant history, which dates back to the 19th century. When it was established in 1868, tennis was little known to the world. A number of activities were conducted in the club.
Two years after the invention of lawn tennis (by Major Walter Clopton Wingfield in 1873), the game was introduced to the club. After a few years, the club hosted its first tournament. Since lawn tennis was gaining popularity as a sport, in 1882, it was decided that the game would be the only activity of the Club, thereafter. The club was shifted from its earlier location at Worple Road to Church Road, in 1922. Since then, the club hasn't shifted its base. Over the passing time, the club underwent renovations, as to improve its facilities provided to the players and the seating capacity. According to the recent statistics, the Wimbledon stadium has 19 grass courts, 5 red shale, 3 continental clay, 1 American clay court, 5 indoor courts and as many as 20 practice courts.
Apart from Wimbledon Championship, Wimbledon stadium has also played host to Wightman Cup in 1972 and the Davis Cup, in 2000. As many as 450,000 spectators come to witness the Wimbledon championship, at the stadium. The extensive facilities provided by the stadium are what make the visitors frequent their visit. Apart from the tennis courts, the stadium houses a museum, which has an ancient memorabilia (dating back to 1555). Various art galleries, concession stands, private lounges, pubs and a huge library are also located there. For emergencies, it provides quick access to a bank, a pharmacy and shops.
The club is quite choosy, when it comes to the selection of its members. In the present time, only 400 people are the members of the club. Moreover, it is not that much easy to get a membership here. The formalities required for the same can take much time, even a couple of weeks. The members of the stadium can avail a number of facilities provided to them at the stadium. For the spectators, the tickets to watch a Wimbledon event at the stadium are relatively cheap. They may range from £24 to £79. All-access pass for the tennis fans are also provided by the Wimbledon stadium.
