30/3/2009 1 photo
I'm not really a gambling, beer swilling type of guy, but it was my mate's birthday and I wasn't going to miss his bash. It cost £5 to get in and I was told drinks were reasonably priced. I wanted to be outside near the action but punters were smoking on mass by the track. I'm quite fond and attached to my lungs and pulmonary heart failure wasn't on any of our groups agenda. The blooms of smoke billowing towards our group quickly pushed us inside. This turned out ok as we were up by the bar at the top of the stadium. Below us in rows were people dining but I didn't check the menu.
The clientele was as expected. There was a mixture of guys, some clearly hardcore gamblers, others just there for fun. Mostly they were the salt of the earth types. The ladies were the attractive, dressed nicely, in a smart casual you want to look at me whilst I drink my beer type. There is also an executive service which separates the corporate rich folk from the mass, wining and dining them in opulent splendour.  
It was inevitable I would have a flutter. I had my race card in hand, and armed with the snippets of advice given by friends I attempted to make a bet. I am a glaring novice in these matters and it showed. As the betting lady and I tried to communicate, me babbling like an idiot, she using slick betting lingo I eventually settled on a 123 reverse. I am a foolish optimistic and a believer that the sun always shines. The dogs came hurtling out of the blocks and I was swept up on the wave of excitement, convinced I would win. Unsure whether to watch the screens or the track and completely unaware of what dogs were the ones I'd bet on, I yelled support anyway. I desperately wanted my £3 stake to magical transform into £36. Races are brief no more than 30sec on average so you have to be attentive. My first two dogs came in as I heard people exclaiming victory others despair. I needed Helenas Rock to make the trio. Although the race was over I was still frantically trying to find out who came third. To my dejection it wasn't Helenas Rock. Gutted! Whatever happened to beginners luck?
I didn't win a single race all night. Nevertheless Wimbledon Dogs is a fun night out that is best enjoyed in groups of all ages and sexes.
