LONDON
Earls Court Arena
Earls Court is but a stone’s throw from the Victoria and Albert Science and Natural History Museums in west London. Established in 1937 it has hosted innumerable conferences, live shows and exhibitions in its 40000 sq. mtrs floor area. Come July it will be the scene for the 2012 Olympics Volleyball competitions set to roll on 28th July.
ExceL
This July the five arenas of the ExCel will showcase 165 events covering weightlifting, judo, taekwondo, boxing, boccia, fencing, table tennis and wrestling competitions of the 2012 Olympic Games starting July. The ExCel, a world famous exhibition centre, is located close to London city airport in East London Docklands region and will host the Games with only slight modifications to existing facilities.
Greenwich Park
Equestrian fans wishing to view the best from all over the world will no doubt make a beeline for the famed Greenwich Park hosting the Equestrian events of the London 2012 Olympics starting in the last week of July. The Park came into being in 1433, covers an area of 183 acres in south East London on the south bank of the Thames.  It is also the venue for the shooting and running sections of the Olympics 2012 Modern Pentathlon event.
Hampton Court Palace
The elegant home of past kings and queens, notably Henry VIII, the famed Hampton Court Palace will witness the grand spectacle of two road cycling events during the London 2012 Olympics scheduled to take place on 1st August. The Palace is located in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames and the cycling events for men and women will pass by, covering parts of Kingston-upon-Thames, Richmond and Surrey.
Hockey Centre
Hockey lovers wanting to see the cream of global hockey talent in action will love to be at the Riverank Arena inside the Olympic Park at the London 2012 Olympics. Scheduled to be held from 29th July to 11th August, the fast paced competitions will provide moments of thrills and excitement for spectators and teams will play it out on two novel London Blue coloured pitches, specifically developed for the Games.
Horse Guards Parade
The Beach Volleyball event of the 2012 London Olympics will start on 28th July and will be played till 9th August in temporary grounds set up at the historic Horse Guards Parade right across St James Park in the heart of Whitehall. The historic venue dates back to 1745 and is the scene of colourful ceremonies down the years, notably the Queen’s official birthday each year.
Hyde Park
Hyde Park will witness the Triathlon events and Marathon Swimming events of the London 2012 Olympic Games on 4th and 7th August. Grandstands for spectators will be erected at the largest and one of the oldest of London’s Royal Park in London’s West End and will be removed once the events are over.
Lords Cricket Ground
The historic Lords Cricket Ground, near Regent’s Park in St. John’s Wood in north west London has been host to record breaking cricket matches since 1814 and come July, it will host the archery events of the London 2012 Olympic games starting 27th July and going on till the 3rd of August. 128 athletes competing in 4 medal events will be keenly watched by spectators in the main stadium as well as the nursery grounds that will have archery ranges set up for the Games.
North Greenwich Arena
The North Greenwich Arena has the distinction of being plumb on the Meridian line in the Olympic Park across the Thames in London. The Arena will host the Olympics 2012 Artistic Gymnastics event from 28th July to 7th August, Basketball from 28th July to 12th August and Trampoline events on 3rd and 4th August.
The Mall
With the Bucking Palace to the west and the Trafalgar Square to its east, the Mall in London will be the center of attention in more ways than one this July-August, and jam packed with spectators. The Olympics 2012 Marathon will be run across the Mall on the 5th and 12th August; the Road Cycling event is scheduled for 28th July and the Race Walk will take place here on 4th and 11th August.
The Royal Artillery Barracks
The Royal Artillery Barracks in south east London, close to Greenwich Park on the edge of Woolwich Common, goes all the way back to 1776. Temporary indoor ranges, outdoor shotgun ranges and spectator stands will be erected for the London 2012 Olympics at this venue hosting the Shooting Competitions. In all, there will be 36 medal events with 390 contestants shooting their way to the gold.
Wembley Arena
Only six miles from the centre of London and located next to the Wembley Stadium, the Wembley Arena will showcase the best the world has to offer in Badminton from 28th July to 5th August and in Rhythmic Gymnastics from 9th to 12th August at the London 2012 Olympics. 6000 spectators will watch with bated breaths as over 200 participants do their best in their quest for the gold.
Wembley Stadium
The biggest of the six stadiums for the London 2012 Olympics, the Wembley Stadium will play host to the final gold medal football events for men and women in the Olympic Games scheduled for Saturday the 11th August. Football fans will not have to worry about inclement weather as the 130 metre tall Wembley Stadium has a sliding roof.
Wimbledon
The iconic Wimbledon near the Kew Garden and Richmond Park in south west London will host the singles, doubles and mixed doubles events of the 2012 Olympics Tennis tournaments from 28th July to 5th August. Spectators will love to watch 172 players competing in 5 medal events at this glorious venue, famed for tennis since 1877.
LONDON 2012
