Cliff Richard
Prince of pop, Cliff Richard, returned to the Manchester Arena on Sat 25 & Sun 26 November.
Check out the reviews of Sir Cliff's fabulous show with your Manchester#39;s top Cliff Richard posts:
Manchesteronline > Posted Mon 27 November
""IS Cliff Richard still alive?" queried my teenage son when I told him I would be reviewing the pop legend's show.
Well, after watching him turn in a slick two hour concert I`m glad to report that not only is the veteran singer still with us but that Cliff's breathtakingly energetic performance would have left the young pretenders in today's charts panting at their microphones.
At 66, Sir Cliff may be eligible to use his bus pass on the Route master he once drove in Summer Holiday . But from the moment his trim figure burst on stage in a toothpaste white suit, the skin on his face as taut as a snare drum, it became clear that this was not a man with retirement on his mind.
With a foot-stomping rendition of My Kind of Life, the years melted away along with the hearts of his middle aged audience, many of whom had squeezed ample chests into tight Cliff t-shirts to pay homage to their idol.
The singer has had more top ten hits than any other British group or solo artist over five decades. How disappointing then that this tour makes only limited nods to the highlights of Cliff`s rich back catalogue.
There was a souped up Move It , and a couple of multi-song sections where scraps of big hits fell into one another like dominoes.
Otherwise, he dished up bland fillers from more recent records including his instantly forgettable yet totally inevitable Yuletide single, 21st Century Christmas.
Mitigated
At times new material was mitigated by tracks from his latest album of classic duets, which saw Cliff teaming up with members of his excellent backing vocalists to bring us old chestnuts such as Anyone Who Had A Heart.
But with no sign of Bachelor Boy or Living Doll on the horizon, it seemed strange that so many of Cliff`s greatest hits had been brushed aside in favour of cover versions.
Fortunately the star ultimately redeemed himself in the sheer polish, variety and energy of his performance.
Wiggled
He schmoozed with the audience, gamely wiggled his improbably tight behind and above all proved he still has ownership of a peerless voice which has maintained its sweet vibrato in the face of passing years .
This was less concert and more TV variety show, a team of enthusiastic backing dancers providing a colourful diversion when some of Cliff`s recent material threatened to claim my will to live.
Wimbledon sing-a-longs, unfashionable Christianity, scary hair and cheesy jackets might make him an easy punchbag.
But watching Cliff Richard hoof it up with dancers young enough to be his grandchildren while delivering dazzling vocals makes you realise that not only is the Peter Pan of Pop alive.
At this rate he could live forever. But he should remember that only his greatest hits will too".
You must be logged in to submit a review
Enter your review below
