Want to like this page?
To interact with Wimbledon Stadium you need to sign up for Facebook first.
It's free and anyone can join. Already a member? Log in .
Description
From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
Wimbledon Greyhound Stadium is a greyhound racing track located in Wimbledon in southwest London , England . It also hosts speedway , stock car and other racing events.
It is arguably the most famous greyhound racing stadium in the UK following the closure of Walthamstow Stadium . The stadium annually hosts the English Greyhound Derby .
Stadium
The facilities include a brick fronted grandstand seating 8,000, and several bars and catering facilities including a waiter-service restaurant. The stadium is surrounded by a large open-air car park. The local football team AFC Wimbledon has mooted a move to the stadium, after the stadium was put up for sale in 2007. Currently however any pitch would be of inadequate size and would impinge upon the existing dog track, so any move would necessitate costly re-building. Wimbledon Greyhound Stadium is currently owned by the Greyhound Racing Association (GRA).
History
Racing was first held on 19 May 1928. The site had been purchased by South London Greyhound Racecourses Ltd who then experienced financial difficulties. W J Cearns, owner of the building fir, put in a large sum of money to help get the stadium up and running. Wimbledon became one of the major tracks of Britain after a new grandstand was constructed to replace the war damaged section of the stadium.
Many famous trainers helped the track gain a first class reputation for good racing including Paddy McEllistrim, Sidney Orton, Joe Harmon and Paddy Fortune. The track originally held the classic race The Laurels and the prestigious race The Puppy Derby . Eventually the Greyhound Racing Association would purchase the stadium and it would hold the English Greyhound Derby following the demise of White City Stadium .
Source
Description above from the Wikipedia article Wimbledon Stadium , licensed under CC-BY-SA full list of contributors here . Community Pages are not affiliated with, or endorsed by, anyone associated with the topic.
