By Abhishek Agarwal
A company which started out in 1946, the Lowe's Home Improvement Company was first a hardware store in a humble municipality and is now included in the Fortune 500 companies within the United States. Employment opportunities under the Lowe's Home Improvement Company are offered in the locations and stores of the said company in over 49 places in the US.
According to the latest tally done in year 2006, there are about 1,400 stores built nationwide. With the stable background that the company has, who can refuse to work under them?
If you happen to be interested in applying for the employment opportunities offered by Lowe's Home Improvement, there are, of course, effective tips that could help you in the process of looking for the suited and best job for you. There are a lot of Lowe's Home Improvement job placements where you can choose to apply. Basically, the company has in-store jobs, distribution employment and corporate careers and some other posts where you can practically choose the kind of work that you would like to have.
For the category under the in-store job opportunities, you can choose from store operations and administrative positions. Also, there are also posts from customer service representatives to human resources staff as well as managers and supervisors. Store operations and administrative positions include credit or SOS coordinator, administrative manager, human resources manager, operations managers, store loss prevention manager, assembler, product service associate, receiving and stocking manager, and loss prevention specialist.
Meanwhile, customer service representatives are usually assigned to take positions like cashier, sales manager,customer service associate,  department manager customer service, department manager sales floor, and installed sales manager. However, if you prefer having corporate careers, the company is also offering jobs that you might be interested with. Careers that you can apply for are related with real estate, business development, contact centers, corporate accounting, business solutions, installed sales, external reporting,  engineering, strategic planning, engagement managers, store operations, and many others. Other options that job seekers may find are related with repairs, construction, distribution, and remodeling.
If you are willing to work for Lowe's home Improvement Company, you can get competitive offers and a lot of benefits. The company offers a fair income for its employees as you want. Also, the company allows their employees to choose their own plans for them to fully grow inside the company. Sample of these plans are vision plans, life insurance, PPO medical plans, flexible spending accounts for child care and health expenses, short term disability, accident plan, sick pay, long term disability, among others.
In addition, prescription drug plan,  pre-paid legal plans, and home and auto insurance are available for their employees. Also, even part-time employees of the company can avail of a medical plan. They also provide expense-paid vacations and holiday trips. They also offer their employees with discount stock purchase plan, 401 K plans, and merchandise discount.
Abhishek is a Career Counselor and he has got some great Career Planning Secrets up his sleeves! Download his FREE 71 Page Ebook, "Career Planning Made Easy!" from his website http://www.Career-Guru.com/769/index.htm . Only limited Free Copies available.
