Justin Milano Home Depot Job Application
Before taking the time to submit a Home Depot job application take the time to visit their main website and look around for a while so you can become familiar with the way they operate.
The best way to approach getting a job there is to make personal contact with the store manager or human resources manager at the store of your choice. Now, not every store will have a human resources manager at your disposal but it will certainly have a store manager as well as assistant store managers. the reason for this approach is simple; it is usually much easier to get hired if you appear in person and make a great first impression rather than submitting a Home Depot online application and waiting for the call.
Many times if a manager or other supervisor takes the time to speak with you and likes you, it will give you the window of opportunity you need to get hired much quicker than if you had merely filled out an application. Of course, if you have some sort of connection through a friend, an acquaintance, or a family member, it would be very wise to approach being introduced to the supervisory staff from that angle. Studies show, because of human nature, that people prefer hiring applicants who are familiar to them because they feel much more comfortable and confident in hiring someone who comes recommended as opposed to hiring a stranger they know nothing about other than the information contained within their app. or job resume.
So, dress yourself in conservative wear and visit the store you hope to work in, and ask a staff member to call the store manager. If that doesn't work ask to speak to an assistant manager; nine times out of ten they will at least be available to address whatever you need, so you'll at least have a chance to introduce yourself and express your interest in a job at Home Depot.
Ask the supervisor if you can speak to the human resources coordinator if there is one available, and make sure you have a few questions to ask such as the timetable for the hiring process, etc.
Although they will more than likely tell you to fill out a Home depot job application while online, you may have already place yourself at a great advantage by contacting them in person. If you make a favorable impression on them before creating your profile online and going ahead with the application, your file may move quicker to the top and you can speed up the hiring process.
