Home Depot
Creating a Tropical Getaway at Home
For people who live in regions where the temperature rarely gets below 50 degrees F.,  it is easy to bring the outdoors inside. You and your guests can relax with a mint julep while enjoying the botanical delights of your own tropical heaven,  both inside and out.
But even if you don't spend your year in the semi-tropic regions,  you can still bring a touch of paradise into your home.
With their bright colors and uniquely shaped blossoms and leaves,  tropical plants have a lush and elegant look to them. Here are some tips to create the most relaxing living room in your neighborhood:
* When setting up a tropical garden inside,  make sure that it gets a lot of sun and the plants stay well watered. You should also consider spritzing the plants lightly with water every few days to mimic the humid environment they would get in their native habitat.
* Buy a selection of tropical plants from the gardening sections of any plant provider,  such as Home Depot. If your budget is small,  add a couple of plants with bright colors and fun forms,  even if they are not truly tropical varieties.
* Buy some pots and add bougainvillea and hibiscus to bring a touch of the Caribbean to your home.
* In the corners of the room that receive less sun,  add pots of fern,  ivy or elephant ears.
* Dutch amaryllis,  originally from Africa,  will add color to your tropical retreat with large pink or red blossoms.
* Add a touch of romance with the Mexican Love Vine. Its rosy,  trumpet-shaped flowers and glossy green leaves add an attractive touch to your indoor garden.
* Ornamental grasses can add nice textures to a small area. They also add color when the flowers aren't blooming.
Include the serenity of water:
Having an indoor waterfall,  whether it is large or small,  can significantly add to the tropical getaway feeling. Indoor waterfalls have the ability to enchant anyone with their gently flowing water sound,  while adding a beautiful and pleasing atmosphere to any area.
Options from a tabletop model to a floor-to-ceiling room divider wall of water are available for the asking,  depending on your budget,  of course.
Negative ions add the feel-good factor:
The negative ions produced by an indoor water fountain have been shown to have a dramatic effect on energy levels and mood. Just like the calm experienced by sitting on a beach listening to the pounding surf,  or watching a fast moving river,  the negative ions in the air can relax you. There are even some studies that have shown negative ions may be an effective treatment for depression.
Negative ions also bond with impurities in the atmosphere like pollen and dust,  causing them to settle harmlessly so they aren't polluting the air you breathe.
Guinea pig questions?
I want to make there life more perfect then ever, I have 2 guinea pigs 6 months old both i'm trying to tame them as much as I can by making them come up to me for carrot bits, i have a coupple questions. I live in south florida and my dog has had fleas for about 4 years now and they are impossible to get rid of, i want my guinea pigs to have floor time but  i dont want them to get fleas. what do i do? and another question do they always need hay? and why? there food has some hay in it like the pellets i buy high quality pellets. I went to every store i can like home depot and walmart and they don't know what a coroplast sheet for a guinea pig c&c cage is, my guinea pig c&c cage is as big as 4 peices across and 2 peices up a decent sized cage is that good enough? how do i poty train them because i have the poty training dish with pellets on 1 side of a cage and they use it half as much and they poop in there igloo, sorry for spazzing out but im worryed im not a good guinea pig owner they run when they see me even though im nice to them please help!!!
Get the answers
You need a year or more of work experience just to get hired for an entry-level job, minimum-wage paying job?
How are inexperienced applicants, inexperienced job seekers supposed to get a job then? and i'm talking about Fast-Food places such as McDonalds, and Grocery Stores, Retail stores such as Walmart, Target, Home-Depot, Lowe's, OSH, Movie Theaters, heck, you need experience just to get hired for a job that is starting at the bottom, people can't start at the bottom anymore with a minimum-wage paying job and work there way up anymore. and I hate it when people bring up the question, what do you like to do, what is your passion, because i'm not focused on a career job yet, i'm not focused on my rest of my life job yet, i just want a minimum-wage, entry-level job.
Get the answers
How do I find a summer job?
I know this sounds like a stupid question but Im getting frustrated. Im 17 with a 2 and a half month summer ahead of me. I got a lifeguarding and instructing license and was planning on getting a job in that but it turns out i got the license a bit after registration ended so thats out of the question. Since ive found that out (fairly recently), ive been scrambling around trying to find any summer job on short notice. Everywhere i go is not hiring. The places I apply to online (eg. home depot) dont reply. My parents dont help at all, they just tell me i should look harder. how do i find a job? I live in Toronto if thats of any significance.
