Blog
Home Depot Hardware Store Job Application
At the time of writing this it doesn’t seem that Home Depot provides a printable job application. To apply for a job at Home Depot, your going to have to fill out a job application at the company website by visiting the link below.
Available Positions at Home Depot: Freight Team Member, Store Manager, Assistant Store Manager, Office Associate, General Warehouse, Sales Associate, Lot Associate, Cashier, Installation Sales, Installation Service, Inventory Control, Transportation Coordinator, Administrative Assistant, Customer Service Coordinator, General Maintenance Associate, Truck Unloading Associate, Stock Associate, Home Décor Representative, Customer Care Supervisor, Paint Sales Rep.
Minimum Age: 18 years old
Hours of Operation: Mon-Sat: 6:00am-10:00pm, Sun: 8:00am-8:00pm
Apply For Jobs: Home Depot Careers
More Information: Working at The Home Depot doesn’t require you to be passionate about home appliances, but it does give you a good paycheck and great job security. You know the company won’t be closing its doors anytime in the near future. You don’t even need to know what type of Home Depot jobs you’d be interested in obtaining. All you really need to know is that you’re interested in working for the company. Of course, you’ll also need to understand how to complete a Home Depot application.
If you’d like to be hired by The Home Depot, visiting the company’s website is one of the first steps to take. Once you’re there, scroll down to the bottom of the home page and look for a small tab that’s labeled “Careers.” It’s just beneath the section of the page called “About The Home Depot.” Click on the “Careers” tab, then go to the center of the new page and click on the tab called “Find Your Fit.” You’ll be taken to another page which has a quiz on the upper right side. Take the quiz to determine which career at The Home Depot would be best for you.
Some of The Home Depot jobs that are available include working in retail, the call center, management or distribution. All of these Home Depot jobs involve interacting with people, either in person or on the telephone. Pleasing its customers is extremely important to The Home Depot, so it’s essential that your customer service skills are up to the task. Throughout most of your shift, you’ll be responding to customers’ questions about merchandise, directing the store’s customers to different areas, and working to provide an enjoyable working and shopping atmosphere.
Typically, there will be more open customer service positions than any other type of job at The Home Depot. You might not need any recent job experience in order to obtain a job at The Home Depot, but that’s especially true if you complete a Home Depot application for a customer service job. If you’re interested in one of The Home Depot jobs in customer service, you’ll need to be able to stand eight to ten hours per day, have a friendly, outgoing personality, know at least a little about most of the store’s products, and feel at home in a fast-moving environment.
Many other people submit Home Depot job applications for management positions at The Home Depot. Be aware that a manager’s schedule can include working nights and on holidays and weekends. In addition to supervising a team of employees, the job duties of Home Depot managers include managing sales, profits and inventory. They must often work in specialty sales, operations and merchandising.
Call center employees can work in various departments, including Installation Sales, Installation Service and the company’s Internet Customer Service Group. Every call center employee must be able to address customer concerns, resolve customer difficulties, understand different types of customers, and know how to handle each type. In general, call center employees must provide great customer service.
You can expect to hear from the company sometime within a few days to a few weeks after you submit your online Home Depot application. In some cases, people aren’t contacted by the company for a few months after submitting their Home Depot application. It all depends on how many Home Depot jobs are open at the time.
Overall, The Home Depot gives you job security, good pay and excellent benefits. Fill out your Home Depot job application today!
