TrustWorthy Hardware
The Home Depot application presents an easy opportunity to apply online for hardware store jobs . Complete and submit The Home Depot online job application form to start work in an exciting industry. Apply online to find meaningful retail employment opportunities with The Home Depot today.
Job Opportunities at The Home Depot
The Home Depot online job application aids prospective workers seeking a new retail, warehouse, or office career. Apply online to receive hiring consideration with The Home Depot now. Complete the online Home Depot application form to find employment opportunities today.
If you want a retail job or hope to begin a rewarding career with an industry-leading company, The Home Depot may need to put you to work immediately. The Home Depot must hire entry-level employees and professional associates to staff part-time vacancies and full-time jobs alike. Prospective workers over the age of 18 may apply online now. Finish the Home Depot employment application to find a new career.
Entry-level workers with The Home Depot often start in retail, warehouse, or office associate jobs. These employees assist experienced workers with necessary tasks and help customers find goods and services. Professional associates often start managerial or administrative careers with The Home Depot. Professional job duties vary greatly according to job title, department, and location.
If you start a Home Depot online application form, you might begin earning the salary and benefits package you seek in a new career. Apply online to receive Home Depot employment consideration. The Home Depot job application form may help you find local employment opportunities today.
Home Depot Job Titles and Salary Info
The Home Depot must fill a variety of full-time jobs and part-time vacancies in retail stores, warehouses, and corporate offices. The company needs to hire both entry-level employees and professional workers to fill these careers. Whether you want a laborer job or hope to begin a management career, The Home Depot may put you to work now. Fill out an online Home Depot job application to find employment opportunities today. The Home Depot often needs to fill the following retail jobs:
Sales Associate – Home Depot sales associates work in various departments in which they retain experience or show significant interest. Home Depot sales workers assist customers with choosing appropriate items for projects and finding products within the large stores. Home Depot sales associates often make starting pay between minimum wage and $12 per hour according to experience. Browse the Home Depot sales associate job description .
Cashier – Cashiers at The Home Depot operate registers typically located at the front of the store. Cashiers ring up final purchases, answer questions, handle money, and complete other assigned tasks. Cashiers typically make near minimum wage to start at Home Depot. Read the Home Depot cashier job description .
Management – The Home Depot requires several tiers of management to operate smoothly. Positions include store manager, assistant manager, department manager, shift supervisor, and team leader. These workers hire new employees, schedule associates, and oversee daily store operations. A manager with The Home Depot typically earns a starting yearly salary between $25,000 and $70,000, depending on job title, department, and managerial experience. Take a look at the Home Depot manager job description to learn about managerial positions with the home improvement store chain.
The Home Depot stores, warehouses, and offices must hire workers to fill various other positions, as well. Applicants may find lot associate, office associate, freight team member, general warehouse associate, after hours truck unloading associate, customer service coordinator, administrative assistant, paint sales associate, installation service associate, or even inventory control associate careers at The Home Depot. Apply online to receive immediate hiring consideration with The Home Depot.
Home Depot Employee Benefits
A Home Depot employee enjoys the job benefits of flexible scheduling, paid job training, and industry-competitive pay rates. Eligible Home Depot workers may receive further employment perks. The Home Depot offers health and wellness, future planning, and additional benefits to qualified workers.
Health and wellness benefits at The Home Depot include medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as prescription drug coverage and flexible spending accounts. Future planning benefits include 401(k) retirement plans and employee stock purchasing plans. Additional work benefits include vacation and holiday pay, tuition reimbursement, adoption assistance, and more employment perks.
The Home Depot Application Video – How to Apply for a Job at The Home Depot:
History
Bernie Marcus and Arthur Blank founded The Home Depot in 1978. Marcus and Blank partnered with Ken Langone, an investment banker, and Pat Farrah, a merchandiser, to open two Home Depot stores in Atlanta, GA, in 1979. The first stores operated similarly to The Home Depot of today and carried an enormous supply of hardware and do-it-yourself goods in large warehouse-style buildings. The Home Depot went public on the NASDAQ in 1981 and moved to the NYSE in 1984. By 1989, The Home Depot operated more than 100 stores. In 1994, The Home Depot opened its first international location in Canada.
Special Services
The Home Depot provides a wide assortment of hardware, lumber, tools, and appliances. Primarily aimed at contractors and do-it-yourself home repairmen, The Home Depot offers several proprietary brands and products from companies, like BEHR, Cub Cadet, LG, RIDGID, Ryobi, and Toro. Knowledgeable Home Depot sales associates assist customers with questions and concerns about home projects, from tile jobs and laminate flooring to plumbing and electrical wiring. The Home Depot even offers a line of eco-smart products designed to assist homeowners seeking to lower electric and water usages or find sustainable and renewable products for the home.
Community Involvement
The Home Depot established The Home Depot Foundation in 2002. The Home Depot Foundation operates as a charitable organization and partners with non-profit organizations in communities across the globe. The Home Depot honors a longstanding corporate tradition of giving back to the communities in which it operates. The company often supports causes designed to assist those less fortunate. The Home Depot recently sponsored a nationwide charitable effort to support U.S. military veterans and plans to invest more than $30 million over three years to support returning soldiers and their families.
Environmental
The Home Depot takes measures to ensure its business impacts the environment as little as possible. The Home Depot purchases wood from Forest Stewardship Council certified wood producers for molding, doors, and dimensional lumber. The Home Depot even provides a line of ecologically-sound products under the Eco Options brand of more than 3,900 items. Eco Options include energy saving light bulbs and fixtures, water conserving taps and faucets, and no and low volatile organic compounds paint products.
International
The Home Depot exists as the largest home improvement retail business in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. The company entered the Canadian retail market in 1994. The Home Depot opened its first Mexican retail store in 2001. The business also operates stores in China. The first Home Depot China stores opened in 2006. The Home Depot sources products for its retail stores from procurement offices located in the U.S., Canada, China, India, and Mexico.
Financial
The Home Depot operates as a publicly traded company and lists on the NYSE under stock ticker HD. The business runs more than 2,200 retail stores worldwide and reports average revenues near $67 billion per year. The Home Depot employs more than 320,000 associates in retail stores, warehouses, and offices across the globe. The retail locations typically offer an average of 105,000 square feet of space, with the largest store covering over 225,000 square feet.
Locations:
