It is easier than ever to invest alongside big-name managers and benefit from their enormous research capabilities.
Here's a look at how the two stacked up:
Home Depot earned 50 cents a share on revenue of $16.82 billion, beating Wall Street, which was looking for a profit of 49 cents a share on revenue of $17.06 billion. Lowe's posted EPS of 34 cents on revenue of $12.19 billion, falling short of forecasts of 36 cents on revenue of $12.54 billion.
>Lowe's Woes: Bad Weather or Housing Market?
Home Depot reported same-store sales decline 0.6% versus Lowe's 3.3% decrease.
Home Depot raised its guidance to $2.24 a share from a prior outlook of $2.20, while Lowe's trimmed its forcest to the range of $1.56 a share to $1.64 a share, from its prior outlook of $1.60 to $1.72 a share.
"As we have been consistently highlighting in our annual spring trek around the country visiting Home Depot and Lowe's stores, Big Orange continues to out-executive Lowe's by driving better traffic and ticket through sharper merchandising, advertising and execution," J.P. Morgan analyst Christopher Horvers wrote in a note.
While Lowe's insisted on its conference call that it scooped up market share during the first quarter, Wall Street Strategies analyst Brian Sozzi says he is under the impression that Home Depot is really leading market share gains.
Home Depot's entrenched position in the commercial building market must also not be discounted, as Lowe's struggles to find its footing in the space, Sozzi notes.
"Is there room for both Home Depot and Lowe's to dance in the home improvement marketplace? The answer is yes," Sozzi wrote in a note. "We have a buy rating on Lowe's based on valuation, which basically means there is a runway for improved operating performance in 2011 that is not priced into the stock. Home Depot, on the other hand, continues to surprise on earnings despite tougher margin comparisons and sell-side estimates."
But there is still concern in the market that the surprise sales dip posted by both companies is indicative of more than a case of bad weather, and could be a red flag regarding the health of the housing market.
On Tuesday, the Commerce Department reported that homebuilders began construction on 10.6% fewer homes in April , worse than expected, while applications for building permits dropped 4%.
--Written by Jeanine Poggi in New York.
>To contact the writer of this article, click here: Jeanine Poggi .
>To follow the writer on Twitter, go to http://twitter.com/jpoggi .
>To submit a news tip, send an email to: tips@thestreet.com .
>To order reprints of this article, click here: Reprints
