Home Depot
Home Depot was founded in 1978 by Bernie Marcus, Arthur Blank, Ken Langone and Pat Farrah.  The first two Home Depot stores opened on June 22, 1979, in Atlanta, Georgia.  Since that time, Home Depot has gone from the original stores to $73.1 Billion in sales. A part of the Home Depot’s success was built with its highly visible sponsorship presence in sports.  They sponsor U.S. Olympic teams, NASCAR drivers and are the NFL’s home improvement sponsor. One of Home Depot’s founders, Arthur Blank purchased the Atlanta Falcons in 2002.
Home Depot’s caters to both Professional contractors and the do-it-yourself crowd.  Professional customers have access to loyalty, direct shipping and credit programs. They also encourage contractor participation through their affiliate programs.  Home Depot’s do-it yourself customers also get special treatment. Sales associates undergo rigorous product knowledge training and are able to educate customers on the tools needed to make specific jobs easier and how to use them effectively. They also offer customers home renovation options through pre-screened referrals on independent contractors for installation services such as floors, roofs, windows, water heaters, kitchen cabinets, vinyl siding and more.
Home Depot is deeply involved in charitable work and environmental concerns. They set up the Home Depot Foundation, which supports causes such as Habitat for Humanity, KaBoom playground construction and countless of other local charities around Home Depot stores. The HDF donated over $10 million to the recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina. They promote eco-friendly products by selling over 3,000 products with an eco-friendly label that supports energy conservation, sustained forestry and clean water. Their stores offer Eco Option products for green living remodeling and they have committed to help build 100,000 green affordable homes and plant 3 million trees within 10 years.
Home Depot carries exclusive brands through strategic partnerships with industry leading manufactures such as American Craftsman by Andersen, BEHR Paint, Brinkmann Outdoor Grills and Supplies, CHEM-DRY, Distinctions Cabinetry, Feather River Doors, G.E. Water Heaters, Glacier Bay, Homelite, Legacy Doors, Martha Stewart Living, Millstead, Pegasus, SharkBite, Ryobi, Thomasville and Vigoro.  Home Depot also has reliable house brands such as Commercial Electric, Eco Options, Hampton Bay, Husky, n:vision and Workforce. Go online at www.homedepot.com to find more information.
