"Whirlpool" (Appliances)
[ edit ] Lowe's Build and Grow clinics
Lowe's Build and Grow clinics are free workshops for children put on by Lowe's on the second and fourth Saturday of each month.
These workshops are free of charge and allow children and their parents an opportunity to experience the joy of building things hands on. Children have a new project at each clinic. They are given an apron and a patch for each project completed. Projects include building boxes, napkin holders, toys such as a dinosaur, and holiday-themed items.
This article appears to be written like an advertisement . Please help improve it by rewriting promotional content from a neutral point of view and removing any inappropriate external links .
(December 2011)
Lowe's has won eight consecutive ENERGY STAR awards (2003–2010), including four ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year awards for educating consumers about the benefits of energy efficiency. On March 1, 2010 Lowe's also became the first winner of the ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award in Retail. The award recognizes Lowe's long-standing leadership as a retailer of energy-efficient products. Lowe’s was awarded for its outstanding contribution to reducing greenhouse gas emissions through promoting energy-efficient products and educating consumers and employees on the value of the Energy Star program. [12] In 2000, Lowe’s released a policy promising that all wood products sold would not be sourced from rainforests. "Our new environmental policy represents a major victory for the forests and our customers," said Bob Tillman, Chairman and CEO of Lowe's. "Our customers expect Lowe's to deliver the best quality lumber and wood products that have been responsibly harvested and produced by our suppliers." [13] However according to a new report released by the Environmental Investigation Agency, wood used in flooring that Lowe’s has been selling is coming from the forests of Indonesia’s remote Papua Province, where 80 percent of logging is estimated to be illegal. [14] As part of Lowe's ongoing effort to preserve the environment, the company uses direct deposit for its payroll. Employees without a bank account receive a Chase Payroll Card. As of 5/2010, over 250,000 Lowe's employees participate in direct deposit.
[ edit ] Advertising and sponsorships
In 2006, Lowe's partnered with designer Marianne Cusato to develop and offer affordable house plans for the hurricane-affected Gulf region. Lowe's is the exclusive retailer for both the plans and building materials for the Lowe's Katrina Cottage . They offer easy construction and affordability, as well as the possibility of expansion. Moreover, they meet all international building codes and exceed hurricane codes. [15]
Lowe's has a wide variety of television and radio commercials. A significant number of different racing-inspired commercials can be seen and are often played outside of television race coverage. Gene Hackman 's voice can be heard on many commercial advertisements for Lowe's. However, Ben Yannette is currently doing the Lowe's advertising campaign voice-overs. [16]
In 2006, Lowe's began sponsoring the radio broadcast booth of the New York Yankees . Frequently during every game Yankees announcer John Sterling states "We are coming to you live from the Lowe's Broadcast Booth. Lowe's: Let's build something together."[ citation needed ]. The tag line has been changed in September 2011 to 'Never Stop Improving'.
[ edit ] Racing sponsorships
Lowe's purchased naming rights of Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina , in 1998, and the speedway changed names to Lowe's Motor Speedway. After the ten year naming rights expired, Lowe's extended naming rights by one year. After the one year extension expired, Lowe's discontinued naming rights, and as of the 2010 racing season the racetrack returned to its original name. Lowe's is an associate sponsor of several Speedway Motorsports, Inc. properties such as Atlanta Motor Speedway and Bristol Motor Speedway .
The corporation is the primary sponsor for five-time NASCAR Sprint Cup champion Jimmie Johnson in the #48 Chevrolet Impala SS and it was a part time sponsor of the former #5 Nationwide Series team; both teams are owned by Hendrick Motorsports . Prior to the current sponsorship deal with Hendrick Motorsports , Lowe's was the sponsor of the #31 Chevrolet for Richard Childress Racing driven by Mike Skinner and Robby Gordon from 1997 to 2001. Prior to the RCR deal, Lowe's was the primary sponsor of the #11 Ford driven by Brett Bodine for Junior Johnson & Associates , and later, Brett's own team, Brett Bodine Racing (after Bodine bought the #11 team from Johnson).
Lowe's also sponsors Fernandez Racing in the American Le Mans Series and previously sponsored the team in the Rolex Sports Car Series ; in that series, Lowe's sponsors the #99 Gainsco Stallings Racing Pontiac in events where Johnson is driving.
[ edit ] All-American Muslim advertising controversy
Lowe's withdrew its advertising from the TLC reality television show All-American Muslim in December 2011. [17] One organization that criticized the show was the Florida Family Association , which claimed that the TV show was "propaganda that riskily hides the Islamic agenda's clear and present danger to American liberties and traditional values." [18] A spokesperson for Lowe's said that "we understand the program raised concerns, complaints, or issues from multiple sides of the viewer spectrum, which we found after doing research of news articles and blogs covering the show." [17]
Lowe's faced a backlash from several quarters, including Muslim-American and Arab-American organizations. The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee called upon members to contact Lowe's to urge it to reverse its position. [19] The Los Angeles chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations met to consider possible actions, including boycotts and protests. [20] Several celebrities also called for a boycott. [20] California State Senator Ted Lieu called Lowe's decision "naked religious bigotry" and said he would consider legislative action if Lowe's did not apologize to Muslim-Americans and reinstate the ads. [18] Abraham Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League expressed similar views. [21] Keith Ellison , the first Muslim elected to the United States Congress , criticized Lowe's decision to "uphold the beliefs of a fringe hate group and not the creed of the 1st Amendment." [20] Representative John Conyers of Michigan called on Lowe's to apologize. Michigan state representative Rashida Tlaib contacted the company's corporate headquarters, reporting that Lowe's declined to change its decision. [19]
[ edit ] Canada
Based in Toronto , Ontario , Lowe's opened its first three stores in Canada on December 10, 2007, in Hamilton , Brampton and Brantford . On February 1, 2008, they opened three more stores in Toronto , East Gwillimbury and a second store in Brampton as well as a new location in Maple (Vaughan). [22] Currently, additional stores are under construction, with 19 now open in the province of Ontario. Lowe's also recently announced expansion into Western Canada, starting with three new stores in Calgary , Alberta . One of the three locations opened in late September 2010. The other two are projected to open in early 2011.
Each store represents an average investment of $20.5 million ($20.4 million USD). [23]
[ edit ] Australia
Trading as Masters Home Improvement , the first store opened in Braybrook, Victoria to tradesmen on 31 August 2011, and the general public on 1 September 2011. Masters is a joint venture of the Lowe's Companies Inc. and Woolworths Limited to compete against Wesfarmers' owned Bunnings Warehouse which operate in the large bigbox format similar to Lowe's and Home Depot.
The stores will be 1/3 owned by Lowe's Companies Inc.(USA) and 2/3 owned by Woolworths Limited (Australian Owned Public Company Listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) .
[ edit ] Lawsuits
Lowe's was involved in a small cluster of class action lawsuits , that all revolve around Lowe's employee payment system. The cases focused on a pay practice known as "variable rate overtime". Variable rate overtime has the effect of paying a decreasing overtime rate the more hours a person works in a week. The suits alleged that salaried managers who worked between 40 and 50 hours per week, were improperly compensated for that time. The variable rate overtime ended in the first quarter of 2006.
The first case was filed in October 2002 by employees of the Lowe's store in Shawnee, Kansas . In September 2005, the cases were certified as class action. Lowe's has four similar cases in New York , Indiana , Pennsylvania and Ohio . The lawsuits for New York, Indiana and Kansas resulted in an out-of-court settlement on September 22, 2006. [24]
The lawsuit in Pennsylvania became a class-action lawsuit in June 2004, with 550 employees. [25] [26] The case in Ohio was filed by ten former Lowe’s employees, in August 2004. [27]
Lowe's is still facing multiple lawsuits from its Loss Prevention Managers citing that they were misclassified as exempt employees and therefore denied overtime pay. The managers assert that they were forced to work a minimum of 48 hours per week which saved Lowe's and its investors, millions of dollars every year. Lawsuits have been settled for $2.95M in California and $6.2M in Texas .
