Chile                                                       1.26
Lowes also offers the following wood alternative products: ChoiceDek engineered components made from
reclaimed oak and plastic; recycled rubber mulch that uses old tires; Medium Density Fiberboard, a by-product of
manufacturing processes and used in products such as 2x4s; and plantation grown rubberwood in which older hevea
trees are used in making wood products.
Lowe‟s has a reputation for honesty, social responsibility, and ethical dealings. The company expects each
employee to act “1) in accordance with the law, 2) with full consideration of the Company‟s rights, interests and
ethical responsibilities, 3) to protect his own good reputation and also that of the Company, and 4) to scrupulously
avoid transactions or situations in which his own interests conflict or could be construed to conflict with those of the
Company.”30 Lowe‟s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to every employee and director and covers such
46
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                                Volume 4, Number 2
topics as conflicts of interest, confidentiality, fair dealing, protection and use of company assets, compliance with
laws and regulations, and reporting of illegal or unethical behavior.
FINANCES
Although sales fell short of the company‟s goal, fiscal year ending February 2, 2007, was a strong year for
Lowe‟s Companies. The company reported 8.5 percent net sales growth and 12 percent net earnings growth, but
comparable store sales were flat for the year. Although 9 out of 21 regions showed an increase for the year, stores in
the Northeast, Florida, and California and other regions were subject to the slowdown in housing that occurred in
2006. Lowe‟s gained market share in all 20 of its product categories during the year. Only 11 out of the 20 product
categories experience an increase in comparable store sales during 2006. Product categories that performed above
average in comparable store sales were: rough plumbing, building materials, rough electrical, home environment,
paint, fashion plumbing, flooring, nursery, seasonal living, and lawn & landscape. Outdoor power equipment and
lumber product categories experienced the greatest comparable store sales decline. The company imported about
11% of its products in 2006 compared to 9.5% in 2005.
Company managers believe there is long term growth and profit potential. The R3 initiative was
implemented over the past 2 years and has included numerous supply chain enhancements that will allow the
company to operate more efficiently.
During 2007, Lowe‟s expects to open 150-160 stores. There is a continued commitment to invest in
existing stores to keep them up-to-date. The company will spend $1.3 billion during 2007 and 2008 to remodel and
enhance these stores. During 2006 a new in-home selling model for installation projects like roofing, siding,
fencing, and millwork was tested. Initial results were positive and the tests will be expanded in 2007. A new order
system to automate the Special Order process was implemented in 2006. Also in 2006 the online kitchen design
center was implemented and over 12,000 customers have already used the center to design their new kitchen.
Company managers expect a better year in 2007 as the housing slowdown bottoms out and begins to improve and as
lumber and plywood prices begin to improve.
The following are 2006 fiscal year end financial reports.31
47
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008        Volume 4, Number 2
48
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008        Volume 4, Number 2
49
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                              Volume 4, Number 2
COMPETITORS
Lowe‟s major competitors are Home Depot, Menard, and True Value stores.
Home Depot
Home Depot is the world‟s largest home improvement chain, the largest retailer in the world, and the
second largest retailer in the U.S. The first Home Depot store was opened June 22, 1979, in Atlanta, Georgia, and
offered about 25,000 products for sale. Today Home Depot has 2,170 stores in all 50 states, 150 stores in Canada,
61 stores in Mexico, and stores in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. The company entered the Chinese market in
2006 with its acquisition of The Home Way. Between 400 and 500 new stores are planned to open by 2010. The
company offers over 40,000 items for sale and the average store size is 105,000 square feet. The company also
operates 34 EXPO Design Centers, 11 Home Depot Landscape Supply Stores, and two Home Depot Floor Stores.
With 364,000 employees, Home Depot is the world‟s leading employer of Olympic and Paralympic athletes. 32 In
2006, the company continued to differentiate itself from its competitors by introducing the most comprehensive
lineup of top brand lawn tractors and mowers; launched an expanded outdoor living assortment; launched an
exclusive lineup of lithium-ion power tools; and launched the LG® SteamWasher and the Maytag® Epic™ washer
and dryer.     The company‟s three main customer groups are the do-it-yourselfer, the do-it-for-me, and the
professional. To enhance its product selection, the company has developed strategic alliances and exclusive
relationships with suppliers to market a variety of well-known brand names. Home Depot is growing its service
business that includes roofing, flooring, and kitchen fixture installation and is growing its Home Depot Supply
business that focuses on professional builders. By 2010 the company expects that 6% of its revenue will be derived
from services and 20% derived by the Home Depot Supply business. To maintain high quality products, the
company sources directly from the manufacturer. To help find new opportunities to include foreign products in its
inventory, the company operates four sourcing offices in China -- Shanghai, Shenzhen, Dalian, and Chengdu -- and
one office Gurgaon, India. To maintain a cost efficient supply chain, the company operates 18 import distribution
centers and 30 lumber distribution centers in the U.S. and Canada. Over 22,000,000 customers visit the Home
Depot stores each week.
True Value
True Value is one of the largest hardware cooperatives in the world. Although owned by entrepreneurs and
independently operated, membership in the coop gives store owners a great deal of buying power that allows them to
compete effectively with major retailers such as Home Depot and Lowe‟s. True Value first began in 1947 when
John Cotter, a traveling hardware salesman, joined with Ed Lanctot to start a hardware coop. The company grew
and by 1989 there were about 7,000 True Value Stores. The company expanded to Canada in 1992 when it acquired
Macleod-Stedman. In 1997, Cotter and Company merged with ServiStar Coast to Coast that had 2,800 dealers. In
1999, True Value lost $131 million, cut 1,000 jobs and attempted to convert all of its hardware stores chains to the
True Value banner (only 1,900 ServiStar stores made the change). Sales continued to decline through 2002 and in
January 2003 the company received $125 million in financing from W.P. Carey & Co. To decrease costs the
company quit its manufacturing operations in 1995 and sold its oil-based paint manufacturing in 2005.33 Today,
True Value Company has about 6,200 stores in 54 countries, 12 regional distribution centers, 3,000 associates and
reported over $2.05 billion in revenue for 2006. 34 Comparable company stores sales increased 1.6% in 2006 and,
internationally, the company grew 11.8%.
Menard
John Menard founded Menard in 1972 and today has 210 stores in Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan,
Minnesota, Nebraska, North and South Dakota, Ohio, and Wisconsin. The company sells home improvement
products and is the third-largest home improvement chain in the U.S. In order to remain competitive, Menard began
opening larger stores – about 162,000 square feet -- in 2000 when Lowe‟s began moving in the Chicago market. In
2003, Menard opened a 225,000 square foot store in Indiana and in 2005 opened a 250,000 square foot store in
Minnesota. In 2007, the company is building two door manufacturing plants, one in Iowa and one in Ohio. Since
50
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                                  Volume 4, Number 2
1995, this privately held company has been plagued by lawsuits filed by customers for false arrest and imprisonment
for shoplifting, fines for dumping bags of toxic ash at residential trash pick-up sites rather than at regulated outlets,
and owes back taxes and fines because John Menard was paid too high a salary in 1998. 35 John Menard also owns
Team Menard, an Indy car-racing team.
The following provides selected financial and competitive information for top competitors in the home
improvement industry. 36
Lowe’s       Home Depot          Menard*          True Value 37        Industry
Annual sales ($ mil.)          46,929.0       90,837.0            6,500.0           2,050.0
Employees                 210,000         364,000            35,000             2,800
Gross Profit Margin             34.5%           32.8%                                11.4%              31.7%
Net Profit Margin              6.60%           6.30%                                 2.3%               3.6%
Return on Equity               20.7%           22.2%                                                   20.7%
Return on Assets               11.8%           11.9%                                                   10.0%
Current Ratio                 1.27            1.39                                 1.31               1.79
Leverage Ratio                0.16            0.22                                                    0.24
Total Debt/Equity               0.28            0.47                                                    0.47
*2005 is most recent information available
LOWE’S COMPANIES INC.
TEACHING NOTE
Overview
Lowe‟s Companies is the #2 firm in the home improvement industry behind The Home Depot. By mid-
2007, Lowe‟s operates over 1,385 stores in 49 states and 11 regional distribution centers with plans to enter the
Canadian market in 2007 and the Mexican market in 2009. It employs 157,000 full-time and 53,000 part-time
people and serves about 13 million customers per week. Fiscal Year End (February 2, 2007) sales were $46.927
billion and earnings were $3.105 billion. Lowe‟s focuses on the do-it-yourselfer and the do-it-for-me retail
customers as well as building professionals. To better service this set of customers, the company offers installation
services, provides customers with the opportunity to order unique items not stocked in the store, and provides one-
stop shopping for commercial customers. Lowe‟s offers everyday low prices to customers and financing via a
proprietary credit card and Lowe‟s project card.       The company is currently pursuing opportunities to better
serve the growing Hispanic and African-American customers.
Lowe‟s carries over 40,000 products in its stores many of which are brand-name merchandise. Products
are purchased from 7,000 vendors worldwide. The 11 regional distribution centers ensure that store inventory levels
are maintained. Numerous marketing channels are used to reach out to customers. Television is used to build brand
awareness, newspapers and magazine ads remind customers of the every day low price promise and product
selection, internet and email are used to share information, and direct mail campaigns are used to develop
relationships with current and potential customers. Lowe‟s is highly committed to being a good corporate neighbor
by supporting entities such as Habitat for Humanity and the American Red Cross. In addition, the company is
conservation-minded and is phasing out wood purchases from endangered forests.
The home improvement industry has experienced about 9% growth in recent years but it is predicted annual
growth will be about 4-5% in the next 5 years. There are approximately 41,600 stores in the industry. Three types
of stores have been identified: hardware stores, home improvement centers, and lumber/building material outlets.
Numerous macroenvironmental changes are affecting the industry: changes in bankruptcy laws and credit
criteria, personal income growth, employment growth, demographic trends relating to Generation X and Generation
51
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                              Volume 4, Number 2
Y home buyers, and changes in technology that affect home products. Internationally, European firms are beginning
to expand to markets outside of the EU and the Chinese home ownership market is growing.
The Home Depot, True Value, and Menards are considered direct competitors of Lowe‟s.
Suggestions For Using The Case
The case is ideally suited for a Strategic Management course but might also be considered for a Principles
of Management course. The industry information provided in the case would allow students to apply industry
analysis tools such as identifying industry characteristics, Five Forces competitive analysis, macro-environmental
analysis, and key success factors. There is an overview of 3 major competitors so it may be possible to complete a
strategic group map analysis. With the company information, a SWOT and financial analysis can be conducted. In
addition, the case can provide a basis for discussing a fragmented industry and appropriate competitive strategies.
Because Lowe‟s is the #2 company in the industry, it would be appropriate to discuss „follower strategies‟.
Teaching Objectives And Suggested Assignment Questions
Objectives:
Apply tools to analyze the industry environment
Apply tools to analyze the internal operations of the company
Assess the success of the company and how well its operations match the industry environment
Assignment Questions:
What is the home improvement industry like? What are the characteristics of the industry?
What macroenvironmental forces are driving changes in the industry?
What information does a Five Forces competitive analysis of the industry provide?
What information does a SWOT analysis provide about the condition of Lowe‟s Companies and its internal
operations?
What is your assessment of Lowe‟s financial condition?
What is Lowe‟s competitive strategy? Is this an appropriate strategy for a follower firm in the home
improvement industry? Can Lowe‟s continue to successfully compete with The Home Depot?
Teaching Outline And Analysis
1.      What is the home improvement industry like? What are the characteristics of the industry?
Market size: The home improvement industry has $312 billion in sales in 2006.
Growth rate: The industry has been growing at a rate of 8 to 9 percent, but future annual growth rate is
expected to be 4 to 5 percent. This suggests the industry is moving from a growth stage into a maturing
stage.
Products: hardware, hand and power tools, plumbing/heating products, electrical supplies, paint supplies,
home decorating products, and lawn & garden products. Home improvement centers and lumber/building
materials outlets also sell lumber products.
Rivals: There are over 41,600 stores in the U.S. Twenty-five of the largest companies have 51% of the
market share.
Market segments: The industry has 3 types of stores. 1) Hardware stores that are smaller in size and serve
neighborhoods. Major competitors are True Value, Ace, Do It Best, Trustworth, Sentry, and Pro. 2) Home
Improvement Centers are over 100,000 square feet and offer a wide range of products relating to home
repair, maintenance, and improvement. Major competitors are Lowe‟s, Home Depot, and Menard‟s. 3)
Lumber/building material outlets obtain 70-80% of their sales from lumber building materials. Major
52
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                               Volume 4, Number 2
competitors include 84 Lumber, Lanoga, Stock Building Supply, BMC West, Sutherland Lumber, and
Foxworth-Galbraith.
Scope of Rivalry: Although there are some national chains present in the industry, the geographic area of
competition is local.
Buyers: Two main buyer segments for the industry are retail home-owner customer and professionals. The
retail customer falls into two categories of either a do-it-yourselfer or a do-it-for-me. Professionals can
include builders, remodelers, and property managers.
2.      What macro-environmental forces are driving changes in the industry?
Economic forces: Changes in bankruptcy laws in the fall of 2005, higher interest rates, and tightening of
credit criteria by lending institutions may decrease the number of home buyers. Industry reports indicate
that the majority of home improvement spending by individuals occurs within the first six months of home
ownership. Personal income is expected to grow 3.4% in 2006 which has a positive impact on the industry.
High employment levels also have a positive impact on the industry. Record levels of home ownership
have a positive impact on the industry.
Demographics trends: Generation Xers are buying homes at younger ages than their parents did.
Generation Yers will begin entering the home ownership market in 2007. Continuing high levels of
immigration raises the potential of home buyers in the market. Baby boomers are remodeling and buying
second homes. Single women are buying homes.
International/foreign markets: European home improvement companies are beginning to expand outside
of the EU. Specifically, Kingfisher (U.K. firm) is expected to expand into the Chinese market. Chinese
home ownership laws are changing allowing creating large numbers of potential home buyers. Because
flooring, appliances and fixtures are not included in new homes in China, the buyers will need to purchase
and install these items.
Technology: Consumers and home owners are much more energy conscious and are demanding more
energy efficient appliances and home products such as windows, insulation, doors, water heaters and
furnaces. Technology proficient home buyers/owners request Smart Home Technology be installed in
homes. New technology is creating new products for the home. Ovens and refrigerators have smart
technology; digital one-touch programming for spa-like baths and steam showers is available; toilets can be
heated, self-cleaning, or self-closing; washers and dryers offer features such as a steam cycle and humidity
sensors.
3.      What information does a Five Forces Competitive analysis of the industry provide?
Using the Five Forces model provides an analysis of the competitive environment of the industry.
Rivalry among competing sellers: High
Price competition is especially prevalent in the home improvement center segment of the industry and there
is a great deal of advertising in this segment. Industry members are continually striving to offer new
services (such as installation) and new products to attract customers. Buyer demand is beginning to slow.
Buyer switching costs are low.
Potential Entry of New Competitors: Low to Moderate
Economies of scale are not necessary in this industry, however, power to demand lower prices from
product suppliers allows firms to compete on price. There is limited customer loyalty in the industry.
Capital requirements to enter the industry are somewhat high, even on a local level – it is necessary to have
a building large enough to carry a vast range of products and inventory levels are necessarily high. Capital
requirements to enter on a national level and compete with home improvement chains would be quite high.
Although profit levels are attractive, industry growth rates are expected to slow. Industry predictions
indicate fewer numbers of stores by 2009. Although new entry is possible it is not highly likely.
53
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                             Volume 4, Number 2
Competitive Pressures from Substitute Products: Moderate-High
Some possible substitutes would include stores outside of the specific home improvement industry that
offer the same products would include Wal-Mart, Target, CostCo, wholesalers, brand name stores (such as
Maytag appliances, Sherwin Williams paints, etc.), independent stores specializing in one home
improvement product (such as nurseries for garden products, home decorating stores, carpet stores for floor
products, etc.). Customers could also go to trained professionals such as electricians, plumbers, carpet
layers especially for installation services.
Substitute products can be comparably priced and offer similar products. Some substitute products may be
able to offer better customer service/expertise. End users have low switching costs.
Competitive Pressures from Supplier Bargaining power:
For chain stores or stores belonging to a cooperative, supplier bargaining power would be lower. There are
many choices or brands of products for companies to carry (note: Lowe‟s buys from over 7,000 vendors).
Company switching costs are low unless the supplier provides private label products. There are few
substitutes for hardware products.
For independent hardware stores supplier bargaining power would be higher. These companies do not buy
in large quantities, switching costs may be higher, and there are few good substitute products.
Competitive Pressures from Buyer Bargaining Power:
Professionals: Builders may have higher bargaining power because of potential future purchases or may
have large orders, are well-informed, and have low switching costs.
Retail customers: Customers will typically have lower power because purchases are infrequent and in
small quantities. However, growth rate (buyer demand) is expected to decline, switching costs are low, and
consumers can often choose to delay the purchase of an item.
Overall, even though rivalry is high in this industry, the industry continues to be attractive. Chain
companies, such as Lowe‟s, and cooperatives have power over suppliers; substitutes are a moderate threat, but it is
apparent that home improvement/hardware stores can successfully compete with substitutes; there is a limited threat
of new entrants into the industry; and there are many market and customer segments to be served by firms in this
industry.
4.      What information does a SWOT analysis provide about the operations at Lowe’s Companies?
Lowe‟s appears to be a very well run company that has many strengths, but few weaknesses.
Strengths:
Joint ventures and partnerships with firms such as Snap-on tools
Located in 49 states
11 regional distribution centers to serve stores
$46.927 Billion in sales for FYE 2006
$3.105 billion in earnings for FYE 2006
Ranked #45 on the 2007 Fortune 500 list
Named one of Forbe’s best managed companies in America
Rated one of the top 10 companies offering opportunities to Hispanics by Hispanic Magazine
Serves over 13 million customers each week
Guarantees everyday low prices
Good vision statement
Appropriate growth plans for the future (the market will bear the new stores, the company can finance
them)
Two types of stores for two different markets: 116,000 square foot stores for large markets and 94,000
square foot stores for smaller markets
54
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                               Volume 4, Number 2
Aware of shifts in the market – for example Lowe‟s offers installation services in over 40 categories for the
fairly new market segment the do-it-for-me customer
Offers a Special Order Sales program
Works closely with professional to provide one-stop shopping needs – contractor packs, job-site delivery,
special web site, fax or phone orders for same day pickup.
Financing for customers through proprietary credit card, project card
Services and information for Hispanic and African-American customer
Sells over 40,000 products
Offers many name brand products
Shares order information electronically with suppliers
Buys direct from manufacturer when possible
Implemented the Rapid Response Replenishment (R3) initiative
Uses numerous marketing channels to reach customers – television, newspapers, magazines, direct mail,
internet, & email.
Numerous benefits for both full time and part time employees
Training of employees so they have good product knowledge and can better help customers
Code of Ethics
Social Responsibility – supports Habitat for Humanity and the American Red Cross. The company also has
a Home Safety Council, Charitable and Education Foundation, and Employee Relief Fund.
The company saves energy whenever possible
Recycles
High standard for wood procurement – decreasing purchases from endangered forests
Financially strong: 8.5% sales growth, 12% net earning growth
Weaknesses:
# 2 firm in the industry
Limited information about how technology is used at distribution centers – may be possibilities for bar
codes, automatic order filling capabilities, etc.
Flat comparable store sales
Untapped markets such as rural areas, bedroom communities, urban areas
Personal income is expected to grow
Employment growth
High levels of home ownership
Generation X home buyers
Generation Y individuals may begin buying homes by 2007
Single women purchasing homes
Growing number of Hispanics and African Americans becoming home buyers
Home ownership in China is now allowed
Developing countries that have a growing middle class or increased affluence
New technology used in home products and appliances
New kinds of building materials
Trend among home buyers to have more personal home designs
Trend among home buyers to request smart home technology, home offices, outdoor living spaces, finished
basements, home theaters
More customers using the internet to shop and obtain information
55
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                                 Volume 4, Number 2
Threats:
41,600 competitors – Independent stores that offer customer service; other chain stores
Predicted future growth of only 4-5% annually
Predicted fewer number of stores by 2009
High interest rates
Tightening of credit criteria by lenders
Substitute products
5.         What is your assessment of Lowe’s financial condition?
Lowe‟s appears to be in solid financial condition
Lowe‟s has beaten the industry average for many profitability ratios.
Other ratios indicate the company fairs well when compared to industry averages.
2006 FYE sales                      $43,243.0 million
1 year sales growth:                 8,5%             Industry:        8.5%
1 year net income growth:           12.3%             Industry:         6.2%
36 month revenue growth:            52.2%             Industry:       52.2%
36 month net income growth:         65.4%             Industry:       65.4%
Key financial statistics for FYE 2006 (dated February 2, 2007) include:
Gross Profit Margin:       34.50                      Industry:           31.70%
Net Profit margin:         6.60%                      Industry:           3.60%
Return on Assets:          11.8%                      Industry:           10.0%
Return on Equity:          20.7%                      Industry:           20.7%
Inventory Turn:            4.5 Industry:           4.9
Current Ratio:             1.27                       Industry:           1.79
Quick Ratio:               0.2                        Industry:           1.1
Total Debt/Equity          .28                        Industry:           0.47
Stock price (June 2006 to June 2007):
52 week high               $35.74
52 week low                $26.15
P/E ratio 16.55
6.         What is Lowe’s competitive strategy? Is this an appropriate strategy for a follower firm in the home
improvement industry? Can Lowe’s continue to successfully compete with The Home Depot?
Lowe‟s competitive business level strategy is a low cost provider.     Lowe‟s is able to keep costs low
through by purchasing in large quantities from suppliers, buying directly from manufacturers, using technology to
control costs, and setting up distribution centers to service area stores.
As a follower (#2 in the industry), a firm should not be implementing the same strategy as the market
leader. In this case The Home Depot is implementing a low cost provider strategy but focuses on serving the do-it-
yourself consumer buyer. Home Depot is also developing more in the international markets. Lowe‟s customer
focus is on the professional, the do-it-yourself consumer, and the do-it-for-me consumer. Lowe‟s expansion plans
are for domestic expansion with a small movement into the Canadian market in 2007 and the Mexican market in
2009. In some cases, Lowe‟s is on the cutting edge of market trends with Home Depot employing a follower
56
Journal of Business Case Studies – February 2008                                                     Volume 4, Number 2
strategy. This has happened in the installation services area. Menard‟s, as #3 in the market, is implementing a
focused low cost strategy by maintaining its presence in the mid-west region.
To date, it appears that Lowe‟s is successfully competing with Home Depot in the home improvement
market. Financial results (comparing ratios) are similar. Neither firm is reporting any problems such as sales
declines, legal issues, customer declines, etc.
1
Do-It Yourself Retailing, Annual Report, December 2005
2
National Retail Hardware Association/Home Center Institute Report
3
Financial Times UK, Companies the Americas: Door closes on boom times for DIY stores, May 22, 2006
4
Waters, Jennifer, Marketwatch, Lowe’s sees trend of housing normalization, May 22, 2006.
5
Biesada, Alex, Hoovers On-line, Home improvement & Hardware Retail, 2006
6
Building online (July 28, 2006). HIRI says home improvement industry thriving despite housing slowdown. Online at
www.buildingonline.com/news
National Retail Hardware Association/Home Center Institute Report
8
Do-It Yourself Retailing, Annual Report, December 2005
9
Lowe‟s Companies Inc. 2006 Annual Report.
10
Yahoo Finance (May 9, 2007). Retail, Home Improvement. Online at: http://biz.yahoo.com
11
Nelson, T. (February 5, 2006). Retail Home Improvement, Henry Fund Research.
12
