Home > Questions > Shopping > Home decor > Lowes.com vs. the Home Depot
Q: Lowes.com vs. the Home Depot
I have heard bad things about shopping at Lowes as well as the Home Depot. I went online and visited both websites and Lowes.com seemed to paint a better picture of their store. My choices are limited but we want to hear about how dealing with these stores is going to be like. We are expecting and I want to get the baby's room remodeled and decorated.
A: Not to bash either, but.. If Home Depot would train their people better.. They would surely be better.. But as it is.. They tend to not like returns, and I notice they will up-sell a lot, and you end up with something you THOUGHT would be good, they made you THINK would work, and then when you try to return it.. They will even sometimes refer you back to the actual manufacturer of the product. Lowes however, is pretty good I find at standing behind their selves, their products.. Now, if you're the DIY (Do It Your Self-er) Then Lowes is an alright choice.. However, remember that lowes is kind of like the cosco of hardware, they are in business more for the contractors, those who buy in bulk etc.. but this doesn't make them a bad choice.. Now, how depot though is more for those residential you know.. However, in all honesty I've always had my best results with Ace hardware, So its kindof a toss up..
bafalken • about 5 years Ago
A: well if your on a budget i would say lowes if your looking for the best products i whould say home depot but if you think your going to need a lot of help and don't think money is going to be a problem i would say hire a designer they are going to be the best help!! lowe does have a better staff then home depot but there qulity of prodect isn't as good. home depot has good products but dosn't offer that costumer suport.  Good luck!
powermage • about 5 years Ago
A: Both stores I found to be fairly good. Actually, Lowes tend to have a lot of the small but important things that are missing in Home Depot.  Lowes has a wider variety of individual things than home depot has.
Ericson Smith • about 5 years Ago
A: I think of them both about the same. Until recently all the towns I've lived in only had a Lowe's, so I prefer them. I have to disagree that Lowe's is more for those that buy in bulk. While they may have a different price for those that buy in bulk, Lowe's is more for the individual buyer.
texaskimmie • about 5 years Ago
A: my mom gets our stuff from lowes and they are friendly
domsquam • almost 5 years Ago
A: lowes is a store I would not buy anything from,they do not stand behind there product,there warranty isnt worth the paper its written on,all thet care about is getting it out the door...
homelite • over 4 years Ago
A: lowes is a store I would not buy anything from,they do not stand behind there product,there warranty isnt worth the paper its written on,all thet care about is getting it out the door...
homelite • over 4 years Ago
A: home depot where I live have a master plumber and master electrician these guys were actually in the field and a good "pro desk" they always have been more help then lowes... always give me free delivery or some type of financing and I bought a dewalt drill that went bad after 6 months home depot let me exchange it... lowes always seems so girly to me and I bought a some shelfing there that I didnt like they gave me a hard time returning it , it took almost 45 mins with manager approval and all that... in my area home depot is way better then lowes and they carry baer paint which I really like
aaron84cs • over 4 years Ago
A: Lowe's is geared more towards DIY-ers than Home Depot, which is geared more towards Contractor type sales.  Lowe's also markets itself more towards women DIY-ers than men... they carry more items which are colorful, place more of an emphasis on clean, organized aisles and shelves, and generally have better lit stores than Home Depot. None of this makes Lowe's better than Home Depot, per se, it's merely different.  All things being equal, as well, Home Depot and Lowe's have, effectively, an identical returns process. The DeWalt drill that went bad... If the drill was more than 90 days past purchase, and the store returns it, Black & Decker corporation will deny credit on that drill to the store. The store will end up throwing it into the trash, and eating $200+ worth of merchandise. Sure, if you're a customer who purchases an awful lot, it's worth it to the company, but if you spend less than $1,000 a year, you'll have to go through 1-800-4DeWalt to get it repaired.  Anyway... individual stores vary considerably. I've been in Lowe's I'd never return to, although I prefer Lowe's as a company to Home Depot. And I've been in plenty of Home Depots which I would happily shop in again.
dtxbrian • over 4 years Ago
Want to post your own answer to "Lowes.com vs. the Home Depot"
Sign up or Login to join FunAdvice for free today.
Read other questions related to: Lowes.com vs. the Home Depot
