I don't know.
I returned an item  that I had purchased from the Home Depot on University Ave., in West Des Moines, Iowa and purchased  another item.  When I took the 4 cent voucher to the "courtesy counter" to cash, I was told that store policy would not allow them to do that so for 4 cents you have lost a customer.  Payless is located in the city in which I live, Home Depot is not so I'll be shopping at Payless in the future.
By M. F. Welch on March 25, 2012 at 11:34 AM
Home Depot
Thanks for connecting!
Truguard Construction Group would like to thank Home Depot for connecting with us and supporting local business. We've left you a five star rating after conducting thorough research on your company. Thanks again and we wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors.
By Truguard Construction Company on March 19, 2012 at 07:17 AM
Home Depot
outstanding personal sevice from Johnny Standridge in Scottsdale, AZ
Recently while travelling in Arizona, I stopped in to a Scottsdale Home Depot for some advice on how to complete a small project involving a memorial for a dearly departed companion. I met 4 year veteran Johnny Standridge who proceeded to absolutely shatter my expectations of service. Not only was he extremely knowledgable about exactly what I needed, where to get it and how to put it together, he took the time to help me put it all together right in the store! He was friendly but with a rare compassion for the nature of my very personal project. His caring professionalism should be the ultimate model for all service personnel. Home Depot and its clientelle in that area are extremely lucky to have Johnny on the job!!! Bravo, Johnny and thanks again for going beyond the average call of duty. I hope the powers that be duly acknowledge their good fortune of having you on their team.
By Jeff Pearson on March 03, 2012 at 12:54 PM
Home Depot
I want nothing to do with Home Depot ever again.
Went to buy a stove/refrigerator.They came. Stove fit. Fridge too big, goes back to store. I go to change purchase. Told by "experts" would fit. I buy w/d for same time delivery. They come. Fridge won't fit. Delivery men refuse to take old w/d, leave new. I go back with out of town visitor who sees insanity and is stunned. I cancel all except w/d. Told would get that next week. Insisted I need w/d and one on floor if necessary. Long ordeal got floor model delivered. Get bill, charged for fridge. Another big hassle over charge. Corrected bill says I'm the offender. That noted by the store manager. I want and deserve an apology as I did nothing wrong. All on HD's shoulders. I go to Lowes. In 20 mins. fridge I wanted from HD ordered. Professional contact from time walked in door. I am buying from Lowe's from now on and have paid off my HD bill and cancelled my account. My guest thought the hassle at HD was ridiculous and couldn't believe all I had gone through. No More!! I'm done...
By Saundra Clendenen on February 21, 2012 at 07:42 AM
Home Depot
Welcoming...
Being born and raised in St. Louis, Mo. where Home Depot was the first major hardware store, I have come to associate it as my natural selection; when it comes to shopping for home improvement supplies. The staff is always friendly and AVAILABLE! My husband and I go there sometimes, just to browse the aisles for ideas. Partylite® Candles Catalog gives Home Depot 5 Stars!
By Partylite ® Candles Catalog on January 25, 2012 at 10:04 AM
Home Depot
