Sent: Thursday, March 30, 2000 11:29 PM
To: info@arcweb.org
Maybe you can help me. I am the spouse of a Home
Depot Assistant Manager. The store this person works
at converted to working 24 hours. Home Depot expects
my spouse to work varying shifts that span the entire
24 hour day in just under two to three months.
Specifically, my spouse will work 11 hour shifts that
vary from working days to mids to nights in a rotation
of only two months or so.
This is a very distressing situation for our family,
not to mention the health and productivity of my
spouse. I find it very hard to fathom that a company
the size of HD would not know of the destructive
nature this type of schedule plays on their own
productivity - meaning that their own managers are
always sleep deprived and not thinking with their most
productive minds. Not to mention the stress they have
to deal with when trying to sleep during the day when
their spouses and children are home. Have you ever
tried to keep a 4 month old from crying because you
didn't want to wake your spouse up? My question is
this, "Can Home Depot use it's human resourses
appropriately by hiring a single "night-time" manager
to work the overnight shifts?"
Please post this as an open forum for any response
from other spouses, and even experts in the medical
and psychological fields that can provide empirical
proof that this type of schedule is destructive to the
human condition. Fuck the bottom line of Home
Depot!!! I want my loving and happy home life back!!!!!
Subject: waste
Sent: Monday, January 17, 2000 9:18 AM
To: info@arcweb.org
I can't say much because of my situation. I was just fired from HD because I    asked for 2 items going into the dunpster - I was told I could have them, but    true to form everyone recanted their permission after the fact. Those items    consisted of 2 strips of plexiglass and 6 eight inch strips of shelving the    customer didn't want. More plastic to the landfill. Well here is the rest of    it! Everyday I see more and more wood, be it oak,mahogany, pine,etc going into    our dumpster. They won't give it to poor people. They don's allow associates    to buy cabinets displays. They would rather throw it away. Home Dpot may do    some good in other vains, but their waste is beyond all imagination. HD is not    all it is cracked up to be. The public has no idea of the brutality that goes    on in a HD Store - both personel wise and waste wise. This is an issue I've    complained of so many times to try and find ways to use our leftovers. I just    simply put myself in more jeopardy everytime I made a suggestion or complained    of the waste.
Subject: Home Depot blows
To: <info@arcweb.org
Sent: Monday, September 06, 1999 8:06 PM
I used to work for Home Depot about 2 years ago, and one day decided to up
and leave. I stuggled as a cashier to gain respect from the "managers"
day in and day out. my supervisor, who ended up getting caught in fraud on
the job, used to schedule me while i was in school, even though repeatedly she
was told when i could work. The managers were very unprofessional.
Also, the stores are run by male pigs. There are virtually no women
managers and sexual harrassment is rampant. Ive witnessed horrific
treatment to women and minorities daily. One time I was on a product knowledge
walk, and the manager who was giving it kept following this black customer,
because he said " there was no need for a black kid to want to buy a trash
bucket, they tend to steal you know". My boyfriend just left home depot    also,
because of the racist comments by employees and managers who tend to bleed
orange. but one of the worst memories i have as a home depot employee was
having to do the stupid home depot cheer during a store meeting. they humiliated
me making me feel like a cheerleader for home depot. if anyone is
considering working for HD, look elsewhere!!!!!
Home Depot Still Sucks
Sent: Friday, August 27, 1999 9:08 AM
Subject: Home Depot Still Sucks
Congrats on your recent victory over Home Depot's selling of wood products
which come from old growth forests. I urge you however, to continue your
fight against this corporate menace. There are numerous reasons why Home
Depot STILL SUCKS. Please keep your website alive and well so I, as well
as other disgruntled consumers, can vent. Shoddy service and products are
still a concern and I'd hate to see this $30B supplier get off the hook so easily!
Besides.....2002? Bull! Ask any store manager and they will have to tell
you that their inventory turns AT LEAST four times a year. Why will you
have to wait two years to get satisfaction? Ending your efforts now will only
allow Home Depot to go back on their word because they will perceive that
the public not longer cares!!!
Good riddance to Home Depot...I'm never going back!!!
Brian L
No 4th of July off for Air Force personel!
To: info@arcweb.org
Sent: Friday, July 02, 1999 4:21 AM
This isn't a horror story, but it is a reality. I work for Home Depot(part time) and am no way writing this to protect them, Lord knows they make millions, but are too cheap to close the store for an important day as THE 4th OF JULY! I am also a government employee(Air Force) and I tried to get the day off, not so I could party it up but to honor the many vets and those who gave me the freedom to be here, and if it wasn't for me needing the part time job SO BAD, I would have quit! ON THE SPOT!!!! So try remember most that work at Home Depot are just wanting to support a family or make a living, they do pay quite well. But most importantly I along with others I work with don't agree with the Depots way of handling business
but with such a big business we don't get much say, so just go easy on the "little people" its the upper management that makes the decisions!
Kinda like being a pawn in a game of chess! But for now I have to deal with it, but I wish I didn't! any comments or ideas email me at southpawz33@yahoo.com try to keep it decent PLEASE, remember I just want to make a living!
thanks Mike
