CEO of Home Depot (Frank Blake)
Created By
About this Petition Petition Letter Petition Updates
Lowe’s recently pulled its advertising from the popular television show “All-American Muslim,” bowing to the pressure of Isalmophobes. It is unworthy of our business as Americans who care about the stories of all American religious communities.
We now need a new place to shop, as we approach the new year. Help us draft Home Depot to be the tolerant alternative!
We are asking Home Depot to buy the spots on “All-American Muslim” that Lowe’s used to purchase. If they do so, those who sign this petition commit to turning first to Home Depot as our home, appliance, and hardware store in 2012. We shop tolerantly -- and want Home Depot to be our go-to store for religious freedom.
By signing this petition, you are showing that you want all religious communities in
American to have a free voice. You are exercising your freedom to shop at stores that further religious tolerance.
SIGN ON NOW! DRAFT HOME DEPOT AS THE STORE OF TOLERANCE IN 2012!
Why People Are Signing
Purchase Advertising on All-American Muslim to replace Lowe's
Greetings Frank Blake,
I just signed the following petition asking you, as CEO of Lowe's, to support religious freedom in America by purchasing advertising on TLC's All-American Muslim.
Lowe’s recently pulled its advertising from the popular television show “All-American Muslim,” bowing to the pressure of Islamophobes. It is unworthy of our business as Americans who care about the stories of all American religious communities.
We now need a new place to shop, as we approach the new year. Help usmake Home Depot to be the tolerant alternative!
We are asking Home Depot to buy the spots on “All-American Muslim” that Lowe’s used to purchase. If they do so, those who sign this petition commit to turning first to Home Depot as our home, appliance, and hardware store in 2012. We shop tolerantly -- and want Home Depot to be our go-to store for religious freedom.
By signing this petition, you are showing that you want all religious communities in American to have a free voice. You are exercising your freedom to shop at stores that further religious tolerance.
SIGN ON NOW! DRAFT HOME DEPOT AS THE STORE OF TOLERANCE IN 2012!
----------------
