27,255 posts, read 17,261,677 times
Reputation: 10145
Quote:
Originally Posted by JetJockey
Stay far far far away from Home Depot if you can.  They offer terrible benefits (if any at all) zero flexibility in shifts, NO employee discount and don't have great pay.  They used to have good pay, but then realized that they could hire a bunch of part timers for crap pay and then they didn't have to offer benefits.  Plus, if you have experience they'll fire you quickly if you ask for more pay and just 'train' new teenagers with zero experience to do your job.
HD is ridiculous.  But I hear Costco is pretty good.
I've worked for HD for 6 years now. The first two years were spent on "day shift" which ran anywhere from 4 a.m. to 10 or 11 p.m. I went from part time to full time within my first year.
They offered me a higher base salary than the last job I had, by more than a dollar an hour. It is true that they don't offer an employee discount though.
For the last 4 years, I've been working overnights, and have started anywhere between 8 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. The length of the day has varied according to how much work they had for us to do. Of course, if you want to get your 40 hours--which not everyone on day shift will get all the time, you had to work longer some days for cutting out early on other days.
When I worked days, I didn't much care if I got my 40. If my work was done, and they were letting us leave early, knowing we weren't going to be able to make the time up, I left.
I've had some gripes about the way things are done--but that's true anywhere you go.
As far as hiring teenagers--they don't hire them for working overnights at all, so I haven't had to deal with them. If you do your job and perform, you get raises. If you moan and complain--and don't get your work done--they don't give your raises, but they don't flat out fire you either.
I wish they would, but they don't. If all our freight team was working at my pace, we'd be doing fantastic. Instead there are two high performers, several mid-level performers, and two that just suck. I think they should cut the deadwood, as other people cover them when they're not out there pulling their own weight.
Oh, and as far as benefits go--for some reason I was paying for benefits when I started (part-time)...I think my girlfriend asked me to...but I never used them. When they changed providers to Aetna, the prices doubled, and I dropped it like a hot rock. I'm never going to use the benefits so I don't see a reason to pay that much for something I don't use.
Please register to post and access all features of our very popular forum. It is free and quick. Over $31,000 in prizes was already given out to active posters on our forum. Additional giveaways are planned.
Detailed information about all U.S. cities, counties, and zip codes on our site: City-data.com .
Similar Threads
