Posted by: Darren Ryan on November 9th, 2010 | 394 Comments
Do you like this article?
From all of us here at The Home Depot, I want to extend a very special thank you to all of the men and women who have served and who currently serve our country so bravely to protect our freedoms at home and abroad.  The sacrifices of our active military, veterans and their families have made and make for us every day are astounding.
On Labor Day and Veterans Day especially, we wish only the best for all who have served across the country and abroad.  We hope that these holidays find you safe and armed with the knowledge that we are all very proud of you in so many ways and that you have our full support in your endeavors.
At The Home Depot we are proud to honor and support their heroism everyday in a number of ways such as employment programs for all military and their families, discounts, supporting a system of military focused non-profits and more.
The Home Depot Veterans Discount Program* (Updated)
As we announced earlier this year, we offer a year-round, 10 percent discount, up to a $500 maximum, at our U.S. stores to all active duty military personnel, reservists, retired or disabled veterans and their immediate families.  We offer this discount to thank them for their outstanding service to this nation and to help make their homes more comfortable and safe.  Customers requesting the discount should present a valid military ID. 
In addition, a 10 percent discount is also offered in recognition of Memorial Day, Fourth of July, Labor Day and Veterans Day at all U.S. Home Depot stores for all other military veterans.  So as a veteran, we invite you into our stores this weekend to take advantage of the discount. 
The Home Depot Military Employment Opportunities
As one of the largest private employers of our servicemen and servicewomen, The Home Depot is proud to continue our ongoing partnerships with the U.S. Departments of Defense, Labor and Veterans Affairs to provide career opportunities for current and former members of America’s military community. We work with the departments to link members of the military community with rewarding and challenging career opportunities in The Home Depot stores and distribution centers across the nation.
This effort is intended to support America’s military job seekers, including:
Veterans, including those with service-connected disabilities
Separating active duty service members
National guard members
Reservists
Military spouses
With our network of stores and distribution centers throughout the country, The Home Depot works with its military associates to provide transfers in the cases of reassignment of duty stations, retirement or separation, depending on store and job availability.
The Home Depot also recognizes and salutes the military spouse! Adaptable, talented, highly motivated, creative, and reliable – these are just a few of the unique qualities associated with military spouses. We want to help military families reach their full potential and realize their career goals by linking military spouses with meaningful and rewarding employment opportunities.
For more information regarding our military employment programs, click here or begin a search on our career center here .
*Redeemable for a 10% discount on a single receipt in-store purchase at The Home Depot® U.S. stores only. Maximum discount $500. Present valid military ID to cashier at time of purchase to receive your discount. Offer does not apply to installation products or services or to Appliance Special Buys, John Deere, Cub Cadet®, Honda, Toro®, Echo®, Little Giant Ladder Systems,® Dacor,® Viking,® Fisher & Paykel,® Sharp Insight,™ Delonghi,® Buckhaven, Weber, Lynx, Alfresco, OCI, Marvel, Bertazzoni, Aga, and Vent-A-Hood products and trade styles and cannot be combined with any other offer.
