II.               Lowe’s Past & Current Strategies
Past Strategies
For the past ten years, Lowe’s has been focused on a growth strategy; opening more stores every year in hopes of increasing sales by a few percent. In addition to opening new stores, in more recent years, they have been committed to investing in the infrastructure of their current stores by revamping to give customers an ideal shopping experience. Lowe’s also adopted an “Everyday Low Prices” (EDLP) strategy since as far back as 2005, promising customers that if they find a lower price on any identical product at a local competitor they will not only match that price, but will beat it by 10% (Lowe’s Annual Report, 2005).
Current Vision, Mission, & Strategies
Current vision and mission statements for Lowe’s are almost non-existent.  Refer to Appendix A for the identified vision and mission statements.  Lowe’s is dedicated to be the first choice for home improvement by offering the best prices, products, and services.
Lowe’s is currently continuing with their growth strategy and opening 42 new stores to reflect a total square footage growth of around 2 percent. Although the past few years have been faced with a declining industry and uncertain housing environments, Lowe’s has reportedly seen customer expectations intensify, which is why they are finding ways to deliver better experiences to diversify themselves from other companies.
New Vision & Mission
For purposes of this project, Appendix A shows the updated vision and mission statements used to create an appropriate strategic plan.  The new vision statement provides a more defined idea to become the first choice for home improvement.  The vision involves leveraging social media, quality products and customer relationships, and just in time inventories.  The new mission statement places a strong emphasis on offering on-time and quality products and services to a broad range of customers.  The focuses of the strategic plan will guide Lowe’s to hit all of the goals set by the new vision and mission because of its emphasis on company efficiencies, employee knowledge, and customer relations.
III.           SWOT & Environment Analysis
Lowe’s SWOT Analysis
Some of Lowe’s strengths include having the second largest market share in the industry, their creative ideas classes and videos, and their corporate social responsibility. Besides Home Depot, there are few competitors Lowe’s needs to worry about. Their Creative Idea videos are well received and draw customers into their stores. Lowe’s has outstanding CSR; they have won the energy star award nine consecutive times (2003-2011), (Media). Between housing turnovers, home prices, and rising unemployment, the economy is Lowe’s biggest threats. A huge opportunity for Lowe’s is technology innovation. Refer to Appendix B for more details on Lowe’s SWOT.
Lowe’s SWOT Matrix
A number of strategies were considered to help Lowe’s lower expenses and increase revenue. One strategy was to increase Lowe’s brand recognition through new marketing strategies, such as social media, which will capitalize on our strengths. To overcome some key weaknesses, Lowe’s should provide cross training to all employees in all departments and operations of the store prior to working alone. Also, the implementation of a quality assurance program to regulate the TQM of products would help Lowe’s address various weaknesses and threats.  Refer to Appendix B for further details on the SWOT matrix.
Home Depot’s SWOT Matrix
Home Depot is currently the leader in the Home Improvement Industry and the fifth largest retailer in the world. They have created a saturated market with over 2,000 locations across the globe. They current face external danger as the economy and the industry remain in a slump.  In terms of weaknesses, Home Depot’s financial ratios are not the best and have been declining in recent years. Losing financial strength concurrently with the decline of consumer spending could jeopardize Home Depot’s desirable market position. See Appendix B for details.
Ace’s Hardware SWOT Matrix
Although Ace’s Hardware has a number of core competencies, they hold many weaknesses that should be highly considered while selecting strategies, as shown in Appendix B. Weaknesses considered necessary to be addressed include customer complaints in regards to not honoring rebates and their inability to honor guarantees of their return policy. Customer service is a much needed business segment requiring ample consideration by Ace’s management team.
Macro-economic Factors & Lowe’s
The economic environment of the United States since the beginning of the current recession in 2008 have had a deep impact on the performance and demand for the home improvement industry. However, recent news from CNNMoney.com has provided uplifting information for the industry with the published projection of a 9.1% increase in the first quarter of 2011 for home improvement (Royal, 2011).  Nonetheless, the macro-economic conditions reflect an uncertain future for Lowe’s and the complete home improvement industry.
For 2010, the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) raised 2.1 % implying low inflationary pressures if any (U.S. Department of Labor: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2011). However, strong CPI increases occurred in the energy categories, which may benefit Lowe’s with customers looking to decrease their energy consumption and costs.
For 2010, the unemployment rate has risen to 9.6% while the employment-population ratio decreased to 58.5% (U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2011).  However, the employment situation has improved for the first quarter of 2011, unemployment has decreased with March having an 8.8% rate (U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor , 2011). The lowest region for unemployment increases was the Northeast, which may be of value for store locations.  The employment cost for the employer has risen since its low in 2009 with a 2.1% increase with seasonal adjustment (U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2011). Furthermore, the Bureau of Labor Statistics (2011) identified a 1.8% increase in wage and salary, a 2.9% increase in costs of benefits; and a compensation cost increase of 2.4% for the occupational group that the lion’s share of Lowe’s employees are categorized in. Lastly, the S&P Home Price Index and the Consumer Credit Index have exhibited disturbing trends of a significant decrease in home value and a large increase in default rates (Standard & Poor’s / Case-Shiller, 2011). This may result in a slow recovery for the home improvement sector, because of consumers’ inability to leverage home equity or the lack thereof, and limited personal credit. See Appendix C.
IV.           Lowe’s Organizational Structure
Current Organizational Structure & Reorganization
Currently, Lowe’s has a very tall and top-heavy corporate structure. Due to the size and nature of this large corporation, it is necessary to maintain enough executives to oversee all of the divisions. At the corporate level, we laid-off two Senior Vice Presidents and executed a significant amount of restructuring.  There was recently media news that Michael Brown was named the new CIO in place of Steven Stone, in addition to the retirement, without replacement, of COO Larry Stone.  This media spotlight was taken very lightly so we anticipate that our additional news will not pose as any threat to the organization. Maintaining operations without a Chief Operating Officer does not seem like a smart move, which is why we have changed Michael Brown (former EVP of store operations) to COO to replace Larry Stone. The Chief Information Officer position has been given to the former IT Business Solutions SVP, Joyce Vonada. She will be able to focus and oversee all IT operations now that we have an elaborate ERP system. We believe our new chain of command will result in more efficiency in communication and the organization as a whole. See Appendix D for graphical representation of our pre- and post-organization charts.
V.               Lowe’s Unique Position
Key Success Factors
The key success factors for Lowe’s are: (1) wide product line; (2) economies of scale; and, (3) ability to expand by acquisition or opening new stores. Luckily for Lowe’s, they are a large firm with the resources to expand and produce at high levels of efficiency now and in the future. These factors will definitely help them if they are able to balance their books and improve internal inefficiencies.
Distinctive Core Competencies and Core Competencies
Currently, Lowe’s has no distinguishable core competency that sets them apart from their competitors or the market. As such, the recommendations herein are to establish distinctive core competencies through efficiencies, and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) differentiation. Lowe’s will implement a full Enterprise Resource Management system that will allow all operations, departments, and activities of Lowe’s to be fully integrated with one another. The identified system for this recommendation is one operating on the Oracle platform; however, an adequate RFQ undertaking should be conducted.  An ERP system will allow all levels of management to have daily drill down reports, performance metrics, and be able to conduct adequate and accurate forecasting. The CSR differentiation will further leverage an item that Lowe’s does extremely well already. This will involve the collaboration of Lowe’s marketing and CSR activities to strengthen Lowe’s local community bonds and responsiveness.
Furthermore, in tangent with the aforementioned distinctive core competencies Lowe’s shall develop and maintain the competencies of customer service and strong financial performance.
Value Chain Analysis
Lowe’s follows a variety of strategies to keep prices low. As seen in Appendix E, primary activities and costs include inbound logistics, operations, outbound logistics, marketing and sales, and service.  Lowe’s costs of sales are generally a fraction over $30 billion. Operating costs include liabilities of over $200 million. Marketing and sales costs are estimated to be above $800 million. All primary costs considered, Lowe’s generally expects a gross margin above 17 billion dollars. Selling, general and administrative costs, as categorized under secondary costs in the value chain, totaling nearly $12 billion each year. Product research and development and human resources are also costs included in secondary costs and activities as shown in the value chain.
VI.           Market & Competitive Analysis
Porter’s Five Forces Model of Competition
The utilization of Porter’s Five Forces Model allowed for an overall assessment of principal forces that Lowe’s must contend within the home improvement market. Analysis from the model identified that Lowe’s experiences significant pressures from rivalry with competitors. Home Depot, Ace Hardware, and Menards were discovered to have the most significant impact. Substitutes were also found to be influential, because of current economic conditions within the United States that would cause consumers to opt for lower ticket items, or a savings account in lieu of large home improvement purchases. Additionally, buyer power and supplier power have moderate to semi-strong influence upon Lowe’s. A highlight from the model is that new entry into the market is unlikely, and becomes rather improbable when entry into the national market is considered. The Porter’s Five Forces Model for Lowe’s may be found in Appendix F.
Strategic Group Map
An extensive study of Lowe’s and the home improvement industry through strategic group maps was conducted. The pre-recommendation as well as the post-recommendation strategic group maps may be found in Appendix G. In the pre-recommendation maps, it was found that Lowe’s is consistently competing with Home Depot, and occasionally Ace Hardware. Plus, the mid-west and great lakes competitor, Menard, also is a significant competitor in those regions. Lowe’s was found to perform slightly worse than Home Depot in almost every map, except for those with utilizing revenue per employee on an axis. A significant area of concern was located where Lowe’s last reported (2007) receivables turnover was in excess of 5,000 days. In summary for the pre-recommendation analysis, Lowe’s is in a ubiquitous competitive position with Home Depot.
One-year and five-year strategic post-recommendation group maps were created and are found in Appendix G. The one-year strategic group maps exhibited positive performance changes and more competitive market positions. However, the five-year strategic group maps show Lowe’s in the market leader position with a very strong market position. The outlook for Lowe’s in the market post-recommendations is very positive and extremely attractive to pursue.
IE Matrices
On the IE matrix, all the companies either fall within or on the verge of the ”harvest or divest” categories because of low EFE scores. For the most part, the low EFE scores are due to not responding well to the current macroeconomic conditions. Particularly for Lowe’s, the company falls in cell VIII and is only a few points away from the “hold and maintain” category. In order to move into a more satisfactory position on the IE matrix, Lowe’s should strengthen its reactions to external factors such as competitive price pressures and cyclical market downturns. Lowe’s main competitor, Home Depot, falls within the same category. Aces Hardware is still performing fairly well with its key internal factors.
In the IE Matrix post-recommendation, Lowe’s makes a dramatic jump into cell I by increasing training for employees and the implementing the ERP system. A couple of distinct movements seen on the IE Matrix were by Forest City Enterprises, Inc and Ace Hardware. Forest City Enterprises, Inc has a strong history of being able to bounce back and survive after a recession. Ace Hardware moves into the “maintain and hold” section. Despite being a smaller company, Ace Hardware is a fairly efficient and strong company. Refer to Appendix H for the IE matrices, scores and diagrams pre and post-recommendation.
GE Nine-Cell Planning Grid
The leading company on the nine-cell matrix pre-recommendations was Home Depot mainly because of the company’s strong reputation and image. Also in the current economy, Home Depot has better financial resources to help its performance. Lowe’s came in third due to poor scores in the customer service capabilities and technological skills categories. This is a sign of factors that Lowe’s should focus on if it wants to outperform Home Depot. Both Lowe’s and Home Depot currently do not have manufacturing capabilities, which could be a potential consideration to strengthen the company. For purposes of this project, all the companies were only measured for the home improvement industry. Currently the home improvement industry is moderately attractive.
In the nine-cell matrix post-recommendations, Lowe’s just barely overtook Home Depot to become the top performer. The recommendations allow Lowe’s to improve their customer service capabilities and financial resources/position dramatically.  Lowe’s also received a boost in its reputation and product performance.  The industry attractiveness also increases a little after the recession.  Refer to Appendix I for the nine-cell matrix, CSA scores, and ISA scores pre and post-recommendations.
BCG Growth/Share Matrices
According to Lowe’s’ 10-K, the housing market continues to drop. The most recent data they have available (from 2009) stated the home improvement industry has dropped by another 11%. However, a few indicators show promise for the home improvement industry; the percentage fall of the housing market is beginning to stabilize. Home Depot holds the largest market share percentage in the home improvement industry. As a performing star, Home Depot continues to increase sales and net profit despite experiencing slow growth. Lowe’s is having difficulty managing expenses, which is why Lowe’s is a question mark. As a question mark, Lowe’s will have to be strategic in deciding on changes in order to move to the star quadrant rather than the dog. Lowe’s has the second largest market share percentage, so if the company can differentiate itself there is potential to grow into a performing star. Menards, who is a regional home improvement chain operating as a performing star, is experiencing relatively high growth similar to Home Depot but has about ¼ of the market share.
After the turnaround, Lowe’s will develop into a shining star. With expenses under control and an increase in customer service and revenues, Lowe’s will primarily acquire market share from Home Depot and regionally from Menards. Lowe’s will continue to see market growth as the home improvement market recovers. Lowe’s will develop their excellent customer service through their new ERP system and by cross training employees. The company will also maintain high product quality to keep a competitive advantage over Home Depot. Lowe’s continues to lack in number of stores compared to Home Depot.  However once growth stabilizes, the company can continue to open new stores or even consider acquiring a smaller chain. See Appendix J.
Company Life Cycle
Lowe’s is currently in the decline stage of the company life cycle. Comparable to the BCG matrix, Lowe’s is at a position where they could change course and grow, or continue to decline. Home Depot’s current stage in the company life cycle is growth.
The post-turnaround company life cycle moves Lowe’s into the growth stage, because of the strategic changes. From the knowledge increase in employees, to their commitment building a relationship with their customers, Lowe’s was able to overcome economic challenges and maintain growing as a company. Home Depot has moved to the stage in-between maturity and decline. Refer to Appendix K.
SPACE Matrix
Based on the results of the SPACE matrix, Lowe’s is in a competitive position in which they are competing fairly in an unstable industry. Competitive strategies to consider include forward and horizontal integration; market penetration; product development; and joint ventures. Lowe’s should work with an intensive project development strategy by improving and modifying their present products and particularly their services. Product development is desirable, because (1) Lowe’s has successful products that are in the maturity stage; (2) Lowe’s competes in an industry characterized by rapid technological developments; (3) Lowe’s major competitor (Home Depot) offer products at comparable prices; and, (4) Lowe’s has capabilities for strong research and development. See Appendix L.
Grand Strategy Matrix
Based on the results of the Grand Strategy Matrix, found in Appendix M, Lowe’s falls within Quadrant I. This places them in a rapidly growing market with a somewhat strong competitive position. Quadrant I strategies to be considered include market penetration, product development, forward integration, horizontal integration, and related diversification. With Home Depot as Lowe’s largest competitor, these strategies will ensure Lowe’s will be more aggressively competitive, ultimately stealing market share.
VII.        Financial Analysis
Edward Altman Z-Score
Lowe’s Edward Altman Z-Score is 3.9798 (see Appendix N), which means that Lowe’s company falls into a “safe zone” from bankruptcy. The mean of Edward Altman Z-Score is 2.395 and the standard deviation of Edward Altman Z-Score is 0.595. With a Z-Score of 3.9798, the probability of Lowe’s bankruptcy is 0.3866. This is a strong indicator that Lowe’s is far away from bankruptcy.
Trend Analyses
Since the subprime mortgage crisis in 2008, most home improving companies including Lowe’s, have experienced a substantial decline in net income and sales. From EBITDA margin trends and revenue per employee trends (See Appendix P), it is observed that trend lines for industry averages between Lowe’s and Home Depot were moving together during the last five years. ROE trend line is a little bit different from other trend lines. From 2007 to 2009, ROE for Lowe’s, Home Depot, and industry average have all steeply dived, and the ROE gap between Lowe’s and Home Depot disappeared in 2009. However, Home Depot’s ROE made a rebound in 2010 when Lowe’s and industry average ROE were still decreasing. The rebound of Home Depot’s ROE was due to increasing sales growth in the global market.
Although Lowe’s performance did not do well in recent years, due mainly to macroeconomic conditions, Lowe’s can still make some changes to catch up with Home Depot. Lowe’s ROE is only 9.63, which is 33% less than Home Depot’s ROE (14.36). At the same time, Lowe’s and Home Depot almost have identical EBITDA margin. These ratios show that Lowe’s did not operate as efficiently as Home Depot. Lowe’s total debt to equity ratio is 46% less than Home Depot, so Lowe’s is at a healthier financial position and Lowe’s can possible raise a significant amount of money through debt to improve its operating efficiency.
Revenues, Expenses, & Net Income
Quarterly, Lowe’s revenue, expenses and net income follow a constant pattern in every year. Lowe’s revenue and net income is at medium level during the first quarter, at highest level in the second quarter and at the lowest level in the third quarter every year (See Appendix Q). The possible reasons that Lowe’s revenue and net income follow this constant pattern every year are that home construction and renovation happened are off season in the winter, and home construction and renovation are their highs during the spring and summer (second quarter). The gap between sales on the second and third quarter is very large. For example, sales for the second quarter of 2010 was 24% larger than sales during the third quarter of 2010. This clearly points that Lowe’s primary business is cyclical; ergo it is important to plan Lowe’s operations and hedging on this special pattern. It will be very beneficial for Lowe’s net income if strategies are implemented to help curb these cyclical revenue disparities.
Annually, Lowe’s net income has decreased by almost 36% during the last five years. This significant decrease was caused by small increases in revenue and large increases in expenses. From 2006 to 2008, Lowe’s revenue increased from 43 billion dollars to 48 billion dollars, approximately a 12% increase; this was a result from marketing campaigns. From 2008 to 2010, Lowe’s revenue decreased by 3%. From 2006 to 2010 Lowe’s expenses increased 12.3%. Looking at the graph of net income (see Appendix Q), it is clearly visible that the total amount of revenue and expenses moved together from 2006 to 2008, and the trend lines of revenue and expenses began to converge since 2009. After using polynomial equations to project these two trend lines for next five years (in Lowe’s current position), it was found that revenue would equal expenses at the first half of 2012, and net income would become negative shortly thereafter. This financial analysis clearly illustrates and strengthens the other analyses with a conclusion that Lowe’s is at a critical stage for a turn-around.
 
EBIT / EPS Analysis
In order to implement our strategies, a finance package of $566 million of 100% debt is necessary. The capital expenditures will be composed of the following: $100 million on additional marketing campaigns, especially focused on social media and online; $16 million on customer service training, which is about $100 for each employee and seasonal; $5 million for administration costs of cost reductions; $100 million on implementing a business wide ERP system; $320 million on human development; and $25 million to maintain a sufficient amount of cash on hand. From the EBIT/EPS analysis, it is observable that no matter the condition, financing $566 million by using 100% debt provides the highest EBIT and EPS. See Appendix T.
Pro Forma Before New Strategy Implementation
From the pre-recommendations Pro Forma of Lowe’s income statement (See Appendix U), it is observed that the projected net income in 2012 will be less than the net income in 2011. From income statement Pro Forma graph, revenues will keep growing in next five years; however, net income in 2016 will be almost identical with net income in 2011. This is a strong sign that Lowe’s must improve its EBIT margin on its sales. From the Pro Forma of Lowe’s cash flow statement with current strategies (Appendix V), Lowe’s will experience a huge net cash outflow in 2012, and net cash outflow will drastically increase during the next five years. It is highly possible that Lowe’s will face liquidity and insolvency issues in next few years if Lowe’s cannot immediately turnaround and increase it’s net cash inflow.
Pro Forma Post New Strategy Implementation
After implementing new strategies, Lowe’s will have much better positions on income statements and cash flows in the future years. Post pro-forma analysis integrated all the quantitative effects of implementing new strategies. Implementing new strategies will cost totally $491 million dollar next year, which will boost Lowe’s revenue by 12.5% next year and reduce Lowe’s total costs by about 3%. (See Appendix V) In addition, by laying off 1700 mid-managers and postponing opening some new stores, Lowe’s will save additional $896 million. After counting all these changes, Lowe’s net income in 2012 will be 2.8 billion dollars, which is a 42% increase compared to 2011. In long-term perspectives, additional marketing campaigns, customer services training, implementing a standardized ERP system and human development will help Lowe’s revenue increase 10% per year for next five years, and 8.5% per year for the following five years, and keep revenue growth at 7% thereafter. The ERP system will also help Lowe’s reduce total cost in the future. It will reduce total cost by 2.5% per year in the long run. Through borrowing an additional $25 million for cash reserves and implementing new strategies, next year, Lowe’s will keep the identical position on cash flows as this year. In the future, Lowe’s cash inflow will keep increasing due to the increase from net income year after year.
Net Worth and Stock Price Analysis
From Lowe’s 2011 first quarter balance sheet, we see that Lowe’s currently has about 18 billion dollars net asset. After we implement our new strategies, we estimate that Lowe’s net asset will increase to 23 billion dollars at the beginning of 2012. By integrating the quantitative effects of our new strategies into a discounted free cash flow model, we estimate that Lowe’s stock price will increase to $43.23 per share at the beginning of 2012. This is almost a 60% increase in stock price compared with Lowe’s April 15, 2011 stock price of $27.05 per share. See Appendix W.
VIII.    Recommendations & Implementation
Short-Term Recommendations
Lowe’s must take immediate actions to prevent the activities of the company to result in a loss of net income. The following recommendations are actions that are strongly encouraged and should be implemented immediately and throughout the next 12 months. Additionally, these recommendations lay the foundation of further changes outlined for the long-term.
First, Lowe’s must immediately find costs to cut. In 2011, Lowe’s is planning on opening 42 new stores. We recommend that this number be reduced to 10, with other location projects put on hold and re-evaluated. This reduction of store openings will result in 736 million dollars of cost reductions.
Next, reduction in middle management is recommended and already has been implemented with a reduction in force of 1,700 managerial jobs (Kavilanz, 2011). This in tangent with restructuring resulted in a savings of 161 million dollars.
As a component of our recommendation, we would like Lowe’s to implement a successful and efficient social media strategy that would work hand in hand with their current marketing efforts. Social media for business is taking the world by storm and companies that are not following suit are being left in the dust. By embracing social media, they will be able to create personal relationships with their customers by becoming a source of valuable content on a regular basis. This would consist of linking all of their blogs, twitter feeds and presence on social networks such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Lowe’s currently has great blog content hidden in the creative ideas section of their website, this information needs to been seen by everyone on Facebook and elsewhere. They should be tweeting and blogging about all of their CSR efforts and highlighting any personal stories that involve them. Project/DIY ideas, statistics about the industry, updates on the economy and local weather facts pertaining to seasonal projects should be the focus of their content.
Long-Term Recommendations
In order for Lowe’s to stay competitive and to become the market leader, further efficiencies and actions must be taken. As such, the utilization of an ERP system will result in an increase of efficiencies throughout all aspects of the organization. The beginning processes of an ERP system will begin in the first year; however, it and its benefits will not come to fruition until the second and third years of implementation. Furthermore, a total quality management system will be implemented in conjunction with the ERP system. This will lower defect rates and allow for the continual identification and resolution of minor problems before they escalate.
Additionally, sustained marketing efforts will continue to ensure Lowe’s has the highest brand name recognition in the industry. This marketing effort will be joined with the CSR image and the establishment of lifetime partnerships with customers. In the long run, after the successful turnaround and implementation of these recommendations it is strongly encouraged for Lowe’s to consider acquiring Ace Hardware and continuing it co-operative relationship with its store owners.
QSPM
After analyzing stages one and two of our strategic audit, we developed a Quantitative Strategic Planning Matrix (QPSM) that compared the attractiveness of three strategies of interest. The first was maintaining Lowe’s currently strategy by opening 42 new stores. The second is to increase efficiency of employees and operations with training and the development of a fully integrated ERP system. Our third suggestion is to use our resources to acquire Ace’s Hardware, a smaller and more efficient home improvement company with desirable financials. Based on the results of the QSPM, becoming a fully integrated business is the most attractive strategy, followed by acquiring Ace’s. See Appendix X for matrix.
Balanced Score Card
A balanced score card has been developed that has metrics in the following primary areas: finance and accounting; customer, marketing, internal business process, human capital; and, training. Please see Appendix Y for the scorecards.
Operational Improvements
Operational improvements are the quality improvements and the accurate forecasting now possible through the ERP and TQM initiatives. As these systems come on-line, operational redundancies will be identified and should be eliminated to reduce operating costs.
Turnaround Timeline
As previously noted, the recommendations are identified into two primary stages: short-term and long-term. Short-term recommendations should be implemented immediately and should result in a turnaround within six months and a recovery in 12 months. The long-term recommendations are for the continued success of Lowe’s beyond a year to five years. Please see Appendix Z for a GANTT Chart of the recommendations.
Change Resistance
Lowe’s will be going through numerous changes, such as significant IT systems and processes changes, given the suggested strategic plan.  These changes come from necessity by the demands of the environment, and the pursuit of Lowe’s vision to become an industry leader (Daft, 2008).
Lowe’s may use three primary change strategies exclusively or a mix thereof, depending upon their need with the business unit or employees.  These strategies are rational persuasion, shared power, and force-coercion. Rational persuasion is when leadership and management present the arguments for change and how they are beneficial to the organization as a whole, that individuals will support the change (Pershing, 2006). Shared power utilizes the active involvement of the people affected in change, by the strategic development and implementation of the changes desired (Pershing, 2006). Lastly, force-coercion is the management style that uses rewards and punishments to execute change (Pershing, 2006).
Lowe’s will need to establish and fulfill the following goals to reduce organizational resistance: (1) executive sponsorship; (2) develop opinion leadership; (3) foster change agents; (4) and develop the goals of the change for each employee level (Pershing, 2006). Next, Lowe’s will need to communicate the change, train for the implementation and new environment, create an environment of participation and involvement, and establish coaching at all levels (Daft, 2008). Lowe’s leadership must work closely with their human development individuals in human resources to ensure that all groups of employees are met with items to fulfill their needs. Any employees who continually obstruct the process of change through their actions or the lack thereof, after being provided thorough information, coaching, and guidance on the change that should be coached out of the organization. All individuals within the organization must be congruent with Lowe’s new culture and change.
Contingency Plans
After reviewing all of our strategy formulation data and leading into the implementation process, it is important to be aware of the worst-case scenario. If our proposed strategy and recommendations do not work, save the severance pay, there is still hope for the future. According to our Z-score calculation, Lowe’s is in the safe zone, with only a 0.38% chance of going bankrupt within the next year. This means we have a legitimate amount of time and resources available to bring the company back into a profitable position. After a thorough evaluation of implementation failure and causes, we will turn our attention back to the drawing broad, reevaluate our position and if necessary hire an outside company to help in developing a new turnaround strategy.
 
IX.           Epilogue
 
Currently Lowe’s is planning to open 42 new stores this year and laying off 1,700 employees.  Our team suggests reducing the number of new stores to 10 and laying off two executives on top of the 1,700 employees.  Additionally we recommend that Lowe’s: 1) increase its marketing efforts via social media and a customer loyalty program, 2) increase employee training and engagement, 3) implement an ERP system, and 4) build its brand image via continued CSR efforts.  It would also be beneficial for Lowe’s to consider acquiring Ace’s Hardware after reevaluating the company about 3-5 years after the implementation of our recommendations.
 
References
Daft, R. L. (2008). The Leadership Experience (4th Edition ed.). (M. Acuña, Ed.) Mason, Ohio, United States of America: South-Western.
Kavilanz, P. (2011, January 11). Lowe’s cuts managers, plans lots more part-timers. Retrieved April 4, 2011, from CNNMoney.com: http://money.cnn.com/2011/01/26/news/companies/lowes_layoffs/index.htm
Lowe’s Companies Inc Company Analysis. (2011). Retrieved April 9, 2011, from Mergent Online: http://0-www.mergentonline.com.innopac.library.unr.edu/companyfinancials.php?pagetype=asreported&compnumber=5067&period=Annuals&dataarea=PL&range=5&currency=AsRep&scale=AsRep&Submit=Refresh
Lowes Companies Inc Financial Filing Viewing. (2011). Retrieved April 9, 2011, from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission: http://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/viewer?action=view&cik=60667&accession_number=0000060667-11-000061&xbrl_type=v
Lowe’s Companies Inc. (2011). Retrieved April 9, 2011, from Yahoo! Finance: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/cf?s=LOW+Cash+Flow&annual
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (2010). 2009 Annual Report. Mooresville: Lowe’s Companies, Inc.
Pershing, J. A. (Ed.). (2006). Handbook of Human Performance Technology (3rd Edition ed.). San Francisco, California, United States of America: Pfeiffer.
Royal, J. (2011, April 13). There’s a Bright Spot in Home Improvement. Retrieved April 14, 2011, from CNNMoney.com: http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2011/04/13/theres-a-bright-spot-in-home-improvement.aspx
Standard & Poor’s / Case-Shiller. (2011, March 09). S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Indices. Retrieved April 9, 2011, from Standard & Poor’s: http://www.standardandpoors.com/indices/sp-case-shiller-home-price-indices/en/us/?indexId=spusa-cashpidff–p-us—-
U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor . (2011, April 1). Economic News Release: Employment Situation News Release. Retrieved Arpil 8, 2011, from Bureau of Labor Statistics: www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/empsit.pdf
U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2011, March 9). Economic News Release: Employer Costs for Employee Compensation. Retrieved March 30, 2011, from Bureau of Labor Statistics: www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/ecec.pdf
U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2011, January 28). Economic News Release: Employment Cost Index news release text. Retrieved April 1, 2011, from U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics: www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/eci.pdf
U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2011, February 25). Economic News Release: Regional and State Unemployment (Annual) News Release. Retrieved March 30, 2011, from Bureaus of Labor Statistics: www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/srgune.pdf
U.S. Department of Labor: Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2011, March 3). Economic News: Productivity and Costs, Fourth Quarter and Annual Averages 2010, Revised. Retrieved March 29, 2011, from Bureau of Labor Statistics: www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/prod2.pdf
U.S. Department of Labor: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2011, March 17). Economic News Release: Consumer Price Index Summary. Retrieved April 2, 2011, from U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics: www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/cpi.pdf
 
Appendix A: Vision and Mission
 
Current Vision Statement
We will provide customer-valued solutions with the best prices, products and services to make Lowe’s the first choice for home improvement.
Current Mission Statement
Our mission is to provide quality installation and customer satisfaction.
(from 2009 Annual Report)
 
New Vision Statement
Lowe’s is no longer resolved to being second best in the U.S. and is going to change that. Lowe’s will capture new generations of home owners through leveraging social media, and will achieve the highest brand image in the industry through quality of product, just in time inventories, nationally recognized customer service, and fostering lifetime customer relationships through these competencies.
 
New Mission Statement
Lowe’s is currently the second leader in its industry surpassed only by Home Depot. Lowe’s serves customers through providing on-time quality products, special orders and installation services through its vast locations within the United States. Our wide range of products and services are available for ‘do-it-yourself’ or commercial business customers supported by our knowledgeable team.
 
Table 1: Lowe’s SWOT Analysis
SWOT Area
