249 Followers
How To Get Hired At Home Depot
The Home Depot for decades now has been the number one home improvement retailer. It has had a few scares from Lowes and other smaller competitors but it still remains the power house store for home improvement goods. With this type of dominance you can expect the interview at Home Depot to be filled with tough questions.
How would one of your best friend describe you?
If you keep good company then you are probably a good person yourself. Obviously tell truth but paint yourself as someone who would be good for the job just as you would be.
Where does your supervisor think you are now?
You should never schedule an interview during a time when you should be working. If you do it to your current company why won't the interviewer think you won't do it to them. Try and schedule your interview during your free time whether it be lunch or a day off. This type of consideration will take you a long way.
Tell me a little about yourself?
This is the time to talk about any accomplishments whether personal or professional but more from a professional standpoint. Don't talk about your little league batting title, keep it relevant and as close to the present as possible.
What are your future ambitions?
An interviewer wants to higher someone who wants to become a better employee. They don't want to hire someone who just wants to remain stagnant. Make sure you have some ambitions whether they are huge or somewhat small.
What type of people do you have trouble dealing with?
You will be asked to deal with a diverse crowd working at Home Depot. When answering this question tell the interviewer you prefer to work with people who are genuine or pick any other type of people you are attracted to. Don't tell about people you have trouble working with but people you like working with.
I would suggest bookmarking this article and reviewing it. I have also included a link below to the interview at Lowes. This will help you get ready also, since they are similar companies. Best of luck to you on getting hired at Home Depot.
Lowes Interview Questions
If you like Home Depot, why not try Lowes?
More Interview Help
Complete guide to passing an interview and landing the job!
This Hub was last updated on November 4, 2011
You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.
