Blog Home > Housing > Home Depot:  Still Giving the Military Discount Year-Round, and the Veteran’s Discount 4 Weekends A Year
Home Depot:  Still Giving the Military Discount Year-Round, and the Veteran’s Discount 4 Weekends A Year
May 05, 2011 | Kate
Reader Feedback Requested:  Lowe’s and Home Depot Military Discount and Veterans Discount
In response to the many concerns expressed by my readers, I contacted “my guy” at the Home Depot to confirm that they are still offering a military discount.  He assures me that the Home Depot does still offer a 10% military discount all year, and also still offers the 10% veteran’s discount for weekends a year.
The  discount is available everyday to active military service members and  their spouses, as well as National Guard and reserve, retiree and  disabled service members and  their spouses.  We do ask for one of the following IDs:  Common Access  Card (CAC); Veteran’s Identification Card (VIC – Must state “Service  Connected” for the everyday discount); Uniformed Services ID Card (Tan,  Red or Blue).
In  addition, we offer a 10% discount to all military personnel and  veterans during patriotic national holidays such as July 4th, Memorial  Day, Labor Day and Veteran’s  Day.
I think it is fabulous that the Home Depot is willing to give such a generous discount to so many people, so often.  I have heard lots of people bashing the Home Depot for not offering their military discount to all veterans, all year long.  I have to respectfully disagree with this viewpoint.
Every business, person, and government entity has to make guidelines for how it works.  Offering a discount to a particular group of people is just one of the millions of guidelines made every day.  The Home Depot has chosen to make these guidelines as clear as possible so that no one will be confused and angry.  (It hasn’t worked, but that certainly can’t be blamed on a lack of clarity.)  They are not trying to dismiss the service of any group of veterans, or be disrespectful.  They’re just setting a clear guideline, and they chose to base their guideline on the decisions of the Department of Defense and/or the Department of Veterans Affairs.  If the Department of Defense and/or the Department of Veterans Affairs puts you into a certain category of current or former personnel or dependents, then the Home Depot very generously offers you the military discount all year round.  If the Department of Defense and/or the Department of Veterans Affairs does not classify you in those certain categories, then you can take advantage of the veteran’s discount on the veteran’s discount weekends.
In my opinion, this is no different than any of the bjillions of other benefits that are offered to certain groups of current and former military members and their dependents.  You don’t get the privilege of shopping at the commissary by being a veteran, you get that privilege by meeting a certain set of criteria decided by the Department of Defense.  You don’t automatically get medical care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, you have to qualify.  You can’t get government room rates at a hotel because you were once in the service, you have to meet the hotel’s guidelines for those room rates.  I fail to understand how this situation is any different.
Of course, if you do meet the guidelines to receive a military discount at the Home Depot, and your local store is giving you trouble, that is an entirely different matter and I certainly would pursue that up the chain of command.
I sincerely hope that his helps to clear up confusion about the Home Depot’s military discount and veterans discount policies.
