Login or register to post comments
Lowes HATER (not verified)July 4, 2009 - 10:00pm
Why not to select Lowe’s for flooring install…
… and why i HATE LOWE’S
After persistant nagging from my wife, I was forced to make a quick selection for my wooden floor install. I thought, if I went to a reputable, chain I should be fine.
First of all, the sales person never explained the difference between a glue down and lock in. The price for the hand-scrapped wood looked cheap. So, I paid $35.00 for the measurement. The measurer came for the measurement and took the measurements.
What bothered me was the measurer was holding the tape slanting instead of straight. But, I was busy during the time (and did I mention the pressure from my significant other!)
I wont get into the details, but during the installation, I was shocked to see the installers wasting wood. They used to cut a small piece of wood and through away a big chunk of the wood. Even after that, they were left with substantial boxes of wood!!!
After the installation, being the engineer I am, I measured the flooring. With simple measurement, I came out with a difference of almost 25%. This was after lenient measurements. With the installation and wood cost, that was substantial.
What followed was nightmare! I called Lowe’s and what followed was accusations and counter-accusations and stuff like “why did you not call us when they were throwing away the wood…”, “everybody does (over) measurements like this”, etc. etc. They reimbursed me about 10% of the cost and the cost of the remaining material.
Needless to say – I am responsible for any increased sales at Home Depot. J
If you want to do any flooring installation, here is my advise to you:
1) Measure your floor yourself
Measuring is basically simple – multiply the length by the height. If the room is complexly shaped, break it down into components and then add up the areas. (Area of a square or rectangle is Length x Breadth, Area Triangle is ½ x Base x Height, etc)
The grand total of all the areas, is what your installation should be.
2) Shop around
Do not rely on a single store. The smaller local stores offer better rates. Because they DO NOT SUBCONTRACT OUT THE SERVICES.
3) Do you research
Understand the difference between glue down, nail down and lock ins. The Lock ins are usually cheaper though the glue ins add to the value of your home.
You could get an installer separately and then buy wood at a cheaper discount outlet. It works out much cheaper!!!
And if you are a handyman yourself, get the wood at a discount outlet or internet and install it yourself. Lock-ins are great for this purpose.
4) AVOID LOWES like a PLAGUE
You will be paying for their premium over subcontracted rates. People who have money to waste, should go there.
Login or register to post comments
Visitor (not verified)September 7, 2009 - 7:48pm
Hi Lowes Hater
Hi Lowes Hater,
It is unfortunate that you had a bad experience with Lowes, but it could happen anywhere. I am not saying that Lowes was not in the wrong here, but listen to this.....I have worked in many departments at Lowes, Flooring being one of them.  Let's take your fine example of the length by the width measurement. Since you did not provide measurements, lets make one up.  Your living room is an 18 by 22 room
18 times 22 is : 396...you need to at least have 396 square feet of hardwood.
Lowes, and any SMART installer, will have the associate order at least 20% waste(for cuts and the quality of wood)...ever tried to install something or fix an item, but didn't have quite enough...aggrivating, isn't it? So why would you be so upset if they ordered some waste?
The hardwood you selected comes in a box that covers 17.97sf of flooring 472.5/17.97= 26.44 boxes. You can't order .44 of a box, so we have to round up...27 boxes are ordered for your room. Seems like a lot, but believe me, it is needed.
Now, if you have any full boxes of material left over, Lowes will GLADLY refund the portion not used back to your method of payment.  I have worked for Lowes for 9 years(and in a couple different locations/states) and have NEVER seen management turn away any refunds in this type of situation.
Mr. Lowes Hater, what might seem like perfectly good wood, may not have been. As the installer is down on his knees installing your wood, maybe he noticed that the tongue in groove section was damaged?
I, myself, never sign a contract without asking detailed questions about what I am getting and not being pressured into getting something so quickly. I go home and research and research and research!  DO NOT SIGN IF YOU DO NOT KNOW 100% WHAT YOU ARE BUYING!
I did not see anywhere in your statement that the hardwood installation looked horrible. I do apologize that your salesperson was not thorough in explaining what the differences are of hardwood flooring. Shame on him/her, that is their job.
Everyone, always measure your own room before any purchase. Lowes will be happy to give you a quote based on your measurements and should tell you what you can expect out of our installation process. Ask questions! I love talking to customers and sharing what I know.
There are always bad apples in any workplace, but do not hate Lowes as a whole because of this instance. I also have to say, if you find a contractor, please hire a licensed and insured contractor. Please look at all credentials!  In this instance, Mr. Lowes Hater, if you bought hardwood flooring through an internet order or an outlet center(and it appears that at time of purchase you didn't know anything about hardwood flooring), do you REALLY think that they were going to give you that one on one customer relationship with you and explain the differences of all the wood species and finishes? No, they are not.... you would be on here complaining about their service, too. They are an order taker, fly by night outlet location.
When it is all said and done, Lowes did give you a discount to keep you happy. You must have been happy with the 10% or you would not have accepted it.
We DO appreciate your business and we greatly NEED your business. Please try to go back with another project and see what your experience will be like. If you are not happy with the service, please do not hesitate to speak to the manager on duty. If you DO have a wonderful experience, please tell THAT to the manager on duty.....we like to hear what we are doing RIGHT for the customer, too.
Please post back if you have any other questions or to tell me what your next experience was like....I like hearing form all Lowes customers. I would like to help you, if I can. Have a nice day, Mr. Lowes Hater!
Login or register to post comments
Millennial1July 5, 2009 - 5:18pm
Let the Buyer beware- words to live by
I am sorry that you went through hell and back on your Lowes' installation. Your experience confirms what I have been preaching on Millennial Liviing for some time. that it, you can't just sit back and assume that a home improvement contractor and/or big store knows what they are doing. You must get involved. As you said below, a simple step like taking your own measurements and checking your measurements against Lowes' might have prevented a lot of problems.
Some readers here might think that your situation is out of the ordinary. Unfortunately its far too common. Remember even Real Estate barron Donald Trump is the target of contractors who are looking to over charge him and make him pay for shoddy workmanship. Be like the Donald and do your home work and you'll get what you want at less cost.
Millennial1
