More in Shopping
Comparing Prices at Lowe's and Home Depot
You've been to one big box store, you've been to them all. There's not a big difference between the look and feel of a Target and a Walmart or a Borders and a Barnes & Noble, in my opinion. But many times where you do find differences is in price. I found this out when I compared prices at Petco and PetSmart .
As someone who's preparing a house to sell this spring, I've spent a lot of time at Lowe's and Home Depot lately. In an effort to find the cheapest hammer or a good deal on a kitchen faucet, I compared prices on the same items at the two stores. I looked at a few random items from gas grills to garden tools to painting supplies. The stores tend to sell different brands, making my price comparisons tough. Lowe's is big on Troy Bilt lawnmowers but Home Depot has a huge selection of Toros. Home Depot sells American Standard faucets and Lowe's sticks with Delta and Moen. And when they do have the same brands, they carry completely different models. Comparing what I could, I concluded that in a few cases, Lowe's had the lower prices. But in general the stores are close.
When it comes to gas grills, both stores carried the same Weber Genesis Three-Burner gas grill for $699. Home Depot had a slightly lower price on a Weber four-burner gas grill.
The stores practically matched each other dollar for dollar on gardening supplies. Home Depot had a slightly better deal on Black & Decker's 24-inch Hedge Hog electric hedge trimmer at $69.97, compared to Lowe's $74.96 price tag.
Lowe's had a few better deals on kitchen and bathroom faucets. The Lowe's price on a Kohler kitchen faucet was $108, compared to Home Depot's price of $130.84 on the same faucet. Lowe's also appeared to have better prices than some online stores: A certain Moen kitchen faucet model was $188 at Lowe's, compared to $224.58 on Amazon.com.
Lowe's had better prices on shelving as well. A ClosetMaid 6-cube organizer was $44.88 at Lowe's, a few dollars cheaper than online prices for the same product. Home Depot didn't carry this one, and its prices on Rubbermaid wire shelves were a few dollars higher than Lowe's.
Lowe's even had better deals on even more random items like blue painters tape. The store offered a 1-inch thick roll for $1 cheaper than Home Depot's same roll. And the same Klein wire stripper/cutter was $4 cheaper at Lowe's.
So where do you shop for tools and other hardware? Are there any mom and pops that have good deals? What about online stores?
By Tania Anderson |  February 19, 2009; 12:00 AM ET General Interest , Home Improvement
