Print this article
Benefits
Lowe's offers full-time, part-time and temporary workers benefits including health insurance, term life insurance, Income protection, 401 (k), employee discounts, paid time off and stock purchase. Full-time benefits begin after 89 continuous days of employment; part-time benefits vary depending on position.
Training and development at Lowe's Home Improvement is a continuous process spanning 90 days. During training, new hires meet their peers, meet the CEO and engage in store operations.
Store Positions
Store-level positions include management, customer service, sales specialists and loss prevention. Store management positions are broken up into four different categories, administrative, sales, operations and human resources. Customer service positions include administrative positions and operations. Administrative positions ensure operational integrity; operations require employees to assume responsibility of store functions.
Sales specialists work with areas of the store including installed sales, building materials, commercial sales, nursery, outdoor power equipment, sales floor and other sales specialist positions. Employees working as a sales specialist require customer service knowledge, interpersonal skills as well as personal drive.
Loss prevention careers at Lowe's Home Improvement include managers and specialists. The managers supervise the specialists and protect the assets of the company. Functions of the manager include maintaining an acceptable inventory shrink, reducing accidents and developing loss prevention specialists. Los prevention specialists review internal and external theft opportunities, safety processes and procedures and handle investigations.
Corporate
Corporate positions at Lowe's Home Improvement are located both at the home office in Mooresville, North Carolina and in the field. Positions include business development, contact centers, corporate affairs, finance, accounting, human resource and information technology. Additional corporate positions include legal, marketing, merchandising, real estate, engineering, specialty sales, store operations support and supply chain management.
Distribution
Careers in the field of distribution are located within the stores as well as at distribution centers. Distribution manager positions include human resources, maintenance, transportation and operations. Distribution managers are responsible for team members as well as achievement of corporate goals. Distribution team members are hourly employees that must be 18 years old, have the ability to lift a minimum of 70 pounds, pass a drug screening and provide a stable work history. A criminal background check is required of all employees.
Related Searches:
