Another reason why LOWES stores are consistently selected as “patriotic employers” by the ESGR (Employer support of the Guard and Reserve) folks in DOD.
Roger Bernier
| February 27, 2010 at 22:36 |
So, if you didn’t serve 20 years or are not 50% disabled, you get to enjoy a so-called veterans discount 3 holidays a year. Big deal. I’ll be shopping at Home Depot. By the way, did Jim Lowe and Carl Buchan serve for 20 years or are they 50% disabled veterans? If not, they don’t get the discount.
Robert
| November 18, 2010 at 23:57 |
They did not specify 50% disabled vet so it does not matter if you are rated at 10% or 100% you get the discount.  You can get a VA ID card from your local VA and that will be your ID to get the discount.
Christian Egeland
| March 2, 2010 at 11:49 |
I think a veteran is a veteran and the fact that they did not retire or are disabled does not change the fact they are a veteran. I thank Lowes for honoring the veterans but having different rules for non-retired vets I can’t say I agree with.
Bob Patterson
| March 3, 2010 at 08:50 |
Served two hitches in the USN. So now I can’t get the discount everyday as I had been doing any time I went to Lowe’s by showing my DD 214. Does this mean my time spent in the Navy was not important because I did not retire from the military. Broke my back while in the Navy but chose not to claim disability, guess I should have filed for disability, then I’d get an everyday discount at Lowe’s.
Mike Leonard
I guess I’ll be shopping over at Home Depot with Roger Bernier for the same reasons he gave.
Bill Kautz
| May 26, 2010 at 18:49 |
I just heard about the veteran’s discount at Lowe’s and asked about it at the North Cornwall, (Lebanon), PA store.  They assured me that they did give a discount to ALL veterans. I showed them my VA Hospital ID card and got the discount. I’m off to Home Depot to see what they’ll do in this area. From what I’ve heard and read, it seems the discount is up to the local managers.
Ron Molinaro
| May 27, 2010 at 08:16 |
Yes–but.  Lowes has for about the last two years offered (I shop in Fl. & Tn.) an everyday discount to any veteran with proof of service.  (DD214) You now can’t get a discount without a picture ID and you can’t get an ID from the VA unless you are getting health benefits. They cut a lot of us out, Home Depot hasn’t.
Chris Raymond
| February 22, 2011 at 14:34 |
Ron, you are exactly right. My brother encountered the same thing–his discharge papers no longer “qualified” him for the military discount. He went to the Buffalo VA and stood in line for a photo ID that Lowe’s now demands, and the first words out of the staffer’s mouth were: Oh, you’re here for Lowes. My brother has NEVER asked for VA benefits, but he did serve honorably in the Army. But Lowes will not accept the DD14, passport, and birth certificate as acceptable ID. It actually made my brother cry telling me the story. It is shameful for Lowes to wrap themselves in the flag and actually NOT give discounts to ALL military veterans.
Charles Harbst
| June 22, 2010 at 19:07 |
I will definitely be shopping elsewhere.  I didn’t retire from the Army but I served in Vietnam while some retirees never saw combat.  Not right.  I agree with the others who feel that because we did not retire or disabled we do not get the discount year round.  We served our country and put our lives on the line while someone who retired from the military and never put their lives at risk get the discount.  Go figure.
John Gallagher
| June 23, 2010 at 04:44 |
Your discount policy is suggesting that some veterans are more equal than others which is discriminatory, Perhaps you should define a veteran as the military does. I wonder if you allow the families of KIA veterans this same discount. How do they provide a pictured ID.
Clyde Barger
| July 3, 2010 at 13:52 |
It would be nice to honor all those who served in the military rather than just those who are on active duty or retired.  I have spent a ton of money at Lowe’s and guess I will in the future.  I agree with others I did a hard tour in Vietnam during a time when being in the military was not so cool and we were hated.  My neighbor retired from the military and never saw combat but he gets the discount everyday???  But thanks for the discount on the other days.  Kind of hard to plan the projects around just those few days.
Earle DuBose
Lowe’s in Warner Robins DOES NOT honor this program for veterans, Larry-the store manager has taken it upon his self to deny this. Lowe’s can kiss my business good bye.
Larry Dearborn
I don’t understand why some people are complaining. I thank Lowes just for doing what they do. I will never bite the hand of those feeding me.
W Zimmer
What they neglected to mention is that veterans used to enjoy the discount all year long – not just three holidays a year.  I’ll take my business to Home Depot which still offers the veteran’s discount all year!
J Betthauser
| July 19, 2010 at 20:47 |
Dearborn, what’s so hard to understand about it?  The hand may feed you, but I spent 13 1/2 months in Vietnam as a draftee and had no desire to make it a career, so the hand that feeds me is my own!
Jim Whiteside
| August 21, 2010 at 20:59 |
I’m also an Army vet (drafted 1966-68) and was recently denied the veteran’s discount that I genuinely appreciated. It was one of the few, if any, thank you’s the Vietnam era vet ever got. I’ll see you under the orange sign, and I don’t mean agent orange either. I’ll take my home improvement dollars to an organization that says “Thanks”.
Richard Alton
A VETERAN  IS A VETERAN  I THINK . MY DOLLARS ALSO WILL GO ORANGE HD. I AM SURE YOU WILL APPRECIATE THAT .
David Terrill
| September 27, 2010 at 19:28 |
Enjoyed the discount at Lowe’s for a few mos. Vietnam Veteran and served from 65 to 68. The Greer S.C.  Lowes recently changed managers and now won’t honor the everyday discount, or my dd214 , or even my discharge ID which I managed to find because it has expired. Discharged in 1968 and my id has expired, who’d of thunk it ?. I’m gonna try the Lowe’s in Spartanburg, (a lot further away) and the Home Depot across from the Lowe’s in Greer. Basically remodeled my whole house at Lowe’s, Veterans of Foreign Wars only matter if you served 20. Thanks Lowes
donald morelle
