Why Work at Lowe's
All the tools for your success are right here
At Lowe's, excellent performance is not just recognized – it's supported and rewarded. As part of the Lowe's Canada team, you'll have access to numerous opportunities for personal career growth, including our leadership development programs and full range of training courses. We are truly committed to promoting from within, which means many exciting career paths and advancement opportunities will be open to you as a team member.
Career Development - At Lowe's, we believe in people maximizing their knowledge and talents. We believe that seeing the business from different perspectives is critical to success: yours and Lowe's. We look for opportunities for our employees to move into different departments.
New Challenges - You will never get bored at Lowe's. As we are a growing business within the Canadian market, and there will be many new and exciting challenges so you can truly reach your full potential.
Personal Development - We invest heavily in training and development for our employees and we encourage everyone to take full advantage of all the opportunities for learning and growth that we offer.
Culture of Innovation and Support - While we're proud of our history, we are a company focused on the future. We encourage all our people to look for ways to improve and strengthen the way we do business and we recognize and reward personal initiative.
WE ARE LOWE'S
MY STORY
Angelo T - Store Manager
"When you join the Lowe’s team you become a member of the Lowe’s family! You're respected, valued, appreciated and your results are rewarded. Lowe's provides employees with a dynamic training and development program, and exciting opportunities for career advancement. Lowe's is not just a job, it's a fulfilling journey, and I'm grateful to be a part of it!"
Nicole W - Assistant Store Manager
"Since I started with Lowe's almost four years ago, I have been provided with endless opportunities to grow as a person, and as a manager. While I was a student, I spent my nights and weekends learning as much as I possibly could from a number of well-trained mentors. I took an opportunity to move out to Western Canada and open up our first store in Calgary. Now, as an Assistant Store Manager, I have the chance to help new associates achieve their own goals in the rapidly expanding Lowe's market. I am a true believer in all of the things that Lowe's can do, and can honestly say that there are more possibilities than you can imagine!"
Ron G - Department Sales Manager
"I have had the wonderful experience of working for Lowe's for the last three and a half years and the opportunities afforded to me are endless. I previously worked for another large home improvement retailer for ten and a half years in a management capacity, and the transition to Lowe's has been considered my best achievement. The values and culture they speak of are demonstrated on a daily basis throughout their commitment and dedication to superior customer service by acquiring and hiring the best people to represent Lowe's. They recognize everyone's strengths and encourage all associates to strive to be the absolute best. The vision and values exhibited by Lowe's is evident throughout their continued evolution and growth in all markets in making Lowe's the first choice for home improvement.
I have had the pleasure to further advance my career by taking on stretch projects such as acting Manager on Duty, helping facilitate and teach the Customer Service model to associates and managers in the store, and participating in new computer programs and testing at our corporate office in North Carolina. I have held numerous department manager positions throughout the store which has allowed me to absorb many aspects required to run a successful business. I have participated in our Lowe's Heroes Program which in itself is a rewarding and fulfilling feeling to help members of our community. Lowe's has given me the opportunity to take ownership in the store which has allowed me to drive sales through my passion for execution while being part of a team and evolving as an individual. I know my best years with Lowe's are still ahead of me which strengthens my appetite for even a better career then I am experiencing now. My career, my life, is with Lowe's."
Edith L - Sales Specialist-Appliances
"Having been in the customer service industry for more than 35 years I have come to learn that "Great Leaders" who value their associates, embrace their diversities, are friendly, sincere and engaged, enhance the workplace and gain the respect of their team. For me this comes to life at Lowe's.
Lowe's empowers their associates with the tools and training needed to inspire them to make each customer’s shopping experience simple and seamless thereby creating a customer relationship for life. I am proud to be part of this Lowe's team. It’s not only a great place to work but also the best destination for a fabulous shopping experience. LOWE'S NEVER STOPS IMPROVING."
Denis L - Margin Analyst-Customer Support Centre
"As a company that is serious about continuous improvement, Lowe’s leadership is always open to new perspectives and insights on how we can enhance our business. The culture here values and rewards innovation and outside-the-box thinking. There are no shortages of opportunities to work on projects and initiatives that have significant impact. If you’re looking for a place where you can really sink your teeth into things and make meaningful contributions, a career at Lowe’s Customer Support Centre is something to seriously consider."
Doug B - Operations Coach-Regional Distribution Centre
"The potential for career development at Lowe’s is unlimited. I’m a perfect example of this. I began my career at Lowe’s in December 2010 as a temporary team member. With some hard work and determination I was promoted to an Operations Coach in January 2011.
Our distribution network is a people-driven environment. I’m excited to come to work every day and be motivated by my team to meet customer needs.
Lowe's recognizes that even the most successful organizations must change to compete in the future. I’m excited about the direction we’re headed and I’m ready to play my part."
BENEFITS AT A GLANCE
Health including Prescription Drug, Vision Care, Paramedical Practitioner and Hospital Room Coverage
Dental
