Tweet
The Home Depot is the second largest retail company in the United States , and hundreds of thousands of individuals work for them. Their retail stores are constantly looking for new employees and have job openings you can apply for online. This Home Depot job application page provides information to help job seekers find, apply and complete the application online.
How to Apply Online to Home Depot
You can apply for jobs online from their Home Depot's careers website at Careers.HomeDepot.com. From this site you can locate local job openings at a Home Depot retail store near your home and apply online for the stores and locations where you would like to work. Applying and completing the online application is simple and straightforward. Their website is setup to guide you through this process one step at a time. When you start your career search, you must first decide which type of job or position, such as, in-store hourly, distribution center hourly, corporate or other. From this point it guides you through the remainder of the process.
https://careers.homedepot.com/cg/
Home Depot Employment Policies
Home Depot maintains that they are committed to hiring and maintaining a diverse workforce throughout all of their retail stores and that they are an equal opportunity employer.
https://careers.homedepot.com/cg/content.do?p=diversity
After your employment begins, Home Depot believes strongly in the growth and development of their workforce and strives to promote from within. They have an ongoing training program to increase product knowledge along with preparation, development and training for higher level job positions for those who want to enhance their career.
https://careers.homedepot.com/cg/content.do?p=development
Home Depot Company History
Home Depot got its start in the year 1978 when Bernie Marcus and Arthur Blank founded the company together. The first stores were much larger than most competitors, and offered a wider variety of merchandise. Home Depot went public in 1981. and today it is known as the fastest growing retail chain in the entire history of the United States. There are also stores in Mexico, Canada and China.
http://corporate.homedepot.com/wps/portal/History
