Home Depot and Lowes Adds Thousands of Jobs
February 17, 2011   News
Are you looking for a job?  Well Home Depot and Lowes is looking for you and you’d better go see them right now.  The new jobs may be seasonal, part time and temporary, but the 60,000 jobs Home Depot is offering right now total more than all new jobs created in the entire nation last month (36,000). Savvy and engaged employees will be able to convert those part time jobs into full time work — with benefits.
It seems the world’s largest home improvement retailer is staffing up as it prepares for the biggest selling season of the year, March through mid-June, when people do their Spring cleaning and repair, and gear up for summer. Beginning in March, the retailer will roll out massive advertising campaigns, touting discounts on cooking grills, garden tools and other outdoor supplies. They’re calling it ”Spring Black Friday” and the promotions will run over four weekends in all U.S. markets.
“As we have stated in the past, spring is our Christmas and traffic is at its highest during this season,” said Craig Menear, executive vice president for Merchandising. “Hiring seasonal associates and offering door busting deals will ensure our customers have all of the service, know-how and value they need.”
As of January 31, Home Depot had about 317,000 employees, including 298,000 hourly and/or temporary workers. About 61 percent worked full-time, and the company says its looking to bolster both full time and part time rosters.
Home Depot stores are taking applications starting now. They will be hired and trained between now and March. Some examples of the number of workers they’re looking for in various markets include:
Northern California (Bay area): 1,000 workers for about 40 stores
Greater Cincinnati area: 400 workers
Metro Detroit: 1,000 workers
Michigan (statewide) 2,100 workers
Minneapolis area: 700 workers.
In addition, there are openings at Home Depot distribution centers in Ontario, CA; Westfield, Mass; and Salem, Ore. Candidates can also apply online at the HomeDepot.com. On the website you’ll find questions designed to help you select the department and duties that are the best fit for you. Probably your best bet is to answer those questions, do your research on the company, then run down to your local Home Depot and apply in person. The jobs are likely to go quickly. 
This post was originally written by Lisa Johnson Mandell, for AOL Jobs . Don’t forget, Home Depot isn’t the only one hiring.  Lowes is hiring as well so get your foot in the door for a part-time job right now!
