Retail Sales Resume
Home Depot and Walmart are two behemoths on the American job search landscape.
Home Depot employment and Walmart employment represent two of the largest work forces in the US.  Home Depot has over 317,000 employees and Walmart has over 2 million employees.
What employment opportunities do the stores offer?
Both stores are large retailers that hire people in similar capacities.  Home Depot offers careers in retail, distribution, call center and corporate.  Home Depot hires cashiers , stock associates, merchandisers , managers , supervisors, general managers, sales support personnel, sales associates , customer service associates , and more.  Is your retail sales resume ready?
Walmart offers a world of opportunities.  You can find careers in retail, corporate, pharmacy, optometry, driving and logistics.  Walmart hires grocery associates, overnight stock associates, cashiers , sales floor associates and inventory associates.   You can select the store associate path or the store management path with positions such as assistant manager, co-manager or store manager.
Home Depot is one of the largest home improvement and construction products retailers in the US, with 2,248 stores nationwide, and stores in Canada, Mexico and China.  Walmart is the world’s number one retailer, selling groceries and general merchandise at a discount, with 3,600 stores and supercenters nationwide.  In addition, Walmart has stores in other countries, including Canada, Mexico, Asia, Africa, Europe, and South America.
Candidates for Home Depot employment would not have a set schedule because work shifts vary from day to day, so it is difficult to make a lot of sustainable plans in advance.  Similarly, candidates for Walmart employment would fair the same.  Both Home Depot and Walmart seek friendly people who are willing to serve the public by providing good customer service.  In both companies the work attire is casual.
What's the Work Environment?
The work setting for Home Depot employment is a large hardware warehouse.  The buildings are always huge and have extremely high ceilings.  Most Home Depot in-store business centers, like paint, hardware, or the gardening section, have several information experts that can help you locate or use various products in their area of expertise.  The work setting for Walmart employment is like most department stores.   Walmart has a variety of business centers within the store, like electronics, home appliances, hardware, groceries, and adult and children clothing, and has a variety of associates available, stocking the shelves and actively working on merchandising.
Home Depot employment salary for floor associates ranges from $8.00 – 12.00 per hour.  Average salaries are influenced by metro area versus urban areas and varies from region to region.  Walmart employment salary for the average hourly full-time worker is $9.98, and ranges up to $11.20 in the larger cities.  Average salaries aside, if working for Home Depot or Walmart feel like a great opportunity, get your retail sales resume buffed up and apply.
Home Depot Application for Employment
