 
LearningLots wrote:
Hi, I'm considering remodeling the kitchen in it's existing location or moving the whole thing about 10 ft to another corner of the room.  I assume it will cost a lot more to move the plumbing, electrical, gas lines. etc.  Plus walls and floor would need to be patched up somehow.
 
How much would it cost to add a small window above the sink?  (where none exists before.) 
 
Can existing Silestone counters be cut to allow reconfiguration of kitchen?  If I buy more of the color, can old and new counters be "glued" together?  Using HD's online estimator, all new Silestone counters would cost about $6500.  Don't know if that's accurate or not.
 
My biggest question is: Does anyone have any idea how much EXTRA it would cost to move a kitchen 10 ft? versus keeping it in the same spot.
 
I don't actually own the house yet and the owners are living in it, so it's not easy for me to bring a contractor to the house. Plus, the approximate costs needs to be factored into the sale price.  Thanks everyone.
 
I, for one, wouldn't use Home Depot for a kitchen.  I have heard several horror stories from people who have used them.  One individual ordered his cabinets through HD.  The subcontractor (HD doesn't install anything themselves) measured the space and ordered the materials.  They tore out the old kitchen and the new cabinets didn't fit.  So they ordered more new cabinets.  6 weeks.  No kitchen.  The next batch of new cabinets came in.  Those didn't fit.  So the owner of the house decided it was easier to move the wall (non load bearing) than wait for another set of cabinets to be sent.  He did, however, end up with a very nice set of garage cabinets. 
 
Another couple ordered granite from them.  Two installations.  The first installation, the slabs were different colors, so a second was ordered and they had to live through a second demo. 
 
Those are the only two people I know that tried HD kitchens.  That's enough for me to look elsewhere.  They batted 1,000.
 
Moving kitchen:  Depends on what has to be moved.  If you can use the existing supply and drains, it's not so bad.  If you have to move them, it gets more expensive.  There are not only the supply lines to consider (those are easy and can run inside the walls - parallel to the floor), but it's the DWV (drain/waste/vent) that gets dicey.  The drains need to be vented out through the roof and, if you have living space over your kitchen, the layout upstairs may make it difficult to run the pipe.  Usually crawl/unfinished basement is cheaper.  Slab?  Forget it.  I wouldn't cut a slab unless I absolutely had to - especially if it's an older slab. Moving electrical is not that challenging.  However, new codes require dedicated circuits for appliances, specific lighting (low consumption e.g., CFL) schemes, arc fault breakers, etc..  If your panel doesn't have expandable space for additional circuits, you could find yourself having to put in a new panel.  My suggestion is to hire someone whose forte is kitchens.  They have a clue as to all the requirements now required to pass an inspection.  And, whatever you do, if you're going to be touching plumbing,etc., get a permit.  It also depends on what cabinets, etc., you're going to choose. A kitchen can cost as little as $10-15K, and into the stratosphere - depending on your tastes, appliances, flooring, etc.. 
 
Ikea stuff is okay, but it has to be assembled (it comes knocked down flat in a box).  The upper cabinets usually mount to the wall on a rail which makes them easier to hang.  The bases have adjustable "feet" to help level them with limited shimming involved.  However, when you add up all the features (euro hinges, soft close hinges/slides, doors which are sold separate from the cabinet boxes, etc.,), the labor cost to assemble the boxes, install the hinges to the doors, etc., it's not always the bargain that it appears to be.  Keep in mind that kitchens in Europe aren't "fixed" to the house.  In some countries, they move them as if they were personal property.  Hence the floating floors and so on.  Their cabinets are also made up primarily of particle board/MDF.  Particle board/MDF and water don't get along very well.  Yes, you can find pb/mdf cabinets of all stripes, but often the face frames are solid wood (or plywood veneer).  Most Ikea stuff is frameless, meaning your hinges go into the holes for the shelf pins inside the cabinet and the "cup" goes into the door.  If someone puts a screw in at an angle on a hinge mount, they can blow out the hole in the MDF/PB and the cabinet box is junk - as the door will always be loose.  Even if you glue it, it's never quite the same.  MDF is nothing more than sawdust and glue put together under pressure.  Particle board is wood chips and glue under pressure. 
 
Window:  It's really not that big of a deal.  Any competent carpenter can install a window.  It would require removing the sheathing (outside) and interior drywall, reframing the wall, installing a header (to spread the load from above), re-sheathing and siding the outside of the wall (or stucco), new drywall, exterior flashing (to keep the water out), and interior trim.  Usually a day job.  A competent DIYer can even put in a window.  I've done it.  It took me a day (exclusive of finish work).  The major cost is the window unit.  A cheap HD window can cost a few hundred bucks vs. a Pella, Andersen or Marvin window that could cost thousands.  It depends on the size of the window, features (low E, argon, etc.), and if it's casement, double hung, sliding or fixed panel. 
 
Silestone can be removed.  It's usually bonded to a substrate (plywood) that is fastened to the cabinet or directly to the cabinet top and affixed with blobs of silicone.  Odds are the backsplash is toast, but there are tools to remove the countertop.  Again, I've done it.  Can you break it?  Absolutely.  Can it be fixed?  Yep.  The beauty of solid surface.  Since it's manufactured, it's usually easy to match as it's not like a natural stone.   A competent installer can salvage, repair, match, reseam, reconfigure, etc., Silestone.  You just can't get under it with a pry bar and think you're going to get it loose.  That will snap it as it's rigid.  It's crushed quartz and resin.  Countertops are sold either by the lineal or square foot.  It depends on the material. 
 
Message 8 of 10 (2,124 Views)
 
