- Leave a Comment
The days of the corner hardware store are long gone.  There are very few left, and the ones that are still in business can’t compete with the chains’ prices.   For this reason, we are left with little to no choice.  The main hardware stores today are Home Depot and Lowe’s.   In most major cities, they are within a few minutes driving distance of each other.  I have found that both have their advantages and disadvantages.  Personally, I’m partial to Lowe’s.
 
 Pricing
I cannot definitively say which store has lower prices.  It really depends on what you’re looking for.  Some items are cheaper at Lowe’s, others are cheaper at Home Depot.   Overall, I’d say that Home Depot is cheaper. 
Customer Service Comparison
In my opinion, there is no comparison between the two when it comes to customer service.  Lowe’s customer service is leaps and bounds ahead of Home Depot’s.  I visit these stores so often that I usually know where the item that I need is located, but every now and then, even I need a little help.  While I can sometimes find good courteous help at Home Depot, I often find myself wandering around looking for ANYBODY who works there.  When I do find someone, they usually tell me to look in the wrong aisle, or they just have no clue what I’m talking about.  For example, a few weeks ago I needed a vacuum breaker for an irrigation system.  I walked up and down the irrigation aisle a few times with no luck.  I then walked up and down the plumbing aisle a few times, still no luck.  I started my search for a person wearing a orange vest.   The first employee I encountered said they would get someone from plumbing to assist me.  I waited another 10 minutes and someone finally came.  I told him I need a vacuum breaker and he said,  ”I don’t know what that is, but I don’t think we have any.”  Really?!
 
When I shop at Lowe’s, there are always knowledgeable people on hand to help me find what I need.  If the person I ask doesn’t know the answer, he’ll find someone who does.  It also appears that the people who work at Lowe’s really enjoy their jobs.  I find the opposite attitude at Home Depot.
 
Selection Comparison
In general, I think Home Depot has more products, but Lowe’s sometimes has a better selection of  harder-to-find categories.  I prefer Lowe’s lumber department because I find the quality better, but Home Depot’s tool and lumber selection are far larger.  Doors,  windows and hardware departments are about the same, but Home Depot has more large appliances.
 
Organization
  
Lowe’s seems better organized.  It’s much easier to find and price items.  I spend too much time searching for things at Home Depot, and this puts me in a bad mood.  When I leave Lowe’s, I always feel like I’ve gotten a lot accomplished, and that puts me in a better mood after I leave. 
 
Paint Department 
   
I’ve  found the color options at Lowe’s to be much better than Home Depot’s.  Home Depot’s colors always seem to be a bit off, and they don’t have a wide selection.   I’ve also had problems finding someone competent to mix paint and have had problems matching colors.
 
Lowe’s has several paint collections, and I have found many great colors there.  I have better luck with the associates behind the counter, and they also work regular schedules so I know who will be working during a given shift.  They also have small sample pints that are very inexpensive.
 
Overall, Lowe’s is definitely better for the new homeowner and DIYers.  If you need home decor hardware, Lowe’s is the perfect choice.  If you know exactly what you need or have a big project, opt for Home Depot.
