by Nick W on Tuesday, May 25th, 2010 | 10 Comments
Home Depot stores are well-known in the united states but wait, how many know that the company is also the world’s largest home improvement corporation? This makes it an excellent choice for new job seekers who desire a powerful launching pad for their career, whether nationally or internationally. Working for this home improvement retailer can provide employees with the customer service and organizational skills required to flourish in many jobs. Before applying for a position at Home Depot, however, it is worth learning about the various employment opportunities, job benefits and more.
You will find a wide selection of career and job options available at Home Depot, including those offered as part of the Store Management Team. These teams include stores managers, assistant store managers and asset protection managers. The store manager often moves up through the store management team, usually after having been an assistant store manager – and perhaps after working in a variety of jobs in the Home Depot stores.
As the head of the management team, the store manager has to oversee the rest of the employees who are part of his or her team, including up to 150 people. Job hours need to be flexible and can consist of more than 55 hours a week. For a highly motivated individual who wants a challenging job with benefits, working or Home Depot as a head manager could be very rewarding.
What about benefits offered by Home Depot? Select employees, including all members of the Store Management Team, are eligible for 401(K) retirement plans, bonuses, health insurance (which include vision and dental benefits),same sex domestic partner benefits and the opportunity to purchase company stock. Salaries tend to be relatively high in comparison with similar home improvement retailers.
Employees at Home Depot have another perk, not widely known, but noted when the job seeker is hired. This benefit is the Home Depot Associate Discounts site and yes it makes working for the organization even more attractive. Very deep discounts can be used by employees when purchasing products for his or her own home maintenance needs. Whether living in an apartment or house, this perk may help employees save a great deal of money on basic home supplies, from paint to flooring materials.
Other Home Depot jobs and careers include working as a Sales Associate, Cashier or Lot Associate. Those who are employed in sales work directly with customers. They are expected to be pro-active and offer to assist customers. Skilled sales associates learn to ask the proper questions so that customers don’t feel uncomfortable seeking help. Cashiers are expected to quickly and efficiently make sure that items go through check-out lines. Lot Associates generally work outside and help load merchandise quickly into trucks or cars so that the exterior of Home Depot looks uncluttered and uncrowded.
Both full-time and part-time employees at Home Depot have access to benefits. Those who work full-time, either hourly or as salaried associates have medical insurance, health savings accounts, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance. Part-time associates have a smaller range of benefits however they are still significant, including medical, dental, vision and life insurance in addition to short-term disability insurance.
Time-off options include holidays, vacations, sick leave, jury duty, bereavement days and leave of absence, including time for military duty. To apply at Home Depot, it is easy to go to their main web site and check for openings in a particular areas. Bilingual candidates are in high demand and it is helpful to contact managers before the Grand Opening of new stores, well before the opening day, to check out possible employment opportunities.
Related posts:
