Other Benefits
Lowe’s Job Application
To apply to a Lowe’s job opening near you, simply click on a Lowe’s job title below and fill out a Lowe’s job application online. If you don’t see a local Lowe’s job opening in the list, scroll to the bottom to view all Lowe’s jobs hiring and enter your location in the search box on the next page of results.
WHAT
job title, keywords or company
city, state or zip
jobs by
Customer Service
At Lowe’s, our success, and our reputation as a respected industry leader, are built largely on our dedication to exceptional customer service. We take great pride in creating great customer experiences within our retail stores. That’s why we seek talented, can-do individuals who share our commitment to excellence, and who desire an environment where accomplishment is rewarded, and where opportunity is nearly limitless.
Sales Specialist
There’s variety everywhere you look at Lowe’s – from the 40,000 products we stock in store and the 500,000 products available by special order, to the amazing diversity of career paths we offer employees. Even within specialty sales, there are 18 unique products categories. So, no matter what your particular expertise may be, opportunities for driven, personable and customer-minded sales professionals are plentiful here at Lowe’s.
Management
Nowhere is the tremendous opportunity for growth and success at Lowe’s more evident than at the Store Management level. Many of our current Store and District Managers began their careers in entry-level sales, and support positions. Our innovative employee development programs provide fast-track opportunities for hard-working, dedicated individuals who share our commitment to excellence.
Loss Prevention
An incredible example of a career path where you have everything to gain, is right here in Loss Prevention at Lowe’s. With over 40,000 products routinely stocked in our stores, the responsibility for protecting our inventory, while helping create a safe and pleasant environment for our employees and customers is crucial to our success. Individuals with a keen eye for detail, and a developed ability to ensure policies and procedures are followed will thrive in this role.
Is your job search effective? Are you taking advantage of the latest tips and tricks for landing a new job? Stop wasting valuable time and learn what it takes to find a job in today's tough economy by visiting our library of job tips .
