by Nick W on Tuesday, May 25th, 2010 | 3 Comments
Founded in Wilkesboro North Carolina in 1946 Lowe’s has over 1,700 stores in the U.S. and 7 in Canada. There is at least one stores in all fifty states. It isn’t hard to see why the corporation is one of the Fortune 500’s top fifty companies, and is the second largest home improvement retailer. Because of this, you will find an abundance of job and career opportunities available, and men and women work with Lowe’s for many reasons. One could be that the availability of opportunities within their store, distribution centers and corporate offices give you the chance to work side by side with some of the friendliest people there are.
One of the other reasons why individuals are coming to Lowe’s to start a career could be the extensive job benefits packages. Their health care plans include medical, dental, vision, and even prescription drugs, and you have many different options. You can find the basic plans that include HMO, as well as different customizable options. You will also get a number of different life insurance options, from supplemental, dependent term, and even accident insurance. You also get paid sick days and long or short term disability insurance, in case you suffer from an accident or some illness.
There are several other employment benefits to those working at Lowe’s. You have two different options when it comes to retirement, one is the standard Lowe’s 401K plan, but you also have an option to buy stocks in the company, which you can have deducted from your earnings, and for fifteen percent lower than what they would be offered regularly. They also offer many different programs, including help with child care expenses, financial support just in case something happens like a death in the family, as well as paid vacations and of course paid holidays. Numerous job benefits are available to not only full time employees, but part-time workers as well.
At Lowe’s, they don’t just thrust their new employee’s into the home improvement atmosphere. There is an extensive 90 training program that shows new workers the ropes. There are training sessions and meetings where you will learn who you are working with and for, and get a comprehensive look into the company, so you will always get started on the right foot.
There are numerous job positions to choose from. At the retail stores, you have many opportunities for full and part-time positions, including customer service, dealing directly with people coming in, helping them to find the right product for their needs, and even giving helpful and friendly advice for those who aren’t sure what their home improvement needs are exactly. There are sales specialists, who are in charge of the retail sales, in and around the store. You could even start a career in store management, where you will oversee the daily operation of whatever retail branch you are at, making sure that everyone and everything is running at peak efficiency.
There are many corporate job opportunities as well. There are positions where you will oversee many stores in your area. There are positions in finance, and accounting, information technologies, marketing and merchandising, along with many others. You can also find a number of positions within the distribution areas, either in warehouses, ensuring every day operations are running smoothly, or in the transportation department. This may include delivering products to homes, or even from one center to another. The career and job options are endless at Lowe’s and is a terrific place to start a new career.
Related posts:
