Chicago, IL
10/24/2007
We had a horrible experience with Lowe's. I never had any strong feelings for Lowe's before, though for some reason I leaned toward it a bit more than Home Depot (for some reason, it seems a little cleaner in a Lowe's than an HD, and less warehouse-y).
We went to this Lowe's, instead of the one in Lincolnwood that is 10 minutes away, because they had an A/C installer available. We purchased two A/C units and signed a contract for installation with them, with the promise by the clerk that we would receive a call within 48 hours to set up a time for installation.
I called the following Saturday - after almost a week had gone by (we purchased on a Sunday) to find out why we hadn't been called, and to set up an installation. The girl who answered informed me that the people who work in that department were not there past 4 pm on Saturday. The next time I called I did get an employee in the installation sales department, and she informed me that the reason our purchase hadn't been installed was because we had been charged for installation of only one of the A/C units, not two. Of course I was a bit annoyed by this, and she went on to say that she could charge the second installation to the same credit card and set up a time for installation. I told her that since it wasn't my card, it wasn't my place to allow them to charge additional funds, and that I would have to find out when would be a good time for installation (both of us work during the week, and since it had been a week already we didn't want to have to wait until the following weekend for installation).
We called again to find out what the total charge would be and what installation dates & times were available, and learned that she had in fact charged the additional fee (over $100) to the credit card. At that point, we refused to allow the service and demanded a refund of the installation charges. I haven't been to Lowe's since, and don't plan on returning anytime soon; I also make sure to let people know to be careful when dealing with them.
The whole experience bothered me on several levels. For one thing, the woman in installation sales made several assumptions; one, that I was the wife of the credit card holder; the second being that if I was the wife, I would automatically be an authorized user of the credit card. On top of that, we paid for an installation of at least one of the units, even if the employee who rang up our purchase forgot to charge a second one. Since we didn't get any break on more than one installation (it was the same charge per installation for 1 or 10 installations), they should have come out to install the first unit, then come out a second time if they had to. The fact that the installation sales department didn't even feel the need to contact us about the installation OR the mistake in charge destroyed any faith I have in the reliability and professionalism of Lowe's.
Was this review …?
