Wrong way to treat customers
Complaint Rating:
Tweet
I'd like to share with you an incident that has happened at my local Home Depot and the difference Lowes made for me. I have always been a loyal shopper of Home Depot and since I do not like change I was never planning on visiting any competitors.
Well Sunday, Aug 12 I decided to go to my local Home Depot to spend about $12,000.00 just on my kitchen. I also have other rooms to take care of but this was first. When I entered the kitchen design area I decided to look at all the selections they had and I liked a lot of them. When I passed the desks where they help you design your kitchen I noticed one associate helping a gentlemen and about two other associates towards the front of the kitchen area. I think the other associates were there for the washer/dryer section so I didn't bother them. Well ten minutes has now passed and after walking all through the department a few times I kept coming back to the desk where the associate was helping the customer. I know for a fact she saw me but was busy. I could sense they were finishing up and waited right there. When they were done she got up and walked right by me, I mean right in front of me! I figured she had to finish a transaction or something but instead she went to where the other two associates were and just started talking and relaxing with them.
I hovered right around her area and finally leaned against her desk. All of a sudden another associate named Corrie came around the corner and asked if there was anything I needed. I said "I would love it if someone helped me". She sat down at the desk and I asked her if she could help me since I didn't want the associate who just walked by me to help me. Corrie said she was in the middle of something but said "You should've said something?"
I didn't know as a customer I have certain rules to follow in your store. Why didn't she acknowledge my presence and then tell me she would be with me in a few? Nothing!!! Corrie kind of looked at me funny so I said could I please talk to the store manager. She told me he wasn't in.
I figured he wouldn't be, I mean it was Sunday. I said then get me someone else. Within 30 seconds two guys are standing there right in front of me. Asking me what the problem was and that I shouldn't be yelling. Now I'm pissed, you send two assistant managers who act like I am a hazard to the store, embarrassing me, and telling me I'm yelling. Not only was I not yelling, I didn't even talk loud. Come to find out my neighbors where there and when they passed by they saw the whole thing and later that evening asked why I was surrounded by these people.
Thanks a lot!
This assistant manager 'Steve' although he was professional could not understand what was wrong. When I told him what Corrie had done and how I felt he told me not to talk about her and that we can get you someone else to help you. I said this is not right that she just gives me a look like something is wrong and tells me I had screwed up on getting help. Steve says we'll talk to her privately and that I am not addressing him when talking about the problem. Are you guys hiring thugs for some made up security department? I really don't care what kind of story they give you because the bottom line is I had all the money to hand over to Home Depot, Corrie could not see why it was wrong for telling me, a customer that I didn't do my job by not saying anything.
The two Assistant Manager guys came to the conclusion that I should shop somewhere else instead of offering ways to resolve this issue or sorry this store could not satisfy you but flat out that I need to be spending my money somewhere else. Is this what you want?
I even told them that I don't want to go anywhere else and could they find me someone else. They said yes but the designer "Mark" was not in that day. Steve finally gave me the store manager's card and I left upset and confused.
I know this is not what Home Depot wants and the rest of the store has great people there. I like them and know some of them from experiences there. Now it seems this has to come to an end because you have one department and two commando style managers that think I'm out of control.
Now here's what happened when I left Home Depot.
I go to Lowes and walk to the kitchen department, there is one guy on the computer and another lady finishing something up. The lady stands up and says "Hello, I can help you in a just a minute. I'm just setting up an appointment." She proceeds to help me, sends me on my way with a ton of how-to books and examples and sets an appointment with me for Sat Aug 18. I walk out of the store and even the hot-dog lady told me to have a nice day. Do you know how good that felt?
I did call Home Depot customer care and they were very helpful and again I know this is not the stores way to treat someone, I'm not dumb. I just hope that someone tells Corrie that she should address things differently so she can grow to be the best associate for you. I tried to include Vinny the store manager in this email but his address is no good on his card.
Thank you,
