By Stacey Doyle on 2011-02-15
As unemployment continues to plague the nation some careers may get a boost as Home Depot intends to hire over 60,000 seasonal workers to handle the spring season rush for home improvement supplies.
Workers continuing to seek employment will be pleased to discover Home Depot is hiring more than 60,000 seasonal workers across the country.  The leading home retailer is anticipating the springtime rush to buy home improvement supplies and wants to be ready to handle it.
CNN Money reports Craig Menear, the executive vice president for merchandising at Home Depot, said, “Spring is our Christmas and traffic is at its highest during this season.”
Much like other leading retailers hire around Thanksgiving to cover the holiday rush, Home Depot is hiring workers to handle a period referred to as its “spring Black Friday.”  The term refers to the kickoff weekend after Thanksgiving when the holiday shopping rush is at its highest.  For the seller of home improvement supplies and tools, spring is the busy season.
Seasonal workers will be hired by Home Depot during the months of February and March, 2011.  The home improvement retailer also intends to add “new permanent full-time and part-time positions to its stores for the second year in a row.”
Bloomberg reports the temporary staff will work from March through mid-June.  Menear did not state home many full-time and part-time workers will be hired permanently.  As of January 31, 2011, Home Depot had 317,000 employees which included 298,000 temporary or hourly workers.
Those seeking permanent employment might find the job security they crave at Home Depot.  For others who are still looking for work in a particular field, a temporary Home Depot job can help cover the bills until other employment is secured.
Home Depot adding thousands of jobs comes right after a sign the current job market could be improving.  On February 10, 2011, the United States Department of Labor reported weekly jobless claims plummeted to their lowest level in about two and a half years.
In January, the national unemployment rate went down to 9 percent from 9.4 percent the previous month.  There was conflicting information on the monthly report but it appears employment opportunities are slowly starting to improve as Home Depot looks to fill more than 60,000 seasonal jobs.
For the year ending January 30, Home Depot generated a total revenue of $67.7 billion.  Next month, Home Depot will lure customers with discounts on garden tools, cooking grills and other outdoor supplies for their “Spring Black Friday” promotions running for four weekends across the United States.
