No  reviews for Home Depot.
Delete Comment
Are you sure you want to delete this review comment?
Ok
Amy
Posted on 12/20/10
In response to the previous comment: I think sometimes our expectations may be a bit high. These are, after-all, not "builder...
See More
In response to the previous comment: I think sometimes our expectations may be a bit high. These are, after-all, not "builders" or :contractors" working at The Home Depot for minimum wage. If they had half the experience we expect them to have they'd be out on site somewhere building something making better pay and we'd still be expecting the minimum wagers at The Home Depot to be the wealth of knowledge we ourselves would like to believe we are. Which begs the question, if we know it all then why do we need to ask the guy at Home Depot? And if your rant was about being treated rudely, the correct avenue of action would be to call the store directly and report the experience to the powers that be instead of besmirching the reputation of an entire company for one associates poor phone etiquette.
Mr. Heck
I don't expect them to be experts, I just wanted Windows and Doors to see if a particular item I had bought their before was on the shelf before I drove. Anyone can check a shelf or computer. Can you read, I never wanted an expert ma'am?  I don't agree with thinking they get minimum wage. Home Depot is one of the best paying business' out there for non-experts.  I did tell the first person I spoke to that," twice now the man you keep sending me to is hanging up on me and she said "hold please", like she was going to do something different. Nope, third time and same guy.  So I have done my part and love being treated fairly and in a good manner by both Lowe's at Tillmans Corner and Schlinger/Airport Blvd. So you ma'am can go to Home Depot but I will not. Have fun and please read comments correctly! I love this avenue of besmirching by the way!
01/30/11
Mr. Heck
Posted on 11/13/10
Call them and you will see, they are unprofessional! I was trying to get to Windows and Doors and kept getting lumber. The guy at...
See More
Call them and you will see, they are unprofessional! I was trying to get to Windows and Doors and kept getting lumber. The guy at lumber hung up on me so never will I use them again! Customer service is horrible!
