Filling out the Lowe’s application may be your best career move. Submit an online application form now to take advantage of Lowe’s job openings. Apply online to find Lowe’s stores hiring new workers today.
Employment Opportunities at Lowe’s
The online Lowe’s application form aids prospective associates seeking a retail career in the hardware store industry. Apply online to receive hiring consideration with Lowe’s now. Complete the Lowe’s online job application to find nationwide retail employment opportunities.
Whether you seek an entry-level job or hope to begin a lasting career with a retail giant, Lowe’s may want to put you to work immediately. Lowe’s needs to hire entry-level workers and professional employees alike and must staff both part-time vacancies and full-time jobs. Prospective associates over the age of 18 may apply online with Lowe’s. Fill out the Lowe’s employment application to find career opportunities in retail.
An entry-level Lowe’s employee often starts in a customer service associate job. Entry-level duties including assisting customers, operating registers, and completing other assigned tasks. Professional Lowe’s workers often find managerial or administrative careers. Professional duties vary greatly according to job title, department of operations, and experience level. Professional Lowe’s applicants may need to meet educational or work history requirements to receive hiring consideration.
If you begin the online Lowe’s job application, you might start earning the competitive salary and quality job benefits you desire in a new career. Apply online with Lowe’s to receive immediate employment consideration in the hardware retail industry. Finish the Lowe’s online application form to find local and international Lowe’s jobs today.
Lowe’s Job Options and Salary Information
Lowe’s must often fill part-time vacancies and full-time jobs across its retail store chain. The company often needs to hire entry-level employees and professional associates. Prospective Lowe’s workers may apply online to find available hardware store jobs and locations hiring workers. Lowe’s must regularly fill the following retail positions:
Cashier – Lowe’s cashiers assist customers with final purchases. Cashier duties include ringing up goods, handling money, and completing other tasks as assigned. Lowe’s cashiers often receive starting pay rates near minimum wage depending on experience. Browse the Lowe’s cashier job description .
Sales Associate – Sales associates with Lowe’s often stock shelves and assist customers with questions or concerns. Sales representative job duties include answering questions, possessing knowledge of products and purposes, and keeping store displays tidy. Lowe’s sales associates often receive starting pay scales between $9 and $12 per hour, depending on experience and department. Take a look at the Lowe’s sales associate job description .
Management – Supervisors at Lowe’s maintain store efficiency. Managerial jobs include store manager, assistant manager, department supervisor, and team leader positions. Managers schedule workers, train employees, hire new associates, and oversee daily store operations. A Lowe’s manager may earn a starting yearly salary between $20,000 and $65,000 per year, according to job title, department, and previous work experience. Read the Lowe’s manager job description .
Lowe’s retail stores may need to hire several other workers, including customer service desk associates and installers. Lowe’s may also need several corporate and administrative workers to staff available office positions across the U.S. Lowe’s hires distribution workers to fill driver and warehouse associate jobs, as well. Various Lowe’s positions include delivery driver, administrative assistant, loss prevention and safety specialist, shipping and receiving associate, and numerous other available jobs.
Benefits of Working at Lowe’s
Lowe’s offers every employee job benefits . Even entry-level Lowe’s workers enjoy the work benefits of flexible scheduling, compensated job training, and competitive pay rates for the retail industry immediately upon hire. Eligible Lowe’s associates may receive additional employment perks, including future-planning benefits, health and wellness benefits packages, and further employee benefits.
Future planning perks at Lowe’s include 401(k) retirement accounts and life insurance plans. Lowe’s health and wellness benefits offer medical insurance and dependent care benefits. Additional employment benefits at Lowe’s include paid time off, community volunteer programs, and tuition reimbursement.
Read more about Lowe’s benefits .
Lowe’s Video Application:
History
In 1921, Lucius S. Lowe opened a hardware store, Lowe’s North Wilkesboro Hardware, in North Wilkesboro, NC. The Lowe family operated Lowe’s hardware store into the next generation and began expanding with new locations in 1949. The Lowe’s executive team took the company public in 1961, shortly after the owner and son-in-law of Lucius Lowe, Carl Buchan, died of a heart attack. Lowe’s expanded across the U.S. for several decades and recently took its business outside the U.S., as well.
Special Services
Lowe’s operates box-style warehouse hardware stores. Lowe’s offers lumber, hardware goods, tools, lawn and garden equipment, and home appliances. Seasonally, Lowe’s sells live plants. Lowe’s even offers lighting fixtures and window coverings. Lowe’s provides installation services, knowledgeable sales workers, and free advice to homeowners, contractors, and the DIY crowd. Plumbers, roofers, carpenters, flooring experts, and handymen may all find products and services as well as specialized tools at Lowe’s hardware stores.
Community Involvement
Lowe’s gives back to the communities supporting its business. Nationwide, Lowe’s sponsors over 1,100 education projects, 900 community involvement projects, and 300 safe and affordable housing projects. Lowe’s partners with the American Red Cross and provides vital assistance for disaster survivors worldwide. Lowe’s operates its own Lowe’s Charitable and Educational Foundation to support school improvement projects across the U.S. Lowe’s and Rebuilding Together work as partners to improve the homes of low income families throughout the U.S.
Environmental
Lowe’s dedicates resources to enhancing environmental sustainability and eco-friendly policies. Lowe’s provides customers with environmentally-responsible products. The company utilizes recycled packaging when feasible and remains committed to lowering energy, fuel, and water usage across its network of retail stores, distribution operations, and manufacturing plants. Lowe’s works to minimize its corporate environmental footprint in many different ways.
International
Aside from nearly 1,800 U.S. retail stores, Lowe’s operates locations in Canada and Australia. Lowe’s operates a steadily growing network of locations across Canada and works in a limited partnership with Woolworths to maintain its growing line of Australia stores. Lowe’s entered the Mexican market with two store openings in Monterrey. Lowe’s employs more than 230,000 employees worldwide and operates from international headquarters in Wilkesboro, NC. Lowe’s plans to operate more than 50 Canadian locations and 150 Australian stores by 2015 as well as steadily growing its Mexican retail business.
Financial
Lowe’s trades publicly on the NYSE under ticker symbol LOW and reports yearly revenues exceeding $48 billion. Lowe’s operates approximately 1,800 stores across the globe and plans to continue expanding in the future. Lowe’s employs over 230,000 employees globally and operates in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Australia. Lowe’s reports an operating income of more than $3 billion and operates from company headquarters in Wilkesboro, NC. Lowe’s operates the second-largest hardware retail chain of stores in the U.S. and competes with national chains, like The Home Depot and Menards.
