By a CareerLeak Contributor
Home Depot Goes the Extra Mile to Hire Military Personnel
While many businesses do their best to make their employment practices open to members of the military, Home Depot's "Operation Career Front " goes one step further by providing career opportunities to members of the armed forces and their families.
Continue: Home Depot's Operation Career Front
Home Depot Background InformationHome Depot believes in values becoming passion and turning into a day-to-day way to live. They strive to have each one of their employees embody an entrepreneurial spirit and to take ownership of the position they are filling within the company. Home Depot looks to teach from within with comprehensive training programs that are meant for a person's current position, as well as positions that they may find appealing in the future. They preach good judgment and stress an importance of doing the right thing, instead of doing things correctly. In doing the right thing, Home Depot encourages their employees to help customers in any situation. 
Positions with Home Depot
Since Home Depot services so many different client needs, there are literally thousands of different jobs offered within the company. The jobs are outdoors, in a store location, and within the walls of an office. Some of the positions offered by Home Depot are:
Home Depot Associate
Having good quality products available (in-stock, broad selection) 
Making it easy and safe for customers to shop in the stores (uncluttered, navigable store)
Giving customers good value 
Providing customers with the help they need
Offering extra services (installation, delivery, special orders, etc.) 
Making the shopping experience exciting and fun
Cross Merchandising Associates
Responsible for the daily physical replenishment, set-up, pack down, maintenance and signage for all permanent and store choice off-shelf positions
Must possess the ability to learn and follow procedures and pay attention to detail
Provide excellent customer service skills
Ensure the work environment is safe and follow the safety policies and standards
Correct all hazards and report the conditions to the manager
 
Gaining Employment with Home Depot
In filling out an application for Home Depot, most people seeking employment will find a technologically advanced website. The application process differs from most companies, due to the ability to send multiple resumes and applications to numerous store locations with one click of a button. Instead of having to tediously resubmit application after application and resume after resume, a user can apply for up to ten stores at one time.
Home Depot also has hiring partnerships with the Department of Labor, AARP, The Art Institutes, National Council for La Raza and the Departments of Veterans Affairs.
Blog
