Bellevue, WA
5/19/2009
My husband and I don't often blacklist stores. We have decided to blacklist this Lowes in particular over this particular incident:
We went to return a truckload of bathroom fixtures (they all just didn't work in terms of style with our place in the end) spread across three receipts. Now technically it isn't actually that hard to return lots of stuff across lots of receipts (scan each item, scan each receipt, click a button and magically it is done!). Not only that, we went an hour before closing on a Friday night, just to ensure that we wouldn't be holding anyone else up in line (which we didn't). It took us about 30-45 minutes to return these items...too long I should think for a scan-scan-click job.
So the girl that was helping us (Danielle) was new and hadn't done returns before. Fair enough. During this transaction she did everything right, it's her co-workers (specifically her managers) who did everything wrong. There were two department managers on the floor who she was getting guidance from. The only problem is, they would tell her something, then leave to help a customer, or just meander around and leave her hanging on the next step!!! Meanwhile poor Danielle is thrashing as she waits for guidance on what the next step is (and all other employees are surprisingly absent, or just walking absently by), and as her computer system begins to spaz out on her from completing the transactions! She waves over one of the managers, who appears to be unable to help her and he just kinda, well...leaves here there!!! He's a manager for gods-sake, he's the one she's supposed to turn to when things go wrong. Just because he can't figure it out, doesn't mean he leaves one of his employees in the lurch! While, granted, the other manager on duty was helping another customer, it still confuses me as to why that manager to direct another Lowes employee just randomly walking around to help out their peer???
All in all, incredibly unimpressed with the service. Go to Home Depot instead, this would certainly not happen there.
Oh and to Danielle, my poor salesgirl, you did a GREAT job, you kept your head under ridiculous circumstances that were out of your control :)
To the managers on duty that night...two thumbs down.
Was this review …?
