Lowe's stock, is a principle stock in my investment portfolio, held by my investment firm.
It distresses me to see lost sales due to employee ignorance.
Today's social media can, and does, have direct, immediate, influence on a company's bottom line.
This is the third in recent months, in the Memphis,TN. area that has shed negative light on "Lowe's."
excerpt from Face-Book social media site:
Prince Mongo:
Spirits went to Lowes and bought a washer/dryer for a friend, on way out to get my truck 3 employees standing in aisle look at me and laugh and wont move, I asked if they would prefer I walk around to another aisle, they just laughed, I walked around to another aisle alright, THE RETURN DESK= NO SALE!!!
--for those unfamiliar with "Prince Mongo" AKA Robert Hodges.
He is an eccentric Local Memphis native, middle-age, white man, who's wealthy parents left him a moderate annuity. He circumvented the "Annuity" by "acting insane" to gain access to more money. He is a frequent Memphis Mayoral candidate, and frequently in the news. This guy appears as a hippy, long hair, and is known to wear a ammo belt slung over one shoulder, loaded with small rubber chickens. But trust me, he is anything but crazy. Crazy like a fox! He is no trouble maker either, but is quick to point out injustices where-ever found. He is very open, and has a very loving personality. He never meets a stranger. Practices local philanthropy,Very easy to talk to,he is well loved by most of the people of Memphis.
I suggest your employees stop critiquing the dress/appearance of your clientele,offer a genuine smile,ask to help them with their purchases, and add: "Thank You, Please Come Back To See Us."
jason sawyers
1/25/12
i live in clemmons nc and i have and still are remodeling my condo for the past 3 months. i have used the store on hanes mall blv. and i have spent almost 20,000.00 and i gutede the whole condo and replaced with all new through out. to start off with i had to get a coustom shower and it had to be ordered so i gave them a drawing of it right off thr rip and they messed it up 3 different time witch means they bought it 3 time at 1800.00 a pop so 2.5 months later i get my shower and i get home and start to install it and they did not cut and allow for the thickness of theoir material at 5/8 on all 3 panels and it is marbel so i had to cut it myself i am so sick of that store and now i am having trouble with my counter tops that are granite and they are screwing me around after i paid 1800.00 for them also  i also have had problems with them on not ordering the right things like a frig  just to let the public know THIS STORE SUCKS AND NEEDS TO BE SHUT DOWN DUE TO LACK OF KNOWING WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON
Robert Cyphers
1/21/12
I have owned a business for over thirty-five years. I shop at Lowes for personal and business use. I see products that were sold at Lowes made in the USA like from Cambell ( Apex Tool Group ) they have been replaced by Blue Hawk which is distibuted by Leigh, product made in China. It's just a pack of " S " hooks. I would pay more for the USA product over the China product.  I will support America. I feel Lowes is also helping to sell America down the river, they are not helping this country. Is this what corporate greed is all about ?
mike bloom
1/18/12
I'll make this short  I live in pocatello idaho  went to lowes to purchase carpet  was told by the carpet sales person  would b 99 dollars to install  this was a flat out lie  I know I can't spell  this carpet was going to cost me 500 dollars  to install I think this is lowes policy  to sell more carpet  I have work for the city of pocatello idaho  4  26 years  I know every contractor in this town  I'm sure you don't care about this  but this was wrong  I will not go to lowes again  and every contractor I see I will tell them this  you will lose more than 500 dollars  thank you for your time
Linda
1/18/12
I went to our local Lowe's to purchas spot lightbulbs.  All the bulbs in your store are made in China.   I don't knowingly purchase goods made in China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and other countries who hate America.  Will you please start stocking American-made goods?   Your store is close to my home and we always try to buy locally, but I will purchase online or elsewhere in order to find MADE IN THE USA products.   I own a large home and plan to replace a washer and dryer as well as doing several large projects inside and out in the next year.  Please make us proud by making American made goods available.   It would be great to see a sign outside Lowe's stores that say, "CREATE AMERICAN JOBS.....BUY AMERICAN GOODS HERE".   Come on management.......help America NOW!
Michael Dominique
1/18/12
My name is Michael Dominique. I retired from the US Navy after 21yrs of service. Since retiring I spent three years in Iraq and Afghanistan as a civilian contractor conducting 100+ combat missions as a civilian alongside the US Army. I have a college degree in Business Management, 12yrs experience in management positions as an E-6 and E-7 while on active duty. I served as a Navy EOD Diver and even two years with Naval Special Warfare Unit Eight conducting combat missions in Kosovo as a stand alone bomb disposal technician supporting Army SF, Rangers, and US Navy SEALS. Im 46 years old, dont smoke, in great shape and have ZERO medical conditions. I attended numerous schools while on active duty for leadership, management, and absolutely epitimize the self motivated, goal oriented, team player. Last week 1/12/2011 I went to Lowe's in Paris TN and applied for a job as a sales associate. While sitting at their computer terminal I noticed Lowe's took great pride in printing and posting a letter boasting of how Lowe's supports and appraciates Veterans and their families. The Manager from Paris TN Lowe's location called me and promptly told I was underqualified to be employed as a sales associate. OMG, AYKM? Really, AYKM?    By all means Lowe's I'd love to hear from your corporate office and hear how you explain this. I have a professional resume dating back over 24yrs. My email address is domin23322@yahoo.com.
keepingthepeace KarmaKelli
1/13/12
My father has built homes since i was a child (im 33 now) and he has built the majority of new homes that have been built in Maryland, dc, and Virginia in the last 25yrs.  He has spent tons, n i mean tons, of money buying materials from your store (believe me when i say that it is prob in the 8digits since i did a lot of the bookkeeping).  I dont know about this whole muslim incident....but i would guess that Lowes removed it for a reason, such as they were worried about offending people and hadnt realized it when they put it out; however, a lot of these comments are from dumb, ignorant, racist, closeminded individuals!  What does 911 have to do with the whole muslim race anyways?  Its like us saying screw and hate the germans because hitler was a german.  Come on get real.  I actually feel sorry for you all because the type of person you are determines the way you behave and view the world, therefore, its usually what you will get back out of it.  Who are we to judge anyone?  Arent we all individuals, unique in talents, appearances, skills, knowledge, style, etc?  What matters is not to make a judgement on someone you dont even know, how would u like if it was done to you?  GOLDEN RULE GUYS....LIVE AND LOVE BY IT <3
I work with at risk youth everyday in WV who were raised by ignorant people just like you, and now im the one cleaning up the mess you made.  Its just plain mean, whether it is bullying, judging one another, harassment, or making fun of someone for being gay...just because they are not like you.  Well you know what?  Id say that they are lucky to not be like you!  If you wanna judge someone, do it on the color of their aura or their heart.    Amen!
Corey C Jones
1/13/12
hey my name is corey c Jones and i worked at lowes in new bern for 5yrs and busted my be-hind and i recently was denied and i cant believe it I have loader experience and can run a cash register is it because iam a 6 yr felon ? wich I became a felon after i left lowes for there crooked ways not saying all lowes just the ones that was at my store hmmm i thought they couldnt hold that against me besides its my first ever and only charge and a case of me being in the wrong place at the wrong time and honestly i have not had a real job since i feel lowes is still in my veins and I really need a Job I have a 2yr old beautiful daughter to feed the same way you big corp. /managers have families to feed also iam not a bad guy iam a nice person who love good honest hard work anybody no the Number to call because the HR will not hire me back and i gave lowes my all even the crooked store manager that forced me to quit he got fired in to early retirement for having sex in the office with a employee by the district manager Lee mcconel Lowes store New bern ,NC I mean we kept switchin managers and they cheated me on my raises man it hurts when you know you gave 100 percent and got treated like trash when i started at lowes in 2002 it was the happiest day of my life and when I left it was the saddest dear lord here my cry in jesus name my email is fr8music@hotmail.com
Steven Brown
1/15/12
Let me just start off saying that i have been in process of remodling my home for over the past five years.  I have shopped lowes plenty of times and have spent lots of money at different locals and not so locals lowes stores.  Last night i was out of town about an hour and a half away and decide to stop in lowes and look to see what they might have that was different or on sale i really didnt need any one item.  After walking around the store in Columbia Missouri for a little bit i started being follows really close by five employees they all asked if they could help me find anything more then once and i just explained i was just looking and pricing items.  They all contiued to follow me all over the store.  I felt like i was being harrassed  decided just to leave so i bought a pop and left the store.  As i was leaving the store one guy followed me to parking lot.  I then googled the phone number to that store and called to talk to the manager on duty about this issue.  Come to find out the man that followed me out was the  manager i then asked if they was a reason for following me and he replied with some comment along the lines of you tell me why was following you.  I then hung up the phone and walked up to talk to him in person and asked him his name he was very smart and rude with me and explained he didnt have to give me his last name so i then left.  This wasnt my first time going to this store i have bought lots of high dollars items at that store like shingles and osb board.  Really is that how lowes customers are treated just because they want to look around.  Well waiting to hear back from the store manager hope i dont get the bs run around story i got from the other assistant manager that called me back last night.  If so I wont be shopping that or any other lowes again untill this issue is made right starting by apology from the smart mouthed assistant manager.
SECOND CHANCE AUTO *Ray Diaz* owner
1/12/12
Joseph E.Prado has been at your Dallas store off of I-30 and Westmoreland in Oak Cliff
he is trying to get credit by using my shop name.I have spoke to State Comptrollers
AMERICAN PATRIOT ! TOM THE EVENGER !
1/9/12
I, TOM THE AMERICAN PATRIOT, WILL NOW AND FOREVER, TILL MY DIEING BREATH, WILL STAND UP FOR LOWES COMPANY AND OUR AMERICAN RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS, AGAINST ANY POLITICAL CORRECTNESS IDIOTS THAT THINK THAT AMERICA IS GOING TO STAND BY AND BELEIVE THAT ISLAM IS NOT TRYING TO TAKE OVER AND CHANGE OUR AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE! MY DEAREST FRIENDS WILL NO LONGER TOLERATE THIS IN AMERICA OR IN THE PRESSENTLY OCCUPIED WHITE HOUSE! VOTEING THEM OUT IS GOING TO BE OUR ONLY REDEMPTION! WE, AS AMERICANS WILL NOT GIVE UP AMERICA WITHOUT A FIGHT! THANK GOD FOR THE AMERICANS AT LOWES WHO STAND UP FOR OUR AMERICAN WAYS AND OUR FIRST AMMENDMENT!
Blessing
I want to marry very rich woman
Larry wallace
1/10/12
I want to see how Lowes can make my small business move forward. I have a few ideas actually but before you answer, I want you to get a better view of what I do by visiting www.ThatsHowWeRoll.biz.
You will see I have been advertising for Lowes for free for some time now. I also have that moto "That's How We Roll" registered and trade marked. I want to either sell the moto to Lowes and/or use this moto for all Lowes stores. It is a moto that can't be beat when it comes to marketing, especially for paint products and services. Please contact me through my information on my web-site. Please also forward this information to the marketing/advertisement team(s). I also have a lot of great ideas for marketing. I would like to start at the Lowes in my home town, this Lowes generates many customers but it could generate more with my help. Thank you.
WD123
1/10/12
I wanted to write and let your company know about the HUGE list of home improvement items that I decided to purchase from Home Depot because of your small minded ignorant decision to remove sponsorship to an Islamic related tv show. In this economy, every business decision is vital. And by encouraging MORE hatred and religious misunderstanding in this country you become an organization fully deserving of bankrupcy.
There are plenty of places to go for the products you sell. And now that I know the type of customers that you’ll be attracting and retaining, it’s all the more reason to never step foot into another one of your stores again. I am not Muslim, but I am an American. Get a clue LOWES!
Tracy Luster
1/8/12
I am a contractor I bid against lowes team on a job they lose I try to be a nice guy and call and give the courtesy of at least making profit off the windows so I call to talk the guy who quoted the job I literally wait 5 hours for him to call me back I explain that I was awarded the job and I would like him to quote the windows for me because I knew he would already have them figured he replies if you want a quote you call our millwright division they will give it to you I am like I could have done this 5 hours ago the most rude man in "customer service" I have ever spoke to bar none i will no longer use Lowes they are losing because I spend approximately $500,000.00/ year on building projects because I am a contractor.
chieftigr
1/3/12
We as a Military, NYCFD & NYCPD, family of 6 who survived September 11, 2001 and yet it also killed us! We are backing LOWE'S 100%! Our household banned TLC when the first add for it came on and since cable did nothing we blocked it ourselves! That's before we even heard about LOWE'S. We've always shopped at LOWE'S and will continue to do so even more now! If TLC & all these other people have the "right" to do what their doing in our Country, then we should feel just as free to express ourselves as well. Tired of people trying to be so politically correct all the time. This would NEVER happen in their country, nor we be treated so good. Thank you LOWE's for sticking to AMERICA! We'll be seeing you in your new store in Riverhead!! I agree with tim small"it's time someone took a stand and stuck to it without waver.
jane anto
1/2/12
As a homeowner in Florida who has always preferred Lowe's to Home Depot, I am saddened and disappointed by your decision to pull support from the tv show about Muslims in America.
I am not a Muslim, and have no friends or business associates who are involved in any Muslim organization. But, i cannot support your stores with my business anymore : you apparently caved in to a hate group that put pressure on you to pull advertising from the show. There is an old story that speaks of not doing anything when one comes for the Jews, and then the Blacks, and then the Catholics, and then me. When will we learn that "silence means assent", and when you let a "hate group" silence you, you have lent agreement to its agenda. Please stand up for decency and fairness, and not continue to hide.
1/1/12
I have shopped at Lowes for yrs and love it. Esp after Christmas . I have cancer, M.S , and cust of 3 kids two who are special needs. We put up a huge Xmas display every yr. After Xmas 2011 I called our local Lowes and purchased a santa and helicoptor, 2 geicos, 6 driveway lights. And the santa camper from another Lowes to pick up. I told the person. When it went down to 75 % off I would go in for a price adjustment on my purchase. They said fine. A few more days later. I went into the Hamilton Ohio Lowes and spent 251.00. Told the cashier I would be in later this week for a price adjustment from 50% to 75% like I do every yr. She said fine that it would be about Jan 1-2. So me and a friend went back in today about 4 pm. On New Years day. I spent 225.00 today. And picked up my 130.00 order that I ordered on the phone. It wad right at closing time. I could see the disgusted look on the cahiers and employees faces. I dont buy one of anything. I make huge donations to the school Xmas program every yr. I also bought a lot of distressed Xmas plants. But more ornaments, and tons of things. 71 items on one receipt, 56 on the other and 5 on the phone order.when I pulled out my two receipts for a price adjustment. The counter girls looked at me with disgust because it ead closing time. They said no way. I told them the person on the phone order said it was fine. And when I was there a few days ago the guys in that dept said fine. She said no. So I ask for a manager. She said he was in a meeting. So I had her call him over since the all important meeting was all the men from the store gathered and laughing. A guy namex Phil came over and told me NO!. I told him everyone else said I could. I know after 75 % they toss the stuff. I eas told this last yr. He said no we dont. I had even told the guy back in that dept I would pay 10 cents on the dollar, to donate to the school or foster program. He never came back to me with an answer. So I told Phil I had bought a lot of stuff at 50% being told I could get an adjustment like other stores do. He said very rudely, I was not getting an adjustment. So I said so I need to pack up the stuff at home and bring it in for a refund?. He said yeah if thats what you want. I said then turn back around andrebuy it for 75% off. He said it takes a few days to go through the process! He wad s complete jerk.
Unknown
12/31/11
I work at the Lowes in Laurel, MD. There is never enough coverage on the sales floor or the customer service desk. Although they combined the returns desk and customer service they only put one associate at the customer service desk. When you need help and overhead page for a head cashier, no one comes. All the head cashiers like to stand at self checkout, sometimes even at once. All the managers tell you to handle situations in different ways. They all need to be one page. The open door policy is not what it should be because all the managers gossip, even the human resource manager. No matter how busy the store is, the managers meeting is always every tuesday and the specialist meeting is every friday. They do not care what condition the store is in as far as coverage, they still take people off the sales floor to hold these meetings. My advice to customers would be stay away!
glenn schkeeper
12/29/11
I was hired as a class a delivery driver on 10/19/2011.While waiting for my approval to drive from corporate I worked as a ride along helper.I spent most of my time working evenings riding with driver David True.This is at store #2600 by the way.While riding with David I observed him tailgating speeding up to 30 mph over posted speed limits taking turns at unsafe speeds and just driving reckless, all while texting and communicating on Facebook with his Android.This texting was not occasional ,it was constant.I told store management of this 2 weeks after I started and they said they would have a talk with him.They also told me he had been wrote up for an accident he had ,that he did not report.His ride along at the time told management of the accident out of fear he may lose his job.After 4 more weeks of riding with David I finally went back to management to tell them I would not ride in the truck as long as David True was driving it .At this point they still had not talked to him ,but said they were going to .They also asked me to write a statement which I did.They also recieved statements from several other employees who would not ride with David True either.The day of there talk with David I went to work to find out he was still driving ,so I went to the house.I tried calling human resources and management all day long and could not get a hold of them until 6pm .When I did get a hold of human resources I was told they would call me back.After 3 hours I called back and they told me management would call me back.After 2 days and no call I called the regional manager,and told him my story and he said he would call me back.10 minutes after calling him the store called me every 2 hours for the next 2 days.I did not answer on purpose because by now I dont much care about the job anymore.Just out of curiosity I called back to see what they wanted .I was told they wanted me back to work but I would still have to ride with David True.I told them that the truck with him driving it was an unsafe enviorment .They said the talk with him resulted in him denying all accusations so it was a case of "he said she said".I could believe that if there was not several people saying the same thing that dont even know each other.Another funny thing is I could never get a hold of the regional manager again.
Deborah H.
12/29/11
I work at 1003 and thoroughly enjoy my career with Lowes. This company has always been fair to me and gave me my foundation for the successes I had after leaving Lowes for a number of years. I have recently become a part of the team again and grateful for the opportunity.
In re to the TLC advertising, I found a post from Maureen A. who explains this quite well....
" In case you are not familiar with the program, the All-American Muslim reality show on TLC is an eight-week pilot series and is halfway through its current run.  The program became a lightning rod for people to voice complaints from a variety of perspectives – political, social and otherwise.  Extremely strong political and social comments inundated the internet, message boards, the media and other forums, creating a firestorm -- and Lowe’s and other advertisers found ourselves caught in the crossfire.  Following this development, more than 50 companies removed their advertising, beginning in late November. Lowe’s made the decision to discontinue our advertising on Dec. 5.
Advertising in programs surrounded by controversy is not an effective way for Lowe’s to reach consumers. Our purpose in advertising is to engage customers about home improvement and help inspire them to make their house into a home. Our decision to remove our advertising had nothing to do with the program’s focus.
We have a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion, and we’re proud of that longstanding commitment. I understand how this decision can evoke strong feelings on all sides of the issue.  We are continuing to reach out to organizations involved in this social and political discussion to explain our views."
Linda Ann Ramsey
12/27/11
I work at Lowes #351, and am disappointed that for about 2 weeks now we have been without paper towels in the bathrooms and lunch rooms.  You expect us to wash our hands, and customers also I know feel that it is unexceptable to have no paper towels in our restrooms.  I had to dry my hands on my pants in the lunch room because there were no paper towels.  I feel this beyond unexceptable!
I feel this should be addressed, because they say they have ordered paper towels and they have not been delivered.  Please make this happen!!!!
John
12/27/11
I purchased a complete kitchen from Lowes in Anderson Indiana the week before Thanksgiving and was told that we would receive them the next week. Well here it is Dec 27th and they are saying it may be Feb.
Theresa Taliaferro
12/28/11
i have been a long time patron of our lowes in Conroe,Texas,however,I will not be able to continue any longer.The last three times I have purchased a large ticket item from lowes I have had problems with their 3rd party delivery service they are rude,never on time .I had a delivery today at 1:30 and it is 6pm and still no delivery of a dented refrigeraters that I paid cash for the day after Christmas.For a new refrig not a dented one.My husband is a Vietnam disabled vet that had extensive neck surgery 5 days ago.I scheduled delivery for this day because it was my only day off so that I could handle the prep work ie emptying the old refrig ect.The delivery person never called with my delivery window so after 10 am I called them and was given a window between  1-2:30pm.At 1:30 the delivery driver called and said my refrig was damaged so they would not be able to deliver today I asked do you not inspect your truck before you leave or did you damage the refrig. No comment!!! I asked why they did not return and bring me a no damaged product .They said if there was another in stock I would have to reschedule.I tried to explan my predicament but if fell on deaf ears which brings me to my point.No one cares about your product or your customers service when delivery is by a non i employee .Just a note That's what Sears did now they suffering. the same will happen to lowes if you do not address this problem.I have shopped at  lowes for my last time.
Sam Patterson
12/28/11
Dear Lowes,
I happen to like the show and I am not a Muslim. Just an average open minded American. In my opinion TLC is trying curve the propaganda that Islam doesn't just so happen to be the very worst religion and that not all Muslims are bad ; the less than 1% of Islam (radicalism) gets the most﻿ publicity and coverage in the media. So what is wrong with teaching people about the 99% maybe they are just as decent as every one else? I guess we would never know!
Catherine McClarin
12/22/11
You've made a huge mistake by pandering to the bigotry that a minority of Americans exhibit. You are better than this. Great men - and women - are measured by their ability to be humble and back down from a stupid error. I fully expect that the greatest among you will step up - no matter how painful it might be - and lead the rest of the Lowe's leadership to do the right thing here. God gives each of us the ability to find strength within us to do a difficult thing. I know you will do it!
Edward Treffeisen
12/22/11
Thankyou, I support your company 100%, in regards with the TLC matter, We now have Muslins involved in our Government. You can see want that is doing to our country. I will continue shopping at your stores.
Denise Royal
12/22/11
Thank you for pulling your ads during "All American Muslim".  We 100% support your decision and will spread the word.  I will now buy ALL of my home improvement needs from Lowes.
Karen
12/23/11
I am discouraged by Lowe's decision to pull the ad from the American Muslim show.  Just as there are those few who are radicalized Muslims, there are those of the Christian faith tradition who are radicalized against others in inappropriate ways.  As a pastor and a person of faith, I hope that Lowe's will reconsider this move and apologize and move on.  Not only because it was a decision succumbing to the argument of an organization that does not honor American values of freedom of religion...but also it does not represent the perspective of many Christians I know.  Lowes is a favorite store, with great and knowledgeable staff...I would hate for them to be affected by a decision made without thorough thinking and succumbing to the words of those who engender anxiety of and intolerance towards those who are different. We are becoming victims not of PC but of animosity and ignorance....and that is a dangerous thing for our country to submit to...fear not hope.
Stan hawk
12/21/11
Lowes has always been a fair company in my eyes but their
recent cut throat business tactics with Brickman facility solutions leaves little to be desired. You should make sure your contractor is paying the people that take care of you
Ebony
12/21/11
How dare a government official suggest boycotting a private company!!!!!!!  I support Lowe's.  In a free country, the sponsor is not supposed to be threatened for personal choices!
yt rules
12/21/11
Good for you for having the guts to stand up against the poison of Political Correctness that infects this country!There is a world wide push to destroy White Western culture and every concession to it pushes us closer to the eventual breakup of America along racial, ethnic and cultural lines.Enoch Powell was right back in 1968-read his speech-"Rivers of Blood".
BERNIE
12/21/11
I will no longer be shopping at Lowes. While they do have the right to spend their advertising dollars as they choose, I also have the right to avoid a business that panders to bigotry and hatred.
mdniteowl
12/21/11
Thank God for Lowe's.It is the United States of American,not the United States of Islam.Although I am sure if they had their way it would be.Stand firm Lowe's and don't buckle under to pressure from groups that do not have our best interests at heart!!!!!!!!Love u Lowe's!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cythie Trostle
12/21/11
My husband and I commend you for your corporate courage to withdraw advertising from the American Muslim show. We are no longer viewers of any TLC programs because we find the network's choice to propagandize for the Brotherhood of Muslims despicable. Americans will rue the day that they failed to stop the onslaught of Muslim influence.
tim small
12/21/11
I applaud Lowes in their decision to pull their ads from the All American Muslim show. The company has the right to place their ads where they feel it will benefit them the most. Last time I checked it was a free country. I have been a Lowes customer in the past and I must say that they will have all of my home improvement business. I congratulate you for standing up and not being the silent majority!   ,,,not many will take a stand any more im glad you did ...to God be the glory ..........
scott miller
12/22/11
Congratulations for standing up for what you believe in!!  If you want to put your marketing dollars else where that is your decision.  This continued government interaction and take control attitude is ridiculous. Now senators, I realize votes are coming up, but try running for something honest for a change.  America has continuously change our traditions so we dont hurt anyones feelings, this PC crap needs to stop. We lose dressing our children up at school for halloween, no more christmas parties, only pajama day and much more.  I realize people are too ignorant to realize what is happening due to the Clinton era of dumbing down America, but its time for change.  Many Americans use slave morality in determing how to handle many of the issues they face...wake up.
MarkC
12/22/11
Last time I checked this was still the land of the free and home of the brave where corporations can still spend their advertising dollars where they wish. At least our socialist, 'transparent' government hasn't taken that away....yet.
sherri stacy
12/22/11
WAY TO GO LOWES,NOW THIS IS WHAT ALL TRUE BLOODED AMERICANS LIKE TO HEAR.YOU STAND YOUR GROUND! I LOVE LOWES AND ALWAYS SHOP THERE,NOW THIS IS EVEN MORE REASON TO STAY.I CAN NOT BELIEVE AFTER 911 WHAT IDIOTS WOULD EVEN CONDONE THIS KIND OF TV VIEWING.
STAY STRONG LOWES WE ARE BEHINGD YOU 100%
YOU TRULY ARE AMERICAN MADE
Brian Russell
12/16/11
Shame on Lowes. This is no different to the pandering to special interest groups that robbed America of Christmas with politically correct nonsense. Why would Lowes listen to these fear mongering hate groups. It may be that a small minority of the  American population applaud this nonsensical decision but fortunately most Americans are fair and just people - if they weren't we would have open bias and prejudice against many other groups - this is plainly a wrong decision by Lowes.
Lowes job website talks of diversity in the work place- really.
I won't be shopping there again
Elyssa Frank
12/16/11
I live very close to a Lowe's in Jacksonville, Florida and frequent only that store for home improvement needs. I am disappointed with your decision to become involved in such a controversial issue, especially without researching the Florida Family Association first and recognizing their bigotry. Though I will miss your products, my core values lead me to boycott your store.
wayne smith
12/17/11
Thank you lowes for pulling your support from that muslim tv show!! Its time someone explain to them our country was based on the belief in god!Now I think if they want practice their religion is find but don't go protesting ours or our country!! I suggest you go to a muslim country where protest are a way of life. Again Thank Lowes!!!
Sue Robinson
12/17/11
When you read some of the comments here you might agree this is a great country but not a great people so what does that make us. From ex vets who claim to have fought for freedom then want to deny that to people they select for inequality back home. Then we have the fear mongering nuts who want to take our country back- whatever that means? Do they even know or is this just because they only listen to right wing  pseudo news programs  The point here however is that you cannot have free speech without protecting free speech - this means not muzzling expression or giving into wacko extremist threats to corporations who do not agree with their agenda. Lowes made a poor moral choice if they pulled an ad because of pressure from this silly group - where do we imagine this ends if fairness is set aside to please a few? Start taking your country back from that nonsense!
Bellingham Commercial Customer
12/17/11
Thank You Lowe's for your choice of not advertising with " All American Muslim". Our business quit buying at Home Depot because of their stand on Homosexuality. We will continue to buy from you!
The Hazels
12/17/11
Hang in there, Lowes.  You are right to choose the market you wish to reach.  A community which tolerates members who terrorize, kill and threaten is probably NOT one which you need.  Thank God someone has the courage to stand up by standing down.
We support you 100%.  We personally prefer not to shop with people whose vans may contain mechanisms to kill and mame and who plan to destroy our cities and neighborhoods rather than to live in peace. When they seriously reject those members of their religion who do not wish to contribute to America, we will be happy to continue to welcome them into our society.
Olga Gray
12/17/11
Thank you for pulling your sponsorship for the TLC Muslim program.  Three cheers for you.  Those people don't want to acklimate to be Americans, they want to bring their country here and want us to be like them.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Former Lowe's Customer - Fullerton/Anaheim, CA
12/17/11
We would do well to remember the words of President George W. Bush in aftermath of the 9/11 tragedy: "Millions of our fellow citizens are Muslim. We respect the faith. We honor its traditions. Our enemy does not. Our enemy doesn't follow the great traditions of Islam. They've hijacked a great religion."
I am a Christian who believes in freedom of religion.  I'm very disappointed in your decision to pull your ads from my new favorite show 'All American Muslim'.  Different or unknown doesn't equate to bad.  Your action has only served to support hate & discrimination in this country.
I don't feel comfortable shopping in your stores any longer.  I ask that you reconsider your decision.
JB Hare
12/17/11
I was delighted when my son went to Lowes in San Jose to get the materials he needed for his BSA Eagle Project.  We have a diverse Troop with Scouts from various ethnic backgrounds, and two of them are getting ready to start their Eagle Projects that, like my son's project, will require them to purchase building supplies, tools and materials.  However, these two Eagle candidates happen to be Muslim.  They epitomize the best that youth can aspire to be: community-oriented, hard-working students, with a great work ethic and high moral values: sort of what I expect All American Muslim to portray. You have a right to pull the sponsorship; I have the right to find another store with which to do business.  And you've made it very much more difficult for us to assure these young men that things are getting better in America.  It's a pity to see a great store like Lowes bow to such misguided and wrongheaded tactics.
jon
12/17/11
I am an All-American Christian. In fact, my grandfather converted from Islam to Christianity. I am hear to tell you, Lowe's, how disappointed I am to see you cave into pressures from an extremist religious group that preaches hatred and intolerance towards anyone who is in any way different from them. I will not do business with Lowe's again.
Teresa K-R
12/18/11
I just wanted to let you know that I stand behind you for your decision not to advertise during the controversial Muslim program. As far as I am concerned, you did the right thing. It's so refreshing to see companies stand up for what is right in the USA. If only our government had our best interests in mind when the politicians were making their decisions, we might turn this country around! I am so sick and tired of all the foreigners coming here, demanding that we acknowledge their heritage. If you come to this country, you leave your politics there and start over with a clean slate! I'm so fed up with the terrorists within our own borders! Kudos!
Fatbob
12/18/11
Awesome that Lowe's has the "GUTS" to stand up and do what is right!My family & friends will definetely support Lowe's for having the courage to do what is right for America! "GREAT JOB EXECUTIVE"S"
Hey Mr. "Shame on you Executives!" put your money where your mouth is Buddy! give everyone your "Company Name" Mr Bigshot, then we can see how many of your so called "Renter's" will leave your cock roach infested rentals because you want to support Anti-American CRAP.
People like you are why Lowe's pulled the ad's Einstein, fanatic Anti-American idiot's that are bringing this country down, you are a joke my friend!
Mr. "Shame on You" please give everyone your Company name if you have the "Gut's"
GOD BLESS OUR TROOP'S & GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Fatbob, Lowe's Supporter's GRAND JUNCTION COLORADO, USA
KevC
12/18/11
Bravo Lowes!!!
I will ALWAYS shop at Lowes; unless you change your position on this issue. Please DO NOT let muslims (small caps intended) pressure you otherwise. This is THE UNITED STATES of AMERICA!
Mel Vanders
12/18/11
I am a teacher in Miami, FL.  I have students from all economic and ethnic backgrounds.  We are truly diverse community.  The show American Muslim shows my students as they live their lives.  This is how many American Muslims live.
How can you pull support of a show that is attempting to broaden the minds of those too closed to seek out truth and understanding themselves.
Many "Americans" would disagree with me, but this is NOT a Christian Country.  It is a country with Freedom of Religion.
A formal apology is in your future for the pain and suffering you have caused my Muslim students.  Your action preaches ignorance and is completely "Un-American".
Home Depot - here I come.
Mary from CT.
12/18/11
I agree with Rodney. This is a FREE COUNTRY! Lowe's has the RIGHT TO CHOOSE what they do with their ads. I support Lowe's in their decision and will continue to shop at Lowe's because I have the FREEDOM TO CHOOSE where I shop.
Tim
12/18/11
I fully respect your right to chose what programs you decide to sponsor. It is after all your money. It in no way makes you racist or bigotted. I make decisions every day how to spend my hard earned dollars, and I will never be guided by political correctness in that process.
Phil Bedwell
12/18/11
I applaud you for pulling the ads from the Muslim television show. This is America. Thank you for standing up to what is right.Your still my favorite store . I read one person says they will switch to Home Depot.Thats ok, Lowes can survive without them.Home Depot, well if you can find someone to wait on you,good luck.  Thanks again.
Phil B
Ms. America
12/18/11
Dear Lowes - Thank you so much for standing up as an American and pulling your ads.  As a business owner, you have the right to advertise when and where you want to.  Because of 911, Americans have to be leary of anything that has muslim attached to it.  If I were an american muslim, I would certainly change my label to something else.  Don't worry about the small amount of people protesting your stores.  What you did was right and there are a lot more people that respect what you did - than the "american muslims".   I will be loyal to Lowes just for being American.
Barry O.
12/18/11
Thank you for having the backbone to pull your ad from the Muslim Show.  I stand amazed that Americans would even think twice about your decision.  America is a melting pot for all, but don't be so naive' that you don't see our enemies living
among us.  I will forever shop at Lowes.  Thank you Lowes.
Tired of being the silent majority
12/18/11
I applaud Lowes in their decision to pull their ads from the All American Muslim show.  The company has the right to place their ads where they feel it will benefit them the most.  Last time I checked it was a free country.  I have been a Lowes customer in the past and I must say that they will have all of my home improvement business.  I congratulate you for standing up and not being the silent majority!
Robin
12/19/11
I was totally in support of your company pulling its support of American Muslim. Don't let a small % of extremist people dictate what programming must be put before the American people or the American people will exercise their right to not watch that crap. In any Muslim country, it would be their way or the highway. If you were lucky enough to be given the choice of the highway over a stoning!
Mary
12/19/11
This is a bigger battle than just this one decision on whether Lowe's should have pulled advertising money from this particular tv show.  Does it have the legal right to do so?  Do people have the right to change their decision to shop at Lowe's based on that and any other business decisions it makes?  Of course.
We need to watch carefully the political forces at play and think about their ultimate end objective.  It is the yearning for freedom that brought this country into existence.
Everyone who cares about this country and its future needs to educate themselves on shariah law and understand the motivation of those groups who are introducing it into our country.
My family will go out of their way to shop at Lowe's in order to preserve its freedom to advertise where and when it so decides.  Stay vigilant and God bless America.
ICCAA -Alaska
12/15/11
As concerned Americans and as your consumers, we at the ICCAA call for Lowes to reverse your decision and resume advertising during TLC's series, "All-American Muslim."
While no television program can possibly fully represent an entire community, the portrayal of five American families in Dearborn, Michigan has deeply positive repercussions and results—reinforcing shared values of family, friendship, community, and coexistence that are universal to all of us—whether we are Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, Atheist, or of any other belief system represented in the United States.
We ask that you work to stand up against the bigots of the anti-Islam/Islamophobia industry, whose most concerning complaint is that the show is intent on humanizing American Muslims—as though humanization were not an American value. These bigoted viewpoints do not represent the American mainstream.
The visible aim of those who have threatened the show's supporters is to propagate hatred against fellow Americans because of their religious beliefs, while increasing the success of their own bigoted industries. Ultimately, it is these same critics who have often touted the question: "Where are the mainstream Muslims?" We believe that "All-American Muslim" portrays just that—mainstream American Muslims—and that these critics should celebrate an effort like this, not condemn it. Yet their reactions leave no more proof necessary of their actual, hate-mongering intentions.
To date, Lowe's has been the only company that has allegedly caved in to bigoted pressure, going on record to state that it would not continue to advertise during "All-American Muslim" because the TV show
"did not meet its advertiser guidelines. [Lowe's] will pull [its] advertising on shows if [it] learn[s] there are issues raised from a broad spectrum of customers and viewers who represent multiple perspectives, which Lowe's understands was the case in this situation with this particular show."
And yet, it is unclear which "multiple perspectives" were represented in the complaints.  Before your decision to pull spots from the TLC show, did your company properly research the bigoted groups that put out a call for an advertiser boycott of the show?
The Florida Family Association falsely claimed the show "riskily hides the Islamic agenda's clear and present danger to American liberties and traditional values." Did Lowe's consider asking this group how a show about regular American families (who happen to be Muslim) actually undermines the U.S. Constitution?  A quick look at their website clearly shows their hate-driven anti-Muslim agenda. They are aligned with Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer of the designated hate group "Stop the Islamization of America.”
Calls for the advertiser boycott also came from Internet hate sites like "Bare Naked Islam," which recently featured a number of threats of violence targeting U.S. and European mosques.
These groups and others acted swiftly to hijack the public platform created by the show, so that they could spew hatred of the most heinous and reprehensible kind against Muslims and Islam, all while selling books and speeches calling to their fringe cause.
These are the same people who successfully attacked Whole Foods and Campbell's Soup for introducing a Halal line of products, targeted to practicing American Muslims, and whose bigoted activities are well-documented in a report published by the Center for American Progress titled "Fear, Inc."
Lowe's Chairman Robert A. Niblock recently pointed out that "while leadership is always important, it's even more critical in challenging times." He was right. We ask that you show true leadership by ensuring that your company will not bow to the demands of any bigoted interests, but will instead defend our cherished American values of pluralism, respect, and prevention of discrimination based on race and religion, and an openness to learn about the other without the flawed industries of fear, hatred, and intimidation reigning over us as a society.
I hope that by now, you recognize the irresponsibility of your actions. Besides creating a self-inflicted PR nightmare, your actions unleashed precisely the kind of widespread support for our values and for our Muslim neighbors that the Florida Family Association and other hate sites attempted to curtail.
The public witnessed an outcry to your decision from a vast segment of Americans including well-known figures like Russell Simmons, Mia Farrow, Calif. Senator Ted Lieu, U.S. Congressmen Keith Ellison (Minnesota) and John Conyers (Michigan), the Japanese American Citizens League, comedian/actor Aasif Mandvi, and comedian / actor Kal Penn. And, more and more national figures and groups are speaking out against your company's actions with each passing day.
We are your customers.  Last year the ICCAA spent tens of thousands of dollars at Lowes in purchasing supplies for our new mosque.  This mosque, when completed, will be the first and only mosque in the state of Alaska.  It is our goal to have this mosque not only as a place of worship for Muslims, but also as a center for education, interfaith outreach and community.  For Lowes to take sides with the hateful anti-Islam movement is like a slap in the face to all your Muslim customers.
As concerned Americans and as your consumers, we request that you stand up for our American values, and fight back against bigotry and fear-mongering, by publicly repudiating calls to stop advertising during TLC's "All-American Muslim." It is still not too late to do the right thing.
Ashamed to live in Florida
12/19/11
I am saddened by many of the previous comments about the Muslim debacle.  If it were not so pathetic it would be amusing to see how many religious scholars there are that know exactly what all Muslims believe.  I suppose if a non christian read the bible, they might find a very violent, bigoted and take no prisoners group of people.  There are plenty of examples to back that up too.  I know that most Christians are not like that these days, although there are plenty of splinter groups that are bigoted and hate filled.  I suppose the same could be said for any religion.  The fact that Lowe's tucks their tails and backs down to such a radical hate group is deplorable.  I am fortunate to have a Home Depot as well as an Ace Hardware within the same driving distance from the Lowe's I used to spend my money in.
Mike .B
12/19/11
Thank you Lowes for pulling your advertising and not supporting this evil cancer called islam from TLC. I support you 100% and will always shop at your stores whenever I need materials for a home project. It is a shame that so many Americans are afraid to speak out against this muslim trash, islam is not a religion of peace tens of thousands of christians are being killed in sudan and many other african countries by this muslim trash and the liberal media in America keeps its mouth shut, stand strong against the liberal democrat trash like senator ted lieu in California.
Victoria on Maui
12/20/11
Lowe's has always been one of my favorite stores, I usually go there first and then if I have to ACE or Home Depot.  But I completely disagree with your move to pull advertising from "American Muslim".  I feel it was an ill-thought out and cowardly act to cave in to an extremist religious group. It goes against the very American values of religious freedom, civil rights and education as a foundation for peace and understanding.  I will be going to ACE and Home Depot from now on.  And I will miss the heck out of shopping at Lowe's!
Rodney Lancaster
12/15/11
Lowes....I am a supporter of your AMERICAN RIGHT to decide on which television shows to advertise on not because I am anti-Muslim or pro-Christian, but because I am pro-American and have a little common sense when it comes to people's and company's rights.  Nothing would have been said if you wanted to pull an ad from Jersey Shore's t.v. show or Top Chef.  American people are very quick to forget anyway, which is why our government and politicians get away with so much corruption, as well as famous people acting a fool and still make millions such as Kanye West and Lindsey Lohan.
Stay strong Lowes!
Hope from NC
12/15/11
Thank you for pulling your support of TLC's American Muslim.  Let me say this, according to islam muslims are not allowed to be loyal to anything but their allah...they cannot say they are American, Saudi, Iraqi, Syrian, etc...their allegiance cannot be to a country which is why you will hear them say...we are Muslim, we swear our allegiance only to allah.  I have stopped shopping at Home Depot because of things they support that I am not in favor of, I will continue spending my money at Lowe's.  You have a better selection and better customer service anyway.
I would suggest that perhaps the money that muslims groups are rejecting that you have been trying to donate would better go to Americans who need the help and ISRAEL, our biggest and most faithful ally.  God BLess You all and thank you for taking a stand against what islam truly stands for.
Tom Spencer
12/15/11
Others have said it for me!! Why did you back down from a radical group such as this one? What happens if they decide you should support programming about Jews? Mormons? Catholics? These types of groups will ALWAYS have a "enemy" of Christ standing by to persecute. Don't feed them! Ignore them! I will honor my wife's Lowe's account by making the payments as agreed. But, Home Depot and Ace Hardware are within 10 miles of the local store. They will be getting our money. At least until you remember your a American company and you accept that responsibility.
Mary K
12/15/11
I've only watched a single episode of American Muslims, but it is obviously a show that portrays Muslims as typical American citizens.  shame on Lowes for bowing to pressure from groups that promote stereotyping and discrimination.    I spent hundreds of dollars at Lowes, but hey there is a Home Depot right down the road so I have a choice to avoid a company with so little backbone.
donna lantz-mccory
12/15/11
roofing in PA  at the carlisle store.717-258-7700 store  1710
i had the shingles replaced  in the  summer of 2009 as the first time it, was leaking- it leaked in two different places. Kay , who is now not there had quit, helped me with a second installer. Now it is leaking again. I AM STILL PAYING FOR THE FIRST TIME. THE SECOND TIME WAS NO CHARGE. CAN LOWES DO ANYTHING CORRECT?
I HAD PLACED AND PAID FOR THE WOOD UNDER THE SHINGLES THAT WERE BAD. now they are going to go bad again as it is leaking, shingles blowing off.. Put down rubber now as shingles are not working ! how can I afford this? I feel lowes needs to pay me $5,000.00  to get someone to do this correct.
i do not have the money to do this  again.......an again.an again.
i had a contractor lookr at the roof last night 12-14-2011 whos said wrong shingles were used. WHAT ??? i cannot keep this up i need this done right..with rubber.
Fan of Lowes
12/15/11
Excellent customer service and great selection. Long ago I worked for Eagle before they merged w/ Lowes, which also was the antithesis to the Home Depot model: no dark, dirty aisles strewn with crap. While price and selection are king, I'm going to Lowes.
Ronald Semler
12/15/11
Congratulations to you guys for doing what is the right thing.  It's pathetic how organizations like CAIR, which is nothing more than a Muslim brotherhood front can even have the audacity to criticize you.  I also heard that there is some California state senator who also made negative comments.  I'll definitely want to know.  Hopefully he is in my district so I'll make sure that I don’t vote for him.  I probably wouldn't have anyway.
Congratulations to you.  Let's hope many other businesses stand up and take the right stand and take our country back.  What a shame that we are reacting to stupid organizations which are blatantly Muslim fronts.  I'll continue shopping at Lowe’s.  Based upon your actions, I'm going to shop there more.  Believe me, I spend a lot of money at your place already.  Thank you.
Ronald H. Semler
American Iraq War Vet.
12/15/11
Good for you Lowes. Capitalism is just one of the many American values I spent defending for the last 24 years. Also the freedom of speech, religion and most of all the freedom to spend my money where ever I want. What little money I am allowed to keep anyway, with the present administrations "rape the working man" policy. Wake up America! Or will you all only be satisfied when you give the whole thing away? So even though in my retirement I have take a pt job working for one of your competitors, I will still spend my money in your store.
Please don't buckle to the "PC"ers. God Bless You and give you courage and great wealth in your values. Actually shopping at Lowes might be safer now with no Muslim patrinage?
flo vandecar
12/15/11
good for you for standing up and not crumbling to pressure i for one admire that and i will continue to shop there as many other business pull there ad from the deception of the muslim community I will continue to be a valued shopper of your store huray for you
Lorne Warwick
12/15/11
Here is the letter i tried to send to David Caton, head of the Florida Family Association.  Unfortunately, i got a message that it could not be sent, likely due to their servers being inundated with messages:
Dear David,
I would like to congratulate you for amply demonstrating  something that we in the Great White North have known for a very long time: that many Americans, especially those who subscribe to and support groups such as yours, are shockingly backward, racist and clearly just not very intelligent.
I would also like to thank you for helping me to know the companies I should avoid when spending my consumer dollars.  At the top of my list is Lowe's, which proved its utter lack of integrity in giving in to pressure from people who clearly lack even the most basic of cognitive and reasoning skills.
Finally, I would like to thank you for providing endless opportunities for people like me to mock people like you, both in our blogs and in our conversations with our friends.
Keep up your exciting work.  I look forward to your next buffoonish campaign with great anticipation.
P.S. I will be sending a copy of this letter to all of the feckless companies who have allowed themselves to be intimidated by the likes of you.
Bad Policy against volume buyers
12/15/11
As a long time commercial customer at Lowes I'm very disappointed with the new policy asking customers to wait for every single item in their order to be individually scanned, regardless of the number or quantity.
This happened this week on my large tile order, apparently new since I bought the same item twice three times within the last three weeks, no problem previously.
Prepare to wait endlessly while your cashier un-stacks, searches for the barcode and laboriously scans each and every one, whether you have 16 or one hundred boxes.
Before this they would forklift out the order and load it like any other intelligent lumber warehouse.
Lowes obviously has no problem wasting the commercial customers time.  Time is money, Lowes, I'll be spending my time quickly picking up my order at a big orange store from now on.
David Holcombe
12/15/11
It is very much within their rights as well as the right thing for Lowes to pull advertising from this misleading show regarding muslim life in america. It seems to me that even though muslims  want to be part of the american experience [and very many are productive and wonderful, of course] they are mostly not willing to accept the tolerant nature of our country and embrace the freedoms granted to all of its citizens under the US Constitution; Sharia law is franky anti constitutional. Muslims must learn to be part of and not abrogate agiainst the very things that make this country great: liberty and freedom.  The religious Islamists generally do not uphold these values and are literaly at war agianst them in favor of a new and expanded world wide caliphate under sharia. If muslims disagree and want jews and christians to flourish along with them than you have to wonder if they are really very good muslims? Certainly they would not be observant, at the least not paying attention and worse they are silent which, under the circumstances, is a form of acceptance.  The so called "moderate" muslim voices need to speak out and prove that there really is a moderate, modern muslim population that is willing to reform the nonesense that permeates much of their world today and yes, a reformation is in order.  Silencing muslim voices are wrong but speaking out aginst the parts of its pernicious nauture is, well, the christian thing to do. Accepting muslim tenenats as co equals to judeo christian values is not, in it's current state, a healthy alternative! Remember these 3 things for clarity: Jesus saves, Moses invests and Mohammed conquers.
mike
12/15/11
TO ALL who are saying Lowes made the wrong move. SHAME ON YOU and how dare you call yourself American's if you don't like there choice then become a Muslim. I served this country in the u.s army i have seen this bs first hand what Lowes did  I COMMEND THE HELL OUT OF LOWES for the move they have done that is why i joined the military. The country needs more people and companies like Lowes. Lowes keep up the good work as a Military Veteran THANK YOU.Thank you for making my service worth something.
Brent James
12/15/11
The decision made by Lowes is not only appropriate, but reasonable. The Muslim reality show is an attempt to do just what the Florida family association said it was. The reactions, as evidenced here by the comments, prove one thing:
Some want apologies, some want revenge, some are organizing boycotts......all very fine and well. Those of us who love America and its Constitution, which consequently, is at odds with Islamic thought and tradition, also know history. Islam does not integrate with freedom nor Western ideals. Period.
This controversy can only exist in a cauldron of extreme political correctness. Lowe's is right and will be shown to have responded with wisdom. Be careful and dont all for the "This country is built on religious freedom" charge. We all know that. Islam is not a religion. It is a political system; a thought/control ideology.
I love Lowe's and the strength it has shown. Look what has happened to Home Depot (now becoming known as Homo Depot) as it continues to thumb its collective corporate nose at morality by giving huge amounts of money to promote the homosexual agenda. They are currently losing market share to Lowe's - a much improved home improvement company. Let's support them.
G Bennett
12/15/11
I wish to applaud Lowes for their decision to rescind all of their advertising from the "All American Moslem" program. It is hard to believe how any woman could support the koran and it's teachings.  Women are little more than slaves, have no power and limited choices.  Read the koan!  It is the goal of Islam to rule the world at any cost.  There is no "moderate" version of islam. The word as written by mohammed in the koran is "inviolate", and the punishment for apostasy is, quite simply, death. The koran also states that if any two items within the koran, its hadiths or suras should contradict another item, the item deemed to have come later in the timeline shall supersede the item it comes in conflict with. Since mohammed started out peacefully, but then turned into a bloody murderer, thief, rapist and pedophile ("married" his last wife, Aisha, when she was 10 and he was near 70) later on, all the peaceful things he wrote in the beginning of the koran, are abrogated by the later, violent verses (here comes a fatwa on my head).
Go ahead, read some of the koran, the hadiths and the suras for yourselves. Read up on what Sharia law actually is..... did you know that Hitler stole the Yellow Jewish Star of David he forced the Jews to wear from centuries old sharia law? Look up the Laws of Dhimmitude.
To have a TV show that attempts to portray this cult and its followers as just "plain old normal folks", is not only false and misleading, it is dangerous and threatens all of us.  Thanks you for you action.
Abdullah Wakeely
12/15/11
Shame on you LOW'S for pulling your ad from the TLC All American Muslim show.  I used to shop at lows first and then go somewhere else, but now I know where not to shop.  Your not only loosing Muslim customers rather loosing customers who will not support bigotts and haters.  This is not about Christians or Muslims, this is about bigotry and hatred. This is about promoting peace or supporting extremism.  You are on the wrong side, and soon you will tast the bitterness of your bigotry.
Karl Uppiano
12/16/11
Dear Lowe's, Please do not be cowed by people calling you 'racist' for pulling your advertising for the TLC program "American Muslim". Religion is not related to race: Someone's race is something they're born with. Religion (along with it's doctrine) is something you choose.
Islam has several problems at this time in history. First, it has a severe PR problem with radical Islam, which it seems unwilling to address. And that unwillingness in itself is telling.
Secondly -- and this is very important -- Islam and Sharia law is incompatible with the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States: The free exercise of Islam requires Sharia law, but Sharia law violates the establishment clause. It's a Catch-22.
Islam needs to experience the same Reformation and The Enlightenment that revolutionized Christianity and Judaism, that gave rise to modern Western Civilization. Until that happens, we will continue to experience a violent culture clash. There is nothing to be gained by stirring the pot.
New England Lowes Customer
12/16/11
Lowes did the right thing by dropping its sponsorship of "All-American Muslim" which would be better titled "American Muslim Propaganda."  The Muslim cleric behind the show has well-documented ties to radical groups, including those the US government has classified as terrorist groups.  While in real life Muslim women in his community in Michigan are required to wear the traditional "cover everything in black" clothing, the Muslim propaganda shows the women wearing flashy styles for which they would be severely punished under Sharia Law.  The show isn't really controversial - it is a farce!!  It is a tragedy that any American actually believes such lies!!
I have made Lowes my Number One home improvement store both because of its ethical, rational stand to only advertize where it wants to, and because its customer service is second to none.
Cathleen Taylen
12/16/11
I have been a loyal Lowes customer for a number of years and am not so naive as to believe that decisions made by corporations are motivated by good will, conscience, or the "right thing" and understand that they are motivated primarily by what best serves the bottom line.  Well, last year alone I personally contributed around $20,000 to your bottom line when I purchased a home in California.  This year, I plan a kitchen remodel, two new exterior doors, two bathroom remodels, and a major backyard landscaping.  Unfortunately, these projects will not be contributing to Lowes' bottom line this year.  Unlike a corporation, I am free to do what I feel is the "right thing" and can be motivated by conscience.  I choose not to patronize your stores for as much as a light bulb, even if it costs more elsewhere.  People are correct that you have a right to be as racist as you like and give in to religious nut-job zealots who mock the very existence of Christ by claiming the name Christians, however I am free to take my business elsewhere.  Perhaps you can take your sponsorship dollars (to which I will not be contributing) ans sponsor a show such as "All-American Bigot", or "Keeping up with the KKK".  Either your business is racist and bigoted or worse, spineless and weak in the face of racism and bigotry.  Either way, we part ways here.
Lowes' Racism toward Muslims
12/12/11
SHAME ON YOU LOWES EXECUTIVES!
Your RACIST decision to pull advertising on All American Muslim exemplifies the extreme double standard that exists in this country today towards total political correctness toward some groups while PROMOTING the continual denigration of  Muslims.
If any of you even bothered to watch the show, you would see that these people are honest, normal " Americans".
A show like this will only encourage peace and tolerance.
All American Muslim is a wonderful groudnbreaking show whose time has certainly come and Lowes would have been applauded for its forward thinking tolerant ideas.
It is obvious though, there are some on your board who want only hatred and strife to continue. They appear to be stuck in small minded, petty fear and ignorance.
America is a home to ALL, not only those who CERTAIN people deem worthy.
Unless you reinstate advertising, I not only cannot shop with you but will make it a point to inform my friends about your blatant racist policies.
I own a property management company that handles 118 properties and I have a commercial account with you.
Sadly,as of today,I will be exclusively using Home Depot.
DJ
12/12/11
Lowes....there's enough Christians to support you. Don't worry about the radicals. You stood up for Americans, Christians and our Forefathers who fought for this to be a Godly Country. This is steadily being stripped from our society and once gone, cannot be recovered. You ARE a great corporation and you DO HAVE THE RIGHT to not be on the anti-American/anti-Christian bandwagon that is so prevalent today. Yea, I know I will be ripped to pieces on oncoming posts, but I DONT CARE! I'm tired of Christianity being beaten down.
I will always choose Lowe's over Home Depot. To the CEO of Lowe's, thank you. You are appreciated by many. If this is what drew the line in the sand, then so be it. I am on the side of Christianity.
Sandra
12/12/11
You have the right to advertise with whomever you choose. I have read that some Democrat senators are thinking of using federal action. Are you kidding me!!! This is America. Do not be bullied by these idiots who have taken political correctness to the absurd level!!! Do not give in to this kind of harassment. You have my business.
Marshall Knight
12/12/11
Thank you Lowes for pulling your add's off of TLC and the "All American Muslim". And standing up for what is right for this country. By its nature their can be no such thing as a American Muslim. Also the goverment has absolutely NO RIGHT to deside where, when, or who you addvertize with. THANK YOU FOR STANDING ABOVE THE REST.
Penelope
12/12/11
I want to thank you for standing up to the Muslim dhimmitude attack.  I would hope more companies and groups who are offended by their tactics would do the same.  It seems people have forgotten their agenda as they indicated on 9/11.  Thank you again for standing up to them.  They aren't used to that as our country is so focused on being politically correct while they continue to take away our freedoms while they use our freedoms against us.
Thank you again and keep up the good work.
Gary Hildreth
12/12/11
Would give you zero stars if I could. What cowards!! Pulling advertising because of some extremists. I will not put a foot in Lowes again. We are all Americans and according to a study done, Muslins were to most American, putting the USA in front of their religion. The worst were christians. Putting their religion before anything else. They are the UNAMERICANS
Kelly
12/12/11
I spent over $4,000.00 at Lowes in just the past 6 months and will never buy a nail from your company in the future. I just hope that I am not the only good customer that you loose.People should not do buisiness with a company that supports bigotry.
Karbear2511
12/12/11
Thank you Lowes for taking a courageous stand to NOT advertise on the All American Muslim. This politically correctness will be the death of our nation. My preferred Lowe's in the North Hays County area has friendly associates and the store has quality merchandise.  I recently bought a great energy saving freezer to replace an older energy guzzler. I plan to do MORE shopping at Lowe's and less at the other big box store.
Rick
12/12/11
I am extremely taken back from Lowes pulling their commercials from the Discovery Channel/TLC's "All-American Muslim" after the Florida Family Assn. complained.  I aways have shopped at Lowes but because of this bigoted, discriminatory and ignorant act, I will be spending my money at Home Depot.  How can you (Lowes) bend to a hate organization such as the Florida Family Association.  Shame Shame on you
Michael
12/12/11
Please don't bow down to the muslims because you pulled your ads from their reality show.  Make a stand and tell them that you won't be moved by their blatant 'terrorist' demands of boycotting your store because you refuse to show your ads on their propaganda.
Nancy Ladisky
12/12/11
I am glad that you pulled your support from the advertising, I do not blame you at all. It's  your money and you can choose to decide when and where you advertise.
It is not being a bigot, or reacist or unAmerican. It's just your freedom of choice
to do what you like. I have already sent and e-mail to Sneator Ted Leiu of Rendodo
Beach and let him know my feelings. This trying to ask for a boycott is soft tryanny and I can't believe that he would come down on an American Company in lieu of a Moslim Reality Show.
Soon we will all be told by the government what kinds of cars and gas and food and clothing to buy and when we can live breathe and eat. Please don't back down on this
issue, if you give in on one thing you will give in on all.
charlie thorson
12/12/11
have been using u for many years.  KUDOS for pulling ur ads on American Muslim.
I just heard about this on the am news.  what is wrong with this country,  thanks Lowes.  I have had excellent service from your local store.  Try to buy more american made products.
Allen
12/12/11
I want to congratulate Lowes for making a decision that is not politically correct and pulling their advertising from American Muslim. People can show their hate for Lowes for this decision, but the last time I looked this is still the United States of America and a business is entitled to spend their advertising dollars where they feel it will best suit them. It is time for this country to quit letting minority voices control what we are about. We are a country based on freedom. You are free to disagree with my point and I support you in that, but it is Lowes freedom to make a BUSINESS decision and as a free people we should support that as well! Most of the comment say  Lowes decision was racially motivated, really! That card is really getting old. It's time for minority groups to find another card to play.
Debra Perdue
12/12/11
I grew up in Dearborn,MI and have had many Muslims friends in Dearborn.  I can't believe that some religious organization has such power over a corporation.  Where is you're backbone?
Why not learn about American Muslims instead of listening to a bunch of radical Christians.
I don't like radical Muslims and I certainly don't like radical Christians.
Rogerio Cozorte
12/12/11
Lowes, regarding the Muslim advertising, please stick to your principles and do not advertise with this program.  I am tired of America knuckling under to these people whose agenda is not in our best interest.
I admire and respect your stand.
Jim Hughes
12/12/11
I couldn't believe the headiness about Lowe's pulling their ads for the new Muslim reality show. Now I am a Christian, and I usually don't watch reality shows, but I do know and work with Muslims. Just because the religious right has these extreme ideas about Muslims doesn't mean that Lowe's should agree with them. I changed from shopping at Home Depot to Lowe's a few years ago. If Lowe's continues with this racist view, and pulls their ads just because it is a Muslim show, I don't want to do business with Lowe's.
Jim Hughes
SCR
12/12/11
All this uproar about an ad being pulled from a Muslim television show??  Where's the outrage over the war on Christmas?? Our children can't celebrate it in schools,
prayer is banned (I'll bet Muslim children wouldn't be banned from praying in school), happy holidays instead of Merry Christmas!!  All of this because of political correctness and a fear of Muslim retaliation.  What of the so called "ART" that depects the Blessed Virgin Mary with a machine gun??  Sorry folks, but in my estimation LOWES did the right thing for a change and they're the only store I'll shop in for home improvement items.  Keep it up!!
Great decision
12/12/11
I am in complete support of you for pulling your ads of the "American Muslim" show.
I think a lot of Americans realize the potential problems with the Muslim belief system. After 9-11, I think America recieved a real wakeup call as to the thinking of Muslims in general. What other religion of the world gives you a choice of "become one of us or die"? Stick by your guns and don't give in.
Very disappointing
12/12/11
I am very disappointed in the un-American action Lowe's has taken by pulling their ads from the tv show about American Muslims. We are a diverse society. This is out-right discrimination and boarders on hate. Why have they done this?? Its outrageous and I will never shop there again unless they change their position on this.
No American should.
Luckily there's a Home Depot just down the street!
Katie Matsumoto
12/12/11
I am supportive of Lowe's not advertising on the "American Muslim" TV show.
You are able to support what you wish and staying out of the fray of this
very political issue is perfect.  We know what is happening with liberal
Hollywood's take on most issues and the rank and file American needs to stay
away from such trifle.
We love Lowe's and will continue to shop there! This is unfortunate that
those who love liberal causes, which may hurt our country in the long run,
are so loud with their beliefs.  This is still America and we can do what
we wish without this whole thing being blown out of proportion. If not one
paid, through advertising dollars, then this wouldn't be an issue! Let's
get the American perspective out there and leave Lowe's alone. They are
providing jobs and helping the American economy --- more than most of the
protesters are doing, I wager.
Keep up the good work, Lowe's!
John Tatum
12/12/11
Lowes, I am VERY PROUD of you decision to pull your advertising from the muslim show. It is about damn time that at least some coperations started taking responsiblity, and at least halfway, begin to support this country. The Muslim community DOES NOT suport this Nation. I am in Construction and shop at your stores very often. I DO NOT shop at Home Depot unless I have no other choice. Every since they fired an employee for wearing a pin with the american flag on it. Since when is it a crime to support this Country, and Christianity. As long as this company supports PATRIATISM, and CHRISTIANITY I will support this company with my business.
By the way, I lived and worked in Afghanistan for 2 years, and I can tell you for a fact that the last thing this country needs is more muslims. The muslim comunity in Detroit has already started destroying our country, and our constitution by bringing sharia law to much of that state. If they want to live by sharia law, they need to go back to the screwed up country that they come from, and stop trying to destroy our country.
Steven R. Nelson
12/12/11
I am a long time Lowes customer and have always had good results from doing business with the retail stores. It is with regret that I must decline to shop at and support a business that would show what I believe is bias towards a religious or any other minority group.
I believe that my action will not, in itself alter the decision by Lowes Hardware. However as I would not support any company that would discriminate against any religious group, I cannot in good faith allow a Christian group to influence me. The founding fathers advocated freedom OF religion and freedom FROM religion.
Jay Hewlett
12/12/11
I saw a media bash on the net about Lowes pulling an ad that had to do with what some goof calls a muslim American. Well you are either muslim or AMERICAN. If you are AMERICAN then stand up for AMERICA.If you are muslim you belong in the mideast or where ever. AMERICA is, was, and will for ever be ONE NATION UNDER GOD. I applaud Lowes for their action. The butt sucking politicians have no business messing in private sector corporate business unless it would to be to stomp the home depot out of business for sucking up to the queers. AMERICA is a mess. What ever happened to good values and morals. Now the sickening people want to push their filth and corrupt values over on businesses.
Mitch C.
12/12/11
I will be buying at least twice as much from Lowes this year due to your stance on the Islam propaganda TV show. As much business as I give Lowes every year, twice will be substantial.
Rich Cataloni
12/12/11
I would like to thank Lowe's for their treatment of the Veterans and Military people of this country. I really dislike the way other companies use the Veterans and Military people of this country as a sales platform. The others use us as a sale pitch.They mention us as if they are really giving us something, Then there is always some sort of bump in the road that they can not give the discount. Lowe's advertises that military people, active or veterans can get a 10% discount on their purchases. Lowe's is the only large company that really does this without any strings attached. Simply show your proof and you get your discount. It is that simple. So I just want to say thank you Lowe's for really supporting the military people of this country.
Rich Cataloni
Rich
12/12/11
I will be returning to Lowes now that they have pulled their ads in support of anything muslim. To support a religion that advocates killing anyone who doesn't believe in it, supports Shariah Law, treats women like slaves, and is a group disguised as a religion to further its political agenda, has no place in this western society that it hates so much. I think any organization that tries to force its beliefs/agendas on the American people, and then attacks them when they don't comply, has no place in this country and should be outlawed. My family and friends quit shopping at Lowes because of their support of “All-American Muslim” just as we boycott Home Depot for supporting everything homosexual and Butterball for blessing all of the slaughtered turkeys in the name of Islam's pagan moon god, Allah.
Mike
12/12/11
Lowes has its issues like any other store or business. Take it in stride and keep on shopping there. NO business this large, in any country, can survive without "some" issues" ..every business has them. As far as thier decision to pull their advertising from a show that didnt necessarily follow their line of thinking, i say good for them. Why doesnt Lowes have the same rights as everybody else. MANY of you just admitted and wrote about your decision NOT to shop at LOWES any longer...why do you have the right to pull your business from them but they dont have the right to pull their business from somewhere else? People who live in glass houses shouldnt throw stones. I applaud Lowes for standing up and saying "No...we wont advertise there".
Kat
12/12/11
Lowe's has the right to spend their advertising dollars as they see fit. I support your right to do so 100%.
I've never been to Lowe's without receiving excellent customer service as well.
Nancy
12/12/11
I for one applaud your decision to pull the advertisments from American Muslim. The Federal Government has no right to tell anyone in the free market what or who they can support and what they can't. That is the beauty of this counrty or at least it was,  sadly we are becoming quite the oppisite. Again, I for one will stand by your decision as it is your RIGHT to advertise where you see fit
Nancy
12/12/11
I for one applaud your decision to pull the advertisments from American Muslim. The Federal Government has no right to tell anyone in
Dana Smith
12/12/11
About two years ago I took a retailing class for my fashion merchandising degree. We read a case study on Lowe's and my professor told us of her positive experiences shopping there. I convinced my mom to try shopping at Lowe's when we do work on her house. We both found our experiences with Lowe's very positive and until now, were exclusively shopping at Lowe's, even though a Home Depot is significantly closer to her house. Unfortunately, Lowe's has decided to listen to extremist groups and pulled their funding for the TLC's All-American Muslim, forcing us to now shop at Home Depot again. I do not want my money to support a company that puts extremist ideology above business and that displays such cowardice. I think Lowe's will find that those who do not fear Muslims or Islam actually make up a greater percentage of their sales than those to subscribe to fear-mongering and religious intolerance.
and to those who feel that Islam is Un-American, I'm afraid you are sadly mistaken. The Founding Fathers (the actual ones, such as Thomas Jefferson, John Adams etc) were very interested in Islam and very supportive of it. Please look it up.
Religious INTOLERANCE is Un-American.
Pywaket
12/12/11
I totally support the decision to pull the advertising by Lowes for the show American Muslim.  As a privately owned company they are free to advertise with whom they choose and with programming they do not find offensive.  I am distressed to read comments by those that do not appreciate that Lowes is "FREE" to advertise with whom they choose. I say shame on those that do not support this right, are we so intimidated by the CAIR organizations and Muslim sympathizers that we must appease them and their agenda to undermind what has made America great and that is the freedoms that we enjoy of individualism in this country.  As a privately owned corporation that is not government owned or a company that took a bailout to stave off bankruptcy Lowes is free to spend their advertising capital as they wish.
Gary Russell
12/12/11
I FULLY SUPPORT LOWE'S.  I GET TIRED OF ALL THE RACIST AND RELIGIOUS COMPLAINTS WHEN SOMETHING DOESN'T GO THEIR (THE MUSLIMS) WAY.  THIS IS NOT IRAN, IRAQ, OR SOME OTHER MUSLIM COUNTRY.  IF LOWES' CHOOSES TO PULL THEIR ADS FOR ANY REASON, IT IS THEIR RIGHT AS AN AMERICAN COMPANY.  THEY SHOULDN'T HAVE TO EXPLAIN IT TO ANYONE, ESPECIALLY TO SOME LEFT WING SENATOR FROM CALIFORNIA OUT TO MAKE A NAME FOR HIMSELF.  I APPLAUD LOWES FOR HAVING THE GUTS (FOR NOW) TO DO WHAT THEY THINK IS RIGHT, WHETHER I, OR ANYONE ELSE, AGREES WITH IT OR NOT.  THAT IS MY POINT.  THEY HAVE THE FREEDOM TO CHOOSE!  AND I CHOOSE TO SHOP AT LOWE'S EVEN MORE NOW AND I WILL BE HAPPY TO KNOW I WON'T HAVE TO KEEP MY EYE OUT FOR ANY HOMICIDAL BOMBER SHOPPING WITH ME.  GO TO MUSLIM HOME DEPOT AND ENJOY YOUR RIGHT TO DO SO.
Mike
12/12/11
I sit here reading some post that Muslims posted and their upset that Lowes pulled there advertisement.  I sure didn’t hear or see Muslims get upset after 9-11 I even know of some celebrating the destruction of the towers in New York. I have to say your fellow Muslims do way more to hurt your religion then anyone else. Look at some of the leaders you have in the middle east and the so called righteous Bin Lauden and he massive porn stash.  Some of the terrorist that were on the  planes that hit the world trade center were parting in strip clubs in Daytona. Then you have no respect for Christians in the middle east  but yet you come to America and demand the respect you do not show other religions. So for these reasons I fully back Lowes and there option to remove their advertisement from this show after all its a free country.
Carol in Tennessee
12/12/11
I feel Lowe's has every right to pull their advertising from any program they want to.
Where is the fuss when Christians are told to take down things that are near and dear to them.  I am sick and tired of being Politically Correct, that is being the down fall of this country as well as having a President that wants all things Christian shut down.
Lowe's or any other company has a right to say why they want to spend their advertising dollars with.
As for having to wait for someone to do a key turn for the military discount, that doesn't bother me at all.  Lowe's does not do this because they have to, they do it to say thank you to the military.  So those that are complaining about the wait for the key turn might should just grow up..
The last patriot
12/12/11
Way to go Lowes don't let the socialist liberals push you around. It's about time we stood up and tell the muslims to go back to their caves. 2012 time to clean the house of these mohamed pedophile worshippers
thank you!!
12/12/11
I proudly support you Lowes, thank you and i will shop at your stores forever.  Everything about muslimes and their child-molesting "prophet" is evil to the core.  alah is a joke for weak-minded slaves who have no consience.  turn away from the evil while you can.
Trish & Harvey Gerber
Thank you for Supporting AMERICA and pulling your ads from the Muslim show.
Michael Cullen
12/12/11
I am extremely satisfied that Lowe's pulled there sponsorship for ' All American Muslim', since there is no such thing as a all American Muslim. America, and its form of government,was founded on the principles of Christianity. If people will read the Koran, you will understand that it states,that no other religious beliefs or ways of life can coexist with Islam. According to the Koran,"all Muslims" are taught to exterminate anyone that is not a Muslim. The prophet Mohammed, when he moved from Medina to Mecca participated in the killing of Christians, by dismembering them, and wrote for his followers to do likewise. What the west needs to understand, is that Islam is not a religion, but a way of life that "all Muslims" must obey according to Sharia Law from the Koran. Don't listen to what Muslims want you to believe, read for yourself, what they are taught, that they must live only by Sharia Law. According to the Koran, Islam is taught to be the most intolerant belief on the face of the earth.  What I have said here is going to piss off Muslims, and they are going to say this is all lies. So, I challenge you to educate yourself to see who is really lying. Read the Koran and you will be shocked at what it teaches. There are other sources out there that substantiate all that I have said. One is a DVD called "ISLAM: What the West Needs to Know". It is available at Amazon.com, Best Buy, Barnes and Noble,and Overstock.com, just to name a few. Part of this DVD is narrated by an ex-Muslim  terrorist who became a Christian. What he says is is something every American should listen to. After hearing what he has to say, there will be no doubt in your mind as to what the agenda of Islam really is. Remember, you will pay for what you don't know, and knowledge is power.
Frank Johnson
12/12/11
I applaud your decision to pull advertising dollars away from programs that encourage and profit from anti American sentiment. I believe in religious freedoms but also believe that I should not have to be subject to others religions. That networks decision to create such programming, is in my opinion, in very poor taste and an attempt to popularize a religion that goes against every American value that created this great country. The state senator in California obviously has nothing better to do than worry with your freedom to spend your advertising dollars where you would like. He would be better served trying to work on his state problems than to intrude into private matters of a corporation. Thank you!!
A Loyal American
12/12/11
I just want to applaude you for standing up to this propaganda, "All American Muslim".  This Muslim infestation that has come to the modern world needs to be dealt with, and by that I mean they should not be allowed to ductate what happens in our part of the world.  It is your right to pull your ads, and your right to know where you want to spend your advertising money. So know, they want to bully you into spending countless thousands if your money to appease the muslims.  PLEASE !!!  This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of. Keep being who you want to be, not what the leftist's and Muslims want you to be.
Richard Hall
12/12/11
I will make every effort to find my home needs at Lowes NOW!! Lowes has made a lifelong customer out of me for this action.
Job well done for recognizing the Muslim propaganda for what it is, not a "show", but pure propaganda. ROOT out the evil.
Seems most easily forget the poll conducted BY Muslims 2-3 years ago that showed 80% of ALL Muslims at the MINIMUM...would NOT condem the 9/11 attacks and over 30% condoned the attacks.
The Muslims have found a new niche, VICTIM. Would they care for a little cheese with that whine?
Give me a break! I'd say to them what I say to antone else who doesnt care for America, American ways or capitalism & the free market...LEAVE!
Bravo Lowes!...and...a VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS LOWES!
Garrett Trahan
12/12/11
Your pulling of your sponsorship on the "All American Muslim" show really show cased a new low for you.  It's really a shame that a store like yours, who caters to all people of faiths, religion, and walks of life, can not have the decency to do the right thing.  Your corporate indecisiveness and lack of balls really to stand up to those uneducated groups of hatred is just a shame.
T. Long, Texas
12/12/11
Thank you for pulling your advertising block from the program "All American Muslim".  My family has already to chosen to shop you store instead of Home Depot be ause they are anti-family, anti-Christian and pro-homosexual.  We hope you will continue to stand for values that distinguish you from other retailers.  Your customer service has been fantastic, your products and selection are great and you local store appliance personnel is top notch here in McKinney at 380 and Hwy. 75.  You have secured our loyal business for as long as you continue to protect true American values.  We are telling everyone to shop your store for these reasons and will continue to do so.
Sue T
12/12/11
Good for LOWES!!! You have EVERY right to advertise where you want to! Bravo!
I have nothing against the muslim religion, but lowes has EVERY Right to put ads where they want. I for one am glad that they will not promote ANY RELIGION. Religion just causes problems!!! Look at all the Muslim countries....problems problems problems !!!
Liza Thomas
12/12/11
LOVE LOWES.  We replaced our roof last year and the people at Lowes are wonderful.  Love the store and the helpful associates.  As for pulling the ad from a T.V show that is fine by me.  You are a company in America and you do not have to advertise on a show if you do not want to.  Love your store and will recommend it to everyone.
Brain Dean
12/12/11
Thank you Lowe's for pulling your ads from the worst show in America: American Muslim. What on Earth was this show created for?? I'll tell you why; for Sympathetic Tolerance!! We now must bow down to every muslim in this country just because they are here? NOT! And that Senator from CA. Go ahead, call for a boycott of Lowe's. I for one will still shop at Lowe's and am glad some companies have the will to stand up to fanatical groups of people who will use any means they can to advance their cause!
Brandt
12/12/11
I have always had good service at lowes, but I feel lowes did the right thing in pulling the ad from american muslim, I know there are no ads on American Babtist! from lowes, Also are country was founded on judeo-christian beliefs! NOT Islam!!!!!!
Marilyn Nixon
12/12/11
We are outraged that Lowe's succumbed to a right wing Christian hate group.  Lowe's caved in and dropped sponsership of the reality show AMERICAN Muslims.      Hate should not be an American value.
All our appliances came from Lowe's, our house was built from supplies from Lowe's.  It is farther to go to Home Depot, but that is where we will take our business if Lowe's doesn't change it's policy.
Helen M Davis
12/12/11
Thank you for pulling your ad regarding The American Muslim.  All of the attacks against America have been done by Muslims.  You do not owe anyone an appology.  Take a stand for America and don't back down.  Muslims are taught from early on to hate us and break us.  I shop at Lowes and will continue to do so. We have too many companies that are willing to sacrifice America for people who think they have a duty to tear it down.  Muslim is a way of life, not a religion.  True Americans need to speak up and support companies that do take a stand.  Thank you.  God bless America.
CR
12/12/11
Good for Lowes for pulling their advertising during the Muslim show. Muslims are not Americans; they never will be Americans because they don't want to be. They do not assimilate; they take over and kill whoever they consider to be infidels.  America better wake up or they are going to start seeing heads rolling and that is not a figure of speech. That is reality.
julie
12/12/11
dont ever buy carpet from lowes. Carpet was to be here on the 5th. has not arrived yet. should be here today. then the store manager was to call me back he did not had store employee call me. told me that the carpet could be cut in factory because its supose to rain the next week except for one day. First of all being in home building I can tell you never ever have i seen carpet cut for your home at a factory. second they wanted to charge me extra for moving furniture cause i had so much. I have two matresses a tv hutch two end tables and two sofas. ( I had a water leak in the house so everything is packed in garage.) So opt out of them moving the furniture. Im a pretty easy going person but this is just not right a week before the holiday i get my carpet have to put everything back myself and put up holiday stuff. if they would have done what they promised I would not be in this spot. Very bad customer service and follow thru on Lowes.
Eugene W. Sanders
12/12/11
I am 100% in agreement with your decision to pull your advertising from the TV show relating to muslim life in America. Religious prejudice assertions notwithstanding, as an American company you have a constitutional right to use your advertising money any way you see fit, to maximize your expected patronage. Please do not give in to those who try to force you to do otherwise, for whatever their ill-conceived reasons.
E. W. Sanders Tampa, Florida
P.S. I think you have great stores, and great people working in them!
Cynthia
12/12/11
Thank you Lowe’s, for pulling your advertising from TLC’s latest disgusting propaganda programming, the All American Muslim.  I had made a note of which corporations were sponsoring this offensive show – before permanently programming TLC off of my channel line-up.  I have no intention of ever giving these businesses any of my money.  However, Lowe’s, in support of your decision I will be shopping at your stores instead of Home Depot or OSH.   Merry Christmas.
Wendy Young
I love Lowes!! Wonderful products and the BEST employees!! A Great All American store!
Thank you Lowes and God Bless and God Bless Americaa!!
Chuck
12/12/11
I don't know all the details of Lowes decision on this issue, but commend them for taking a stand against a religeon that is contentious, misogynist and a major threat to this country.  If one has doubts about this, read scholars like Bernard Lewis or Samuel P. Huntington.  Also, look up the definition of Taqiyya.  It allows them to lie and/or say anything in the perpetuation of Islam.  I am very skeptical of these feel-good TV shows that are springiing up.
Also, Lowes, I own apartments and warehouses and my maintenance people use  your stores, not Home Depot.
Please don't capitulate on this issue.
Emily Lewis
12/12/11
If you are upset with Lowe's pulling their advertising from the AMERICAN MUSLUM TV show, because of some hate filled religious group in FLORIDA called, "The Florida Family Association", then please write to the CEO of Lowe's and tell him to stop promoting "RELIGIOUS HATRED" in AMERICA! And, that you will not be shopping at Lowe's anymore! I & my husband will NEVER spend another dime at Lowe's, and I'm am closing our credit card accounts, also. My husband is a building contractor, so they are going to lose thousands just on us. Write the CEO of "Blowe's" His name is, ROBERT NIBLOCK, 401 Elkin Highway, North Wilkesboro, NC 28659. And tell him, there is no place in America for... RELIGIOUS, RIGHT WING FASCISM.... By the way, I'm an Irish American.
jodie waller
12/12/11
A BIG Thank you to Lowes for taking a stand against the American Muslim show.
Jesus came at Christmas time for all peoples....those who believe in the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Don't be deceived America....the Muslim faith is NOT what American was founded on ...it was a Christian faith and still is...
Jim De Boer
12/12/11
Lowe's has done a great job as a home improvement store for years.  This recent fervor over the pulling of the advertisement is a joke.  They reacted as a business and decided the negative attention for sponsoring this series was against the message they wanted to portray.  This is what capitalism is all about folks.  You don't like it, fine.  You don't want to shop at Lowe's as punishment?  Fine.  THat is your decision.  However, to come on and say that it is 'Anti American', religious bigotry, or any other slanderous language is ridiculous.  For a sitting Senator from Michigan to accuse this is poor by example and nothing but posturing in a political manner.  For a Senator from California to insist on an apology AND to insist they put their ads back on TV is illegal.  That is Lowe's choice.  They don't have to advertise anything if they do not desire to do so.  Yet, hot air filled politically correct windbags feel they should stand up for this "injustice".
I for one will direct MORE business for Lowe's as they stand for what I believe is correct and just.  Finally, to be just perfectly clear and to set things straight:  Muslim religion MUST stand for itself whenever EXTREMISTS perform despicable acts in the name of the Muslim Religion or the Muslim God.  Until this is the normal, and everyone in this wonderful country can relate to that, your religion IS a religion of hate.  When these awful acts of terrorism are performed, the Muslim religious figures in the US should be pounding on the door of every media outlet to proclaim what they did was a perversion of a peaceful religion and that no such personnel in his/her religious umbrella would ever perform such a heinous crime.
A religion that does not openly preach against such evil is essentially condoning the events that they are associated with.  So many acts of aggression with thousands of innocents killed were orchestrated by Muslim Extremists, not Christian Extremists, not Buddhist Extremists, or Mormon Extremists.  If you do not like being lumped in to such a group, then distinguish yourself from them.  If you do not do so, then you are part of the issue.  Many links have been made between so-called peaceful mosques and the extremists, providing safe haven and financial support.  Where are you to decry against their efforts?
Until the distinction is made, you will be discriminated against daily.  Lowe's isn't even discriminating against them.  They are only exercising their right as an American corporation to choose what shows to sponsor and what shows not to sponsor.
W Love
12/12/11
Your decision to pull your adds do NOT disturbe me at all. I will continue to purchase from your store.  Although I do not agreee with all of your decisions, I do respect your decision.
Nancy
12/12/11
Mr. Niblock ~ You did exactly the RIGHT thing by pulling your ads from the Muslim show.  I've seen the show and it is propaganda to the extreme.  Everyone I know loves your store and we will be giving LOTS of Lowe's gift cards to our friends and family this year for Christmas.  To all the naysayers out there - WISE UP PEOPLE AND DON'T BE NAIVE!!!  Thank you Mr. Niblock for standing up for America!!!
kathyg
12/12/11
I think Lowe's did the correct thing by pulling their ads off this show.  I will support Lowe's even more and encourage all my friends to do the same.  It is about time we stand up.  I for one am sick of the muslim culture being stuffed down our throats.  I would rather boycott the network that is airing this kind of junk. Stand strong Lowe's.  You did the right thing.  Don't let the few un-Americans pressure you to support something you know is wrong.  I WILL SHOP AT LOWE'S MORE NOW MORE THAN EVER SO DON'T CAVE ON THIS ISSUE.
Sue Stanford
12/12/11
I enjoy shopping at Lowes and will continue to do so. I will also advise all of my friends and family to do the same. I support their reason for pulling the ad 100%. I will not go to their competitors and will ONLY go to Lowes because of what they did. Lowes you have a loyal customer for life.
Sandie
12/12/11
I applaud Lowe's decision to pull their ad from the series Muslim in America. Fortunately we are a country with enough freedom left that companyies can choose to advertise where they will. Unfortunely it seems post 9/11 America has forgotten what we promised never to forget. Some of us haven't!
C.Pass
12/12/11
Thank you Lowe's for being a GREAT and TRUE American. Thank you for pulling your ad dollars from that horrible show. "American" Muslim. A show that slaps true Americans acreoo the face. Thank you again!
Mark Nixon
12/12/11
This would have been a 5 star rating, except for the thoroughly botched job Lowe's did on the Muslim TV show ads. You are a great company with great company service. But the folks who made the decision to pull the ads ought to be taken to task. I'm a Christian, and this action was offensive to me, not to mention the millions of honest, hard-working, loyal American Muslims.
My advice to Lowe's: Admit your mistake, apologize, and promise you will re-examine how this great company caved to bigotry.
David H.
12/12/11
Dear Lowe's,
Excellent decision;  Not only do I support and applaud your decision to pull advertising from the show "All-American Muslim", but I thank you as well.  Thank you for being a strong, principled corporation.  Doing what is right is rarely popular these days, as relativism and political-correctness have stifled many worthwhile decisions elsewhere.  Thank you for seeing through the facade;  please hold firmly with yoru decision and know full well many of us are with you. Already a Lowe's customer, I will increase my business with you, and deeply encourage peers and family to do the same. Many who will scoff at the decision to pull advertising on such a show are the same who resort to name-calling and hurl hollow threats.  They are fringe elements and simply wish to be louder and angrier than those with whom they disagree.  Stand your ground; and know we are standing with you.
Christopher Walker
12/12/11
Lowes, DO NOT cave to the pressure from such a silly asenator as ted lieu. He has no idea what he is saying. What is preached and what is done is two different things. The koran preaches peace but the followers do not follow that preaching, even the moderates. If you change from from being a muslim to a Christian then you are marked for death. If a woman is raped then she is subject to being stoned to death. This is happening right now. I have not found that in today's Christian or any other religion. Lowes has the right to advbertise on any program they wish or to pull advertising from any program for any reason they want. Now since ted lieu wants you to keep advertising on american muslim show then sue him for the costgs of the advertising and any losses occured by Lowes for his actions.
Jennifer Stewart
12/12/11
I support your dropping advertising during American Muslim. Its your advertising dollar and you should be able to spend it where you feel it does the most good and certainly not spend it someplace that might cause you harm. I am appalled that some state senator thinks he is going to "pass legislation" with regards to this situation. What does he think he is going to do, pass a law that a business cant decide where to invest its money?? This is political correctness that is out of control! This is now a much more important battle than it started out to be. Please be steadfast in your decision for all of us someone has to stand up and say we wont run scared every time someone wrongly cries racism. I think you made the right decision anyway, just can't imagine who thought it was a good idea to advertise during this show to begin with! Not racism, just common sense. Not every negative feeling about a person of color or even a group is racism.
Harold Priest
12/12/11
I can't thank you enough for pulling your add from that muslim tv show. It IS all propaganda to lull America to sleep about the true intentions of the followers of the Quran. It teaches that if any non- muslim will not convert, they must die.  I used to shop all the home improvement stores. However, because of your decision to pull the add, I am now a LOYAL Lowes shopper!
Pat
12/12/11
Lowes I will never boycott a store but I will send them my opinion. I feel that you have the right to stop your comercials for any show that you wish to. We do live in America and we have the right to go to a store or not, watch a show or not, and advertise on a show or not. My objection with this show is that it is trying to use it as a form of propaganda. In that there is a current anti-Christian feeling in media these days and you would never see an "All American Christian" show or Jew, Hindu, or Buddhist, so I have to ask, why are they pushing "this show". I have my own reasons for not liking this religion and it has more to do with womens rights and control of them, plus I think it is a religion of hate and not acceptance.So I say to you Lowes, do what you feel you must and stick to your own beliefs.
Jim Watson
12/12/11
Lowes,
I thank you for your decision to pull your advertising from All American Muslim. It seems people have forgotten that Americans, and American businesses, have the freedom to choose where they spend their money.
Some would have us belive that choosing not to spend money on their particular cause makes one a hater. I disagree. I have a choice as to where I spend my money and I will spend it at Lowes even though Home Depot is only one mile away.
Please stay the course. There are more people who support your stance than oppose it. I will support you, as best I can, with my wallet.
Gina Marie
12/12/11
I have been buying exclusively from Lowe's for the past 3 years and boycotting Home Depot for their heavy involvement in gay advocacy. I applaud your advertising pulling from the show "American Muslims". It only confirms my decision to buy from your company and we will continue to do so. We have a whole group of church member friends who are supporting Lowe's instead of Home Depot. We are proud of your stand. Yes, you may receive some criticism and dislike, but I am sure you will find that even more support will come your way as we make it known that you were willing to take a stand for the values and rights this country holds so dear!
G. hulkovs
12/12/11
Really?! You caved in to hate-mongering Christian extremists by removing a show that was more All-American than the complainers.  Shame on you!  Not goung to shop Lowes--and I'll be tuning into the show more often!
Thomas Hendrix
12/12/11
Dear Sirs, I believe you have every right to spend your advertising dollar where you see fit. This is you right as an American. I will continue to shop your stores for my home improvement needs. Thank You.
AN AMERICAN
12/12/11
RE:  PULLING ADVERTISING.  GOOD FOR YOU, APPARENTLY EVERYONE FORGETS 9/11 OR DIDN'T LOSE SOMEONE THEY LOVED THEN.  WHY IS IT SUPPOSE TO BE "KEEP THE MINORITY HAPPY SO THEY DON'T BOMB US" OR EVERY AMERICAN HAS TO CHANGE TO SUIT SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO KEEP A DIFFERENT COUNTRIES LIFESTYLE???  AND KEEP THE SIGNS IN ENGLISH, THIS IS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, IF YOU LIVE HERE, BE AN AMERICAN, NOT A FOREIGNER.  OUR FOREFATHERS SAW AND WELCOMED MANY PEOPLE AND THEY ALL APPRECIATED AND LOVED AMERICA, WE WELCOME ANYONE WHO WANTS TO LIVE, TALK, DRESS,AND ACT AMERICAN.  IF YOUR COUNTRY IS SO GREAT, STAY THERE!
Mary Shier
12/12/11
Shame on you, you have just lost a loyal customer. I have shopped at your store exclusively.
You have cow-towed to an extremist religious group. They "DO NOT" speak for me!! I am
a Catholic women who believes in all religions are part of America.  Shame, shame, Lowes, you know your name.   You folks, should rethink your position before you let one crazy religious group do your store harm. You will lose a lot of customers if you cow-tow to one group of CRAZY people.
Mary
Keith former customer
12/12/11
As a stock holder and (now former) customer I'm appalled that Lowes cancelled a show about Muslim Americans due to "dozens" of complaints. I will NEVER shop alt Lowes, will retun all of my re net purchases for refunds and voice my con Ernst at the next Stockholm meeting. This is America, the land of religious freedom, the country my family fought in wars to protect.  RACISTS!!!!
M. G
12/12/11
Thank you for pulling your ads for this 'American Muslim' show. If this show were 'American Jew' or 'American Christian' everybody would be screaming about that. Those words American and Muslim are an oxymoron as Muslims are Muslims are first. It was an act of bravery because you will get flack from all the bleeding hearts who want to make everybody equal when they are not. Muslims do not have equal values and have been our enemy since Thomas Jefferson refused to pay them ransom and sent Marines to Tripoli.  Apparently nobody reads the Quran before posting. Muslims think all sorts of evils are just fine.  Do some research.  This action will make us go to Lowe's more, not less.  Thanks for having a backbone in a very silly climate. My son is a dead Marine and yes, we have one of those folded flags in his old bedroom. The show is an insult and all those for it should be ashamed.
Hans Vandegraaf
12/12/11
The rating should have been a FAT ZERO,cowards!,meekly giving in to these evil bigots.I thought that the TLC show was interesting&informative and certainly not PROPAGANDA.
Henceforth will shun Lowes to the max!.My washer&dryer will need replacing soon,but I'll head for SEARS,you can count on that and I'll check out Home Depot too
Jeannine
12/12/11
By folding to the pressure of the Florida "Family" Association you have lost me, my husband, and whoever I can get to listen to me to not shop your store in the future.  What you did buys into the bigotry and racism of those small minded people.  There is no way you will receive another cent from me and my family. You should be ashamed.
Laney
12/12/11
I fully support your right to pull advertising from the show Muslim in America. A congressman has no business telling a company to apologize to anyone. And Lowe's has every right to advertise or not advertise as they see fit. I will continue to shop in your stores.
Anti America-Hater
12/12/11
The Muslim show on TV is an affront to my dignity, patriotism, and intelligence.  Thank you for pulling your ads from that show.  NO ONE can tell a company how, where, what audience and how much to spend in advertising.  The Muslims are inserting their biased ways into OUR country.  This is NOT their country.  They want to take our laws and use them against us to promote their ways.
The show is sickening to watch - two occasions, maybe 5 minutes tops.  You will loose my purchasing dollars if you continue advertising on that program.
Personally, the program needs to be taken off the air.  Despicable.
Cindy
12/12/11
Kudos to your company for pulling the ads on the American Muslim Show.  It amazes me so many are willing to continue to give Muslims the benefit of the doubt when they as a group either are silent about the violence of their brethren or cheer on violence against other religious groups (there was cheering in U.S. Muslim communties on 9/11--it was captured on video).  In every country that has welcomed Muslims, there have been problems.  Muslims do not wish to peacefully coexist.  To the contrary, they can exist peaceably with other religions only to the extent they do not follow their own holy books' dictates.  Already, in some cities in the U.S. it is not safe b/c of the Muslims----I'm looking at you Dearborn, MI.  Some Americans have b/c so open minded their brains have fallen out.  Wake up, people.  If a religion's own holy men tell you they plan to kill or subjugate people of other religions, we should believe them and act accordingly.  We should not be trying to put an American face on a decidedly un-American way of life.
Lowes did the right thing.
5th Generation American...Standing for Something
12/12/11
Lowe's...I love your store and I love it even more now that you have stood up for what is right. I think that it was GREAT that you pulled your ad's from the show "All American Muslim". I think the show stinks and I really dont want to promote a religion that kills so many people. There's always the option to go back to the country and religion you hold so dear. America does stand for freedom of speech and religion but don't spit in the face of the country that you call home. Putting a mosc in the very spot that all those people lost their lives is crossing the line. Do we "Americans" not have a line anymore. Do we have the attitude
"anything goes" here? Would that happen anywhere else in this world. Are we suppose to be so considerate that we can't stand for anything anymore? Ridiculous.
JOM
12/12/11
How come there was never a show about the "American Protestant", the "American Jew" or the American Catholic?
I, for one, am pleased to see Lowe’s stop their advertising on the American Muslim.
Its about time we recognize where we are headed with all of our Political Correctness.
When was the last time anyone heard of a Protestant suicide bomber or Lutheran jihad?
As for the California Sen. Ted Lieu reaction to the issue……he’s simply pandering for votes and publicity but this is a normal political approach
Robin
12/12/11
I just read an article from One News Now regarding Lowes decision to pull its advertising from the show All-American Muslim.  I agree with Lowes decision.  In my opinion, stores such as Lowes, Macy's, Home Depot, Wal-Mart, etc. should not get involved with the sociopolitical aspects of our nation and should focus on providing quality products and service.  It's humorous at best that a So. Cal. Dem., looking to make a name for himself, gets bent over a show about Michigan Muslim residents.  If Lowes hadn't paid an ounce of attention to the show in the first place, one has to wonder where else the poor Senator would have gone to achieve a similar boost to his career?  Perhaps Macy's peek-a-boo or transgender dressing room policy?  Ah, but that wouldn't fit the California societal mindset, would it?
So....Lowes:  From this consumer's standpoint, good products most of the time; good service some of the time. I gave 5 stars for the simple fact that no one beats Lowes for clean restrooms!  Otherwise, they're just like every other company offering similar products and services. They could do worse, they could do better.  Here in America, however, it's their right to spend their advertising dollars on whatever they please just as it's our right to shop Lowes or any other store.  Stand firm Lowes...FOCUS!
I shop at all stores, not just Lowes.
Amanda
12/12/11
I am very disappointed with your decision to pull your ads from the TLC's "All American Muslim." You have given strength to bigotry and ugliness that is all around us in our world today.
As a result I will not be shopping at your stores for my home care needs. I will also be advising my friends, family and co workers to do the same.
This saddens me on a personal level as I have spent quite a bit of money with you over the last three years as a first time home owner, and have historically enjoyed your products and customer service. Now I must find a new location for my current and future home care and gardening needs.
It was a wonderful relationship while it lasted, but I cannot support a company that supports bigotry.
Sara Barett
12/12/11
Congradulations for having the courage to stand up for America and not support a program that sugar coats the truth!!!!!!Stand strong, there are so many people supporting you and your bravery to not cave into the extremists.
Penny Patterson
12/12/11
I love my Lowe's in Palestine, TX.  The customer service could improve, but everyone is very polite and want to assist you.  I was glad to hear that they pulled their ads from the show "American Muslim"  which is nothing, but propaganda.  Thank you Lowe's you have my business as I don't do business with Home Depot.
Dr. K
12/12/11
I am a proud American Muslim that has lived here in the states since 1979, I am deeply sadened that those racial and hatred thoughts of a true radical organization (the Florida Family Association) can change the advertising views of a corporation such as Lowe's.  I am a doctor practicing in California, I don't treat religion I daily treat human beings, and that's what we all are.  This is truley a step backwards in this country's progess forward.  I was raised in Florida growing and truly understand the redneck mentality of some people but for a corporate company to affect it's advertising to please some inbred with absolutely zero sense of any educated intelligence is absurd.  Good Luck Lowe's I will no longer shop there and believe that I will send the message along.
Bunny Stevens
12/12/11
I am in total support of this company cancelling advertising during the American Muslim show.  Doesn't anyone get that this is America and we are all in a position of power in making our own decisions.  Some people would take that away from all of us if they could.  Trust me, this show isn't to "help" non-Muslims understand -- it is to get us all used to their way of doing things.  No thanks!
T Suiter
12/12/11
Thank you Lowes. I stand by your decision to cancel your support of the "American Muslim" television show. I further encourage Lowe's not to succumb to the threats by an tiny fraction of "irritated" people who obviously know nothing about business or advertising. Obviously, the advertising dollars invested into this failing pilot simply were not paying off or it would be continued. How DARE they attempt to pressure Lowe's  who employs thousands of citizens of ALL faiths to invest in a propaganda stunt attempting to somehow glorify the Muslim religion. The people who are so upset about Lowe's not continuing to fund this show, should quit complaining, and invest their own money into it if they feel so strongly.
I appreciate you holding the line on this one and keeping prices low by invest your money wisely.
Thank you, and Merry Christmas!
T. Suiter
R. Williams
12/12/11
Thanks for having the guts to pull your advertising from the American Muslim. You are being criticized (unfairly) for promoting hate, but I can see the hatred in the emails of all those that oppose your decision. Thanks for not bowing to political correctness and standing for your principles. I applaud you.
J Smith
12/12/11
I am glad you pulled your ads, you are a true American company. God Bless America
momma star
12/12/11
I am very happy with the customer support I get at the Lowes in Columbus, Ohio. I am also very supportive of your choice to stand behind your decision to pull your adds from the american muslim show on TLC.
Sue Stanford
12/12/11
What happened to fair and balanced reporting. I see all kinds of blogs on here bashing Lowes for pulling their ad but the one I submitted supporting it was omitted.
Thank you for respecting my freedom of speech!!!!!!!!!!!!
Linda Epifano
12/12/11
Shame on you!  You are a ignorant corporation that is cowardly caving in to the "real" scary sector of America, the right wing conservative extremists.  I will never shop at your store again.  And I am not a Muslim. I am the mother of a Marine that fought in Iraq to try and protect all religious freedoms here and abroad. But you can't fix stupid and you fall into that category.
MG
12/12/11
ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL THAT LOWES WOULD PULL ADVERTISING FROM A MILD REALITY SHOW THAT SEEKS TO REDUCE STEREOTYPES and reduce absurd, unfounded fears about someone based on religion.  Lowes would be better served by not advertising on a show like Jersey shore which reinforces stereotypes.
I am now going to boycott the store which is less than 1 mile from my home and which I frequently used.
Alison Watters
12/12/11
Shame, shame, shame on you Lowes for pulling your ads from the Muslim show! I can only deduce that you don't believe in our Constitution and freedom of religion. Wow I never thought I would live to see this day. I will never shop at you stores again.
William Wittelsberger
12/12/11
For many years I have been a devoted customer of Lowes.  However, because your company has stopped advertising on TLC's "All-American Muslim", I will no longer shop at Lowes ever again.  I know this won't hurt you very much.  I do sincerley hope that millions of others like myself will also refrain from purchasing products at Lowes stores.
Julie
12/12/11
I fully agree with the choice of Lowe's to drop advertising for All American Muslim.  I assume TLC was trying to educate us about Islam and the Muslim culture, and they failed miserably.  First off, the poor woman who is trying to open a nightclub!  Everyone is against her for trying to start a legitimate business!  Maybe her family should back off or try and support her.  Was America not built by small business owners?  Second of all, the Deerborn football team practicing from 10pm to 5am, does Deerborn not have curfew laws? Allowing those young athletes to play a football game without being able to drink water is absurd!  If one of those kids collapsed of dehydration, would TLC have filmed that as well? Thirdly, (and thank goodness Lowe's isn't a pet store) Jeff and Shadia gave up Jeff's 16yr old beagle!  This poor guy converted to Islam because it is improper or not allowed for a female Muslim to marry a Christian. He and his family embraced the Muslim culture!  Isn't it religious intolerance for a family to not allow their daughter to marry a Christian! Jeff embraced a whole new culture for Shadia.  She said her allergies were the issue, well deal with it, marriage is about compromise.  Furthermore,the show made it very clear that Muslims were not dog friendly and that they are looked upon  as unclean!  Watching Jeff in tears leaving his best friend of 16 years, broke my heart! Did God not create dogs?  Did Shadia not know Jeff had a dog when she married him?  I am glad Lowe's dropped the show, I would not want to be affiliated with these individuals either!
fed up
12/12/11
Only good experience with Lowes. The 10% military discount is given in appreciation of the men & women who risked their lives for YOU. If you had your butt shot at overseas, protecting a bunch of loud mouthed, ignorant, politically correct people with brain freeze, you should have a discount. A lot of people were drafted or volunteered and did NOT head for Canada. Their consolation prize for doing the honorable and legally required "duty" was to go to Vietnam! AREN'T YOU JEALOUS? As for "Muslims in  America",companies have the right to advertise on any shows they choose. I believe terrorists are mentally sick & disgusting, the worst of them are those "born in the USA". Why would Americans join terrorist groups? Once, we would say they were nuts or their head wasn't screwed on straight. Now some would say they were misguided or some other lame excuse since nobody is responsible for their own actions. Thank you Lowes for the 10% discount!! Remember, 1. The USA was founded as a CHRISTIAN NATION 2. Don't believe everything you see on TV 3.Think for yourself 4. Not everybody is loveable.
Freedom Reins
12/12/11
As an officer in the United States Air Force I applaud Lowe's actions when they pulled their adds from the islamic propaganda show "All American Mulsim" (which by the way is an oxymoron).
While I do not shop at Lowe's I will make an attempt to shop there now to support their right to pull their advertising adds from running along side the enemy propaganda machine.
Nancy from WY
12/12/11
My rating of poor is related to the chains lack of civil responsibility and political decision to pull advertisement on TLC due to bigotry.  This is America.  Real tired of corporate arrogance, greed and right wing fear mongering toward a minority group.  Will not buy from Lowe's and encourage all my friends to shop anywhere else.  We vote w/our pocketbooks.  Who needs em...perhaps a fascist country would be a better fit to peddle fundamentalist hate...America has no place for it.  WWII was fought and won to end Nazi methodologies and this has got to stop, now!  Play your political games somewhere else.
*Just read some other reviews...good Lord, does Lowe's do anything right?  "Pathetic, greedy, poor employer, shoddy crap, shoddy service" to quote a few.  How are these yo yo's in business?  F em.
Ken Stewart
12/12/11
I fully support your decision to pull advertising from the American Muslin reality show.  It takes a lot of courage to be right when it is not politically correct.  Lowe's is my favorite home improvement store and even though it is not the closest to my home, I will only be shopping there in the future.
Ken Stewart
Bill Craig
12/12/11
As an Evangelical Christian I will say my piece about the program pertaining to the Muslim community. First, a Christian is not to hate anybody and I do not know one who does. However, we do get upset whenever a company promotes something that is not right. I think it is fine to show Muslims culture/law if it is done correctly. Most Muslims just want to live their lives in peace like the rest of us. BUT, there is a religion involved whose background, history, and religious writings do not promote  peace and 'get along with everybody' EX: Middle East and different groups within IRAQ and IRAN.  Religious freedom is not tolerated in most Muslim dominated countries. Christians cannot openly worship in Saudia Arabia, Iran, or most Muslim dominated countries,,there may be a few. Read the news about what happens to Christians in that part of the world.
It is good to learn about other cultures and show TV shows about them. I would believe there were some very good people shown in the program. BUT, one must also include all the truth (good and bad)about those cultures that have a history of violence. The bad in Muslim culture/law must be exposed and not covered over. SO, Lowes did good to stop sponsoring a program that did not present all the truths that needed to be told. Lastly, I ask everyone to try and learn each other and become friends, thanks.
Eric
12/12/11
Way to go for supporting a fringe hate group which represents the bottom feeders of American society. I can get just as good home repair materials from home depot or wal-mart and will take my business there, at least I know all people are welcome there. Unless you fire the people who made this retarded decision and make a public apology;I or my friends, family, and neighbors will never shop at Lowes again.
Stan
12/12/11
Way to go .... You have to do what you think is right. Do you think you would have been as harshly criticized if Lowes would had pulled their ads from a christian show. Not likely, and everyone knows it! I will continue to support Lowes, as I always have. Freedom is a choice...and you are entitled to that choice, not everyone will like it, no matter what that choice is!!
EZ Levens
12/12/11
Thank you for not supporting an obvious attempt to spread a false impression that Islam and American values can magically co-exist. Islam is a global theocracy with one goal. Global domination, which means America must submit to or die according to the quran.Personally I haven't shopped at Lowes much, but from now on I will shop there instead of The Home Depot. And as far as the racist claims.......isn't it funny that Muslims call Christians extreme racist for wanting to preserve our way of life but its not a problem for Muslims to saw off the heads of our solders on TV,kill their relatives for honor should they choose to leave Islam and now Muslim Cleric's are Warning that Cucumbers are Too Sexy for Women.
So thank you Lowes for supporting the values of this nation as opposed to the values of the nation of Islam.
John Campbell
12/13/11
I won't be shopping Lowe's any more.  I don't watch TV at all, let alone that reality Muslim TV show, but I oppose racism and sheep-like behavior.  Lowe's, you are pathetic, un-American, and stink.
Karen Cox
12/13/11
Dear Lowes, I do hope you read all of these comments. I am a Christian who lives in Oklahoma. I consider myself a middle of the road person, and I am astounded you chickened out on your advertising of All American Muslim. Really? Muslims are a huge part of American society, and live just about everywhere in the United States. They are as law abiding and honorable as any other group in our wonderful United States. Our country was founded on freedom of religion and diversity. Yet, as a major corporation in our country you have pulled your advertising of this fascinating show that depicts a portion of our society. Well, let me tell you, had you done this to another segment of society, you would likely have been stoned. This group is being stereotyped and it is ridiculous. Just because a group that has a bit of clout complained. Well, there are other groups out there, and people as well that will complain about this ridiculous decision. Once you make a decision you should take a stand, and stick with it. Perhaps someone will cancel your advertising, since your organization is wishy washy and weak. I am going to the competition, after years at your store. ByeBye.
Steve
12/13/11
While I have been in business for 38 years,,I have made a point to drive PAST your store due to the support of illegals by your company!! I have always driven the extra 6 miles to get to Menards!!  However,That will now change !! THANK YOU for removing your adds supporting a tv show "PRAISING" those who would kill all americans, and destroy out country! The LIBERALISM and political correctness in this country are destroying our nation!! Your next step should be to remove the signs in spanish in your stores!  THANK AGAIN!!!!
Marilyn Duncan
12/13/11
I'm so disappointed in and embarrassed for your company. All-American Muslim is a show that's meant to foster understanding of people who are different, and the first time some bigoted little peckerwoods pop their ugly beaks up and start squawking you actually validate them. Those nasty little people are to Christianity what the 9/11 terrorists are to Islam: our worst face, twisted by hatred. Places like Lowes should be helping people build their American dream, not pulling the welcome mat out from under them. How did your Muslim employees feel about that, btw?
Cyndi016
12/13/11
I applaud you for pulling your ads from the reality show. A review below called it cowardice but I couldn't disagree more. What a brave act in today's "go along with society". I have always preferred Lowes but now will shop there exclusively. Thank you for standing up for values so important. For the ones that disagree, they are simply ignorant to the values and beliefs our country was based on. To these ignorant people,Please feel free to find another country that shares your beliefs and stop complaining about this one!In our wonderful country that is one of your rights.
On another note, I cant believe some of the petty complaints people post on  here. One of the most absurd is the "I'm a professional person and very intellangent" gentleman who applied for 3 different positions in 2 months and didn't get hired.  ..."I didn't have no experience in that field'.."One week later I had anouther interview"..."I have a very clean background, I also go to college for Criminal Justice. That right there shows you that I got a clean record since I get Government Financial Aid and Loans to go to school."(Anybody who has ever received a student loan knows the only criteria for getting one is that you have never defaulted on one in the past) Sir, your letter speaks for itself.
Daerlne Bach
12/13/11
I support pulling of the Ad. I love shopping at Lowe's. You have the right to have Ad's on any show you like. If you pull an Ad so be it. Why does it have to be about A so called religion. I don't see you  or other companies putting Ad's for a Christian or Jewish show based show. Matter of fact those would not even be tolerated by the ashiest or Muslim and they would be all over any company that did have an Ad on them. So Best to stay neutral and not support any so called religious based show. Unless of course the owners of a said company are strongly of the same religion.
An American Christian
12/13/11
I was thrilled to see Lowes pull their advertisement from All American Muslim. How very brave of you. I now will shop only at Lowes and will will do so with pride. For the woman with 500 apartments who will now only shop at Home Depot, I say great, please pay those over inflated prices so you have to raise your rent and people wont be able to afford your rates in today's economic hardship. Then you will go under and maybe move back to a country that shares your views. America IS a country based on religious freedom...Christian religion. Curious why you gave Lowes 5 stars.....just saying
Roger
12/13/11
I spend over $600.00 every year on plants and hardware items. About half is spent at Lowes. If I am remoldeling the amount is much higher.  I appreciate your pulling support for a muslim show.  Every place in the world that has a large number of muslims has confusion, misery, murder of innocents and violence.
I PROMISE THAT I WILL GO TO LOWES FIRST FROM NOW ON AND I WILL INCREASE MY SPENDING AT LOWES FROM 50% TO CLOSER TO 90%  Your prices are always competitive and now YOU HAVE MADE A FAMILY STATEMENT please, don't give in to the muslims.
MW
12/13/11
>>Easy there Jennifer Long: "You certainly live up to YOUR stereotype...addle brained Christian racist southerners." It is difficult to take someone's comment about stereotypes if they too stereotype. Be careful not to estrange those who would be on your side, no matter where they are from. I live in the South and I plan to write Lowes a letter stating my disapproval of their actions. Also, I will not shop there until they issue a public apology.
A Disgrace to Democracy
12/13/11
I am disgusted with Lowes.  I will never shop there again.  The removal of their  advertisement from All-American Muslim is an example of discrimination at its best.  A company lacking core values, such as religious tolerance for others, will never get receive a dime from me!
Nancy Branch
12/13/11
Thanks for standing strong and pulling your ad from the Muslim prograsmming. I don't care what your reason was, it is an American right to advertise whereever you please! You, however, made a wise and profitable decision. God Bless The USA!
Regards,
DownriverDem
12/13/11
Lowes is totally out of it when it comes to what the USA is all about.  To cave in to a repub Christian rightie group like they did is so divisive and disgusting.   I am not Arab or Muslim, but I am sick and tired of repub Christians re-writing history claiming we are a Christian nation.  WE ARE NOT!   For Lowes to do what they did just shows how swayed by the sickies and hate mongers they are.  I will not shop at Lowes anymore as long as they are going to align themselves with hateful repub Christians like that group in Florida.
Bob
12/13/11
I have shopped at your stores for many many years now.  I have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to build homes, repair homes, and to enhance my living space.  In all that time and all the $s spent I have never had a complaint with management, store personnel, or in any area I can think of.  Thanks for the great service, and for providing a teriffic staff of people who are always so helpful.  Also, thanks for pulling your ads from the American Muslim program.  That was a very prudent decision.  It will be very helpful in the long run.
Patrick B.
12/13/11
I am a General Contractor and have used Lowe's for 20 years now. I was sorry to see the old lumberyard concept go, but they had to compete with Home D...., so I suppose they had no choice. I applaud them taking action and removing their ads from the "Americam Muslim" show. They did the right thing and as a Christian I stand up in agreement.It sickens me to read all these negative reviews from Muslims who are offended by this, they don't even know their own religion.Coming from someone who has studied the koran, the muslim religion is a violent and unforgiving doctrine that allows no one the freedoms that America was founded on.Yes, we have freedom of religion, just like we have freedom of speech. This should allow Lowe's to advertise when and where they please, without complaints from those who do not believe in the very Religion this great country was founded upon.They actually stand up for their beliefs, unlike Home D.... who promotes gay rights and terminates those who open show their Christian beliefs. I no longer shop at HD and Lowe's gets all my business. They are a local(NC) company and still are proud to fly the American flag.
I challenge everyone to study the Muslim doctrine in it's entirety and then decide whether you feel that it is right to belong to a religion that says that there religion is the only acceptable one and if you do not comply then you are an infidel and should be put to death.Great job Lowe's for standing up for our home and country!
Mrs Carmen T. Spiegel
12/13/11
Stick to your guns, Lowe's.  That Islamic, communist, propaganda show is nothing more than that. Bravo Lowe's and stand tall.  Lived among these hateful people, who are not tolerant of any other race, religion, etc.  Lived in France for 8 years, and they burned our flag and danced in the streets in France the day of and the day after 9/11. They sneered and grinned with hate at me and told me that my country is doomed. Do not let idiots like Russell Simmons and the Hollywood commies beat you down. God Bless America and freedom of business in the private sector. What ever they are selling on this show is nothing but window dressing. They came here to destroy this country from within.  One is already in the White House.
Don Crosswhite
12/13/11
I have a been a steady and loyal customer since 1995. as well as my eniter adult family.  I am a former marine, at the age now of 76, and never have I experinced such bigorty and stupidness than from Lowe's for caving into a group of even a more hateful enity, givng an intelligent documentary on american citizens for christ sake! Until I read publicly or on the TV, my family and I will never, and that means never, cross the threshold into a Lowe's store again!  Right down the road from our local is Home Depot, and for just a few blocks drive, it will give me great pleasure knowing that at least the one of the most hateful and bigotry inclined company in American will not ever see my hard earned momey again!
richie A
12/13/11
I am proud American when I learned about your action toward the American Muslim which I have advised my builder for home construction we to return all the construction materials we have bought from you store and suspend further purchase which so far total about $36,000 I know this doesn't mean much to you but surely the Home Depot would love to have us buy it from them.
Babs
12/13/11
I want to thank Lowes for daring to stand up to the unrelenting pressure of the Islamic supporters in our country. I've made it my business to read everything I could get my hands on about Islam since 911. Anyone who puts out any effort at all to find out can see this is not a religion but a political way of life which is inconsistent with American values. A blogger on Free Republic put it perfectly.
“A group of people hate your way of life. Their core beliefs revolve around cheating you, lying to you, and even killing you if you don't agree with them. They voluntarily come into your country and demand that you alter your system to accommodate them. They spew the most vile hate speech imaginable. And you are the bigot?”
It is becoming dangerous in our country to use our First Amendment right to say or question anything about Islam. The attacks on Lowes is proof of that.
Diane and Peter Voigt
12/13/11
We will never shop at Lowe's again.  For you to fold and withdraw your advertising for American Muslim is cowardly and disgusting.  To submit to the demands of a small, fundamentalist group who would paint all Muslims with the same brush is stupid.  Fundamentalist Christians are no better than Fundamentalist Muslims since both are totally driven by hate and bigotry.  We have both Home Depot and Lowe's in our area and have given preference to Lowe's in the past.  Not any more.  From now on, we will only shop at Home Depot.  We've stopped shopping at Walmart and Target because we were offended by their corporate policies and now Lowe's has joined that list.  Too bad.
Lorraine Seaman
12/13/11
I am incredibly disappointed in your willingness to feed into the worst kind of religious discrimination and fear-mongering.  You are certainly free to advertise, or not advertise, as you see fit.  I am free to choose to shop at Home Depot.
Leigh Shafer
12/13/11
Kudos to Lowe's CEO and the rest of the executive board for pulling advertising from "The American Muslim" show - a show designed to promote Islam as being peaceful, when in fact Islam and the Koran both preach that the "unbelievers" must be killed, terrorism is promoted, women are treated as less than second class citizens and in many cases killed to "avenge" sharia law.
My home improvement dollars will be spent at Lowe's -
guest
12/13/11
I have read these complaints and am not sure these are not untrue coments made by PRO Muslim/shows that are trying to flood your mail with complaints.  Those of us that appreciate being able to advertise where you want is priceless.  I remember when a congressman brought "Goldline" to testify that they were not falsley advertising.  The media and democrates boycotted Goldline.  Eventually they all looked like fools and Goldline made a lot of money because of it.  Hang in there Lowes.
SJV
12/13/11
I have been traveling past your two largest competitors to shop at your store. I have to travel over 50 miles to buy what I need for my house and also items for our summer vacation location and I'm happy to do so. The folks on the floor are always very helpful and I enjoy the experience there.
I also want to congratulate you removing your ads for the current show running on the TLC network, American Muslim. I tried to watch the first broadcast and after a few minutes I had to turn it off. I will not watch a 30 minute commercial and then listen that we are being unfair to that group of people. If your not happy here or you feel like we are picking on you please feel free to go back to your own country and work on changing that homeland. Please don't tell me what I need to do to make you happy!
I also plan on contacting TLC and offer my views there. Being a free country that many have died for, I have the option to turn off the channel.
Winston Winebrenner
12/13/11
I own several buildings and most of my maintenance and repair dollars go to Lowe's, not anymore.  Secret corporate political contributions put me on the edge, but now that Lowe's has shown themselves to be bigots, I will be shopping somewhere else.  Lowe's excuse about pulling ads from a TLC show because they do not want to be in the middle of a controversial issue is outright lying.  Lowe's execs are bigots trying to find an excuse for something they wanted to do in the first place.  Who changes their ad buys because a few customers hate Muslims?  Would it not be better to just ignore the ignorant and let it blow over?  I will not spend another dime at Lowe's. Hello Menards and Home Depot or better yet a locally owned hardware or lumber company.  Lowe's represents the worst aspects of America society.
phillip deem
12/13/11
Your withdrawl of support to ALL AMERICAN MUSLIM tells me you are racist in nature. As much I dislike the Koch bros interests in Home Depot I will shop there and not at Lowes. You will NOT get another penny from me.
It is actions like yours that creates disharmony. The right wingers that started this are wrong and therefore LOWES is wrong for bowing to their racism.
And finally, some good has come from this, All American Family has sold ALL of it's advertising to Russel Simmons. Apparently LOWES is redundant.
Apologies will not be sufficient. Apologies will not hide your racism.
Bonnie Bartley
12/13/11
Lowes, please know the rude comments made about your store and pulling your ads from the muslim show are TROLLS who are disgruntled because you had the fortitude to stand up for what is right in this country! You are a GREAT STORE and have GREAT EMPLOYEES! I couldn't ask for better SERVICE! Just know that the vast majority of Americans applauds you for what you did when you pulled your ads from that show! We stand behind you and your bottom line will show that in the end! Just wait and see. THANK YOU for being the AMERICAN company you are! You will always have my utmost respect and all of my business (and many millions more)!! Always have, always will. God bless you!!!
Thomas ohlgren
12/13/11
Wow, I used to be a loyal Lowe's customer until they dropped their support of "American Muslim." I suggest that others boycott them as well until they apologize and reverse this bigoted decision.
12/13/11
To think that a corporation as big as yours would cave in to a bigoted, fear-baiting, hate-mongering group such as the Florida Family Association leaves me no other choice than to boycott your business.  Furthermore, I will encourage my friends and family to do the same.
Michael Bem
12/13/11
Lowe's, get some backbone. I'm very disappointed that you backed out of sponsorship of the  Muslim reality TV show: that you bowed to right wing nutcase so called Christian. These people are christian innate only. Until I see a change in your behavior I will shop at local hardware or Home Depot.  Think about it folks.
Mark A. Kimball
12/13/11
Did you read that Mia Farrow and Russell Simmons called for a boycott of Lowes for not supporting the "American Muslim" Show?
I have an idea, let’s deport Mia Farrow and Russell Simmons to a Muslim country.  I am sure Mia would love her new Burqa and being stoned to death for sleeping with Woody Allen.  And, Russell Simmons is going to love being forced to pray in the streets several times a day or be put to death as in infidel.
Well since we are a Christian Nation (Sorry Barack), lets do things our way.  Lets just forgive Mia, Russell and all the Muslims that want to kill us, restrict the building of Christian Churches by order of death or even reading the Bible; buy everything you can from Lowes and encourage Lowes and the rest of our chosen vendors to support Christianity, America and American Made Products
When Muslims openly refute Killing Christians, openly support universal respect of Christians, work to arrest Muslim Terrorist and mutually agree to the building of Churches and Mosques in every nation, then and only then will I encourage the support of any Muslim Mosque.
Mark Kimball
12/13/11
THANK YOU for pulling advertising for the muslim propaganda ~ It made the difference between our entire family continuing to shop at Lowe's and never stepping foot in one of the stores again.  You have NO need to apologize to p/c fools, you did the RIGHT thing!
Lydia
12/13/11
I love Lowe's -- and a BIG THANK YOU for your latest decision to pull the ads from the muslim show.  Unless & UNTIL "mainstream" muslims DENOUNCE terrorism & THOSE WHO USE IT, until they RENOUNCE SHARIA & ALL THE UGLINESS IT ENTAILS -- I will continue to speak out against this political IDEOLOGY masquerading as "religion"!
As a STAUNCH supporter of HUMAN RIGHTS, WOMEN's RIGHTS, GAY RIGHTS, and ANIMAL RIGHTS -- all of which are SEVERELY ABUSED UNDER ISLAM -- I cannot support the ISLAMIZATION of the West!  Thank you LOWE'S for DEFENDING OUR FREEDOMS!
THE POWER OF PRIDE!  GO USA!
Don Mueller
12/13/11
I have shopped at lowes for many years but from now on Home Depot will get my business. Why, because I think it was totally wrong that you backed off advertising for the show Muslims in America. This United States was build on freedom, freedom to say what we want, freedom to practice the religion we have faith in.  We may not agree with how people express their faith but as an American citizen we have to respect that. I think you will see a backlash from this decision, to let a few right wing fanatics influence your decision is not true american. So sorry but it is no longer the blue box for me it will be the orange one.
Don M
Kristin Klamm-Doneen
12/13/11
I am sickened that Lowes has succomed to pressure by bigots to remove their ads from television space during the All American Muslims show. I teach World Religions at a local college, and I hold a M.A. in Comparative Religion. I can tell you that this type of behavior is so antagonistic and cruel to the majority of wonderful Muslims in our country. I'm ashamed of your behavior, Lowes, and I will not shop from you until you not only put the ads back on but you also issue a clear apology to this community. We'll continue to just wash the dishes by hand for now.
I'll be doing more shopping at Lowe's
12/13/11
THANK YOU for pulling your ads from the ridiculous "All-American Muslim" show. The poor ratings this show gets more than justifies the decision, since it has lost virtually all the share of viewers it had on the first show and does not even make the top 100 shows of the night! If this family, starring a woman who organizes a fund raising event for a terrorist front group that our Federal Government recognizes as being a terrorist front group, is "All-American" then we should start to worry. I don't think the family portrayed is typical, though, and a lot of my Muslim friends don't either. They don't like the show. I think that your company shows it is well run to not waste ad money on a show nobody cared to watch. Also, I think it's really wrong that Lowe's is singled out when a long list of sponsors did the same. Good for you, I will be sure to shop at Lowe's whenever I need to.
Elizabeth
12/13/11
I am writing to commend you for pulling your advertising from American Muslim. This is still a free country and you have a right to make decissions that are in the best interest for your company and its reputation.  My Family, Friends and myself will shop at Lowes and tell everyone we know of your courageous decision.
That show is being put on to deceive the American public into thinking that their ways are compatable with ours. That they are just like us. They are not. The Karan is in complete opposition to our constitution and They would eventually like to replace it with Sheria Law.  They are already trying to through our court system.   The Muslim community is pouring millions of dollars into desensitizing the American public so they can accomplish their ajenda.
Diane
12/13/11
Thank you Lowe's for pulling your ads from the phoney, false and lying All American Muslim program.  One of the Mulimette stars of the show hold fund raisers for those who are vowed to destroy Christians, Jews and the United States. Their geo-political philosophy that they pretend is a religion should be banned in the United Stats because of its violent intent and its goal to overthrow the United States.  Muslims are an enemy of the United States, they should be treated as such.
Kay Farmer
12/13/11
Thank whoever is responsible for pulling your advertisements for "All American Muslim".
I think alot of us have had the Muslim "card" shoved in our face for too long now! This is a very different world we live in now and I believe more caution should be used before backing certain things. I am sure that if people knew all that was going on in the background, they would be very afraid!
I will continue to patronize Lowe's and will tell anyone who I know of what I have just written. May Lowe's pass through this dark time and come out victorious!
E. W.
12/13/11
I have been shopping at Lowes for over 20 years.  I am a Christian.  I have Muslim friends who are certainly not terrorists and who follow the precepts of the Muslim religion as I follow the precepts of the Christian religion guiding us both to live loving and peaceful lives.  As a corporation Lowes may choose to place their advertising dollars where they will.  In turn I will choose where to place my home improvement dollars...and Lowes has helped me to narrow that choice.  I will not be buying from Lowes and I invite others to quietly withdraw their financial support.
SS
12/14/11
Dear Lowes, I want to thank you for pulling your ad from TLC due to American mUSLIM. I was born in a mUSLIM country and so were my ancestors.  As a Christian, we were and still are being killed and called filthy Christian's.  You should see how they treat you in their countries and do not give you any rights.  The Christian's, Jews and all other religions that were born in their countries know them very well and they can try to fool other American's but they don't fool us.  Thank you for not supporting their agenda to put give more money to Hesbollah's to so in return to kill us.  Again, thank you for not being "politically correct".  May God bless you and I among everyone I know WILL support you.
Shirley McNeal
12/14/11
There is a lovely Lowes store here in Henderson, NV that will never get my hard earned money again. While most of Americans are interested in learning about other religions and people, you let a redneck group in Florida tell you what shows to sponsor. Who is running your organization????  At a meeting at my community clubhouse we discussed the decision you've made by not sponsoring this show about Muslims and most of the people attending this meeting will no longer be shopping at Lowes. I am an Episcopalian and am ashamed that in 2011 such ignorant decisions are still being made about one's religion.  Go in to any hospital in America and you will see how many Muslim doctors and nurses are on staff, just raising their families in a peaceful way the rest of us are.  Speaking of doctors, I wonder how many corporations will fail to sponsor Dr. Oz's show...or is he the token Muslim??? Am actually surprised about your ignorant/dumb decision and we have a lovely Home Depot here in Henderson, NV where my husband and I will shop from now on.
Jim Roberts
12/14/11
STAND YOUR GROUND LOWES! DO NOT BE BULLIED BY SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS. THIS IS AMERICA, NOT IRAQ OR AFGANISTAN OR ANY WHERE ELSE. YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO DO AS YOU FEEL THAT IS GOOD FOR YOUR COMPANY. ADVERTISE WHERE YOU WANT WHEN YOU WANT. IF THE MUSLIMS HATE YOU HAVING THIS FREEDOM THEN LET THEM GO TO ANOTHER COUNTRY AND SEE WHERE THEIR COMPLAINTS GET THEM, MANY AMERICANS DIED FOR YOUR RIGHTS AND THEY STILL ARE. GOD BLESS AMERICA
Bill
12/14/11
Love shopping at Lowe's. Planning to pay off my credit card, cancel it, never step in the store again and do my best to get my friends and neighbors to do the same. Reason: because Lowe's pulled adds on the New American Muslim TLC tv show. I don't have any love for Muslims and probably will never watch the show but programing like this is needed to help with the increasing racisim in my country. This country was founded largely due to religous persicution.  For what its worth. I'm a 53 yr old white male who is retired from the US military and now builds houses. Bye bye racists.
Jef Derry
12/14/11
I am not a Muslim, but I am an AMERICAN, as are the people in the show American Muslim. I have shopped at Lowes for all of my home improvement needs up until now.
Let it be known that I will never step a foot into one of your stores and will lobby to everyone I know to NOT by so much as a stick of gum from this un-American corporation. I am investigating now, which tv shows Lowes sponsors and will be writing these  networks to tell them that I will not be watching their network until Lowes is no longer a sponsor..
You did this to yourselves and you deserve every single bit of it.
You should be ashamed of yourself..
D Kharsi
12/14/11
Shame on you Lowe's for pulling advertising due to the beliefs of religious extremists. Muslims in this country tend to be very successful people. They work hard, follow the law and contribute to society. I know plenty of Muslim business owners who will no longer use your stores. I will no longer shop there and will encouraged everyone I know to go elsewhere. This country was founded by people trying to escape religious persecution. Not all Muslims are terrorists, there are extremists in every religion. All of the muslims that I know are very peaceful and live clean lives. Choosing to pull advertising reinforces the misconception that all Muslims are terrible people. Tell that to our 7 year old little girl.
Eric Derhammer
12/14/11
Thank You Lowes for taking a stand and pulling your backing of the All American Muslem show. Anyone who thinks that it was a cowardly act clearly doesn't understand the meaning of the word. We now live in a country where an individual, group, or corporation that takes a stand for their personal beliefs is berated and called a coward by those who despise the American traditional values that us great. I will continue to shop at Lowes in support of their commitment to their values.
Merry Christmas & God Bless !
george byrne
12/14/11
i have been a lowes customer for the past 20 years, having regularly visited the store and purchased its products on a weekly basis.However, after the co's recent gutless display of cowardness and pandering to a small group of so-called religious,hate mongers and bigots disguised as Christians, I will never set foot in a lowes store again and I will encourge others to do the same.How narrow minded and hateful can these people be! It make you wander what values they're teaching their childen i.e. hate and avoid anyone who looks different from you!Sounds  a lot like the KKK who also cite the Bible as the sourse of their fanatical rantings or the "religious" group who demonstrates at military funerals.What is wrong with the so-called leaders at lowes?I hope you are proud of your support of bigotry.Christians indeed!!!!
Peggy Levison
12/14/11
Due to your recent cancellation of your advertising for the wonderful and enlightening and educational t.v. program All-American Muslim, I am canceling my support for your store.  I will never shop at Lowe's again.  You caved to the pressure of ignorant bigots, so let them shop there.  The rest of us, True Christians, Jews, Muslims and Atheists will go elsewhere.  Then you will see who is the real threat to democracy and capitalism!
Peggy Levison
Judith Andreica
12/14/11
I have always appreciated the high quality products and service at the Lowes in Albuqurque.  However, I am very upset that you withdrew your ad from the Muslim  show and gave in to intolerance.  Apparently you have cast your vote with the "All Muslims are fanatics" crowd.  I regret you lack the courage and integrity to stand for educating oneself about different religious groups.  I am boycotting Lowes.
12/14/11
Lowe's you should stand for the Right and not bow to the wrong.  This will destroy our democratic country.  Please rethink your strategy, as I have never seen anyone who stands for rightness fall down in a long term.
smtoth
12/14/11
Now that you've pulled your advertising from American Muslim what's next;strip searches,racial profiling,proof of citizenship? Did I leave something out? How about separate water fountains and restroom facilities?  It's a shame you pander to the lowest denominator in our society. I used to prefer Lowes over Home Depot but no more.
Todd W
12/14/11
Shame on you! Giving in to a bunch of bigoted "christian" idiots! I have found that Fundamentalists Christians are far more dangerous to this country than Muslims ever will be...Timothy McVey-Oklahoma City Bomber, enough said!! Home Depot will be glad to assist me with my needs!
Concerned Proud to be American Citizen
12/14/11
Shame on you Lowes!! You have lost my business and along with any person that believes in freedom of religion. This beautiful country was built on the fact that anyone can live here peacefully no matter what their religious beliefs are. Your ignorance has given power to the radicals that hate this great nation and what it stands for. Are you that weak that you think a harmless show that depicts normal Americans living normal lives is going to harm us? What you are doing is unconstitutional because you are fearful. The saying ignorance breeds fear is true in your case. Your decision makers should be kicked out of this free land. SHAME ON YOU!!!!!
Robert Davis
12/14/11
I will only shop at Lowes from now on for my home improvement needs. I totally back Lowe's right to spend their advertisement dollars wherever they choose. The real bigots out there are the ones who are offended and mad that Lowes is exercising their American rights. Hey, it's a free country we live in, at least for now. If you don't like something they have done, don't buy from them its that simple. But we know that if this is the reason you choose not to buy from them, your the bigot not them!
Ron Martinez
12/14/11
Thank you Lowes for pulling your adds from the American Muslim TV show. We are sick and tired of being force fed all this muslim crap especially from our president. The show is meant to de-sensitize America regarding radical Islam. Stick to your guns. You will not catch me or any of my family near a Home Depot.
Kate Larsen
12/14/11
Although I do not watch "reality" shows, nor am I Muslim, your withdrawal of sponsorship of American Muslim Experience is shockingly bigoted.  We have shopped at the Ventura CA Lowes since it was built, but will be taking our business elsewhere unless you rectify this wrong. America has long accepted people of different races, religions, and cultures.  When you imply some Americans do not deserve these rights, you are pandering to a scary small percentage who would hoist their beliefs on all of us.  Please rethink this reactionary, partisan decision.
H.A.
12/14/11
I actually support Lowe's for pulling their advertising from "All American Muslim".
Lowe’s Home Improvement made a lawful business decision to end its advertising on TLC’s TV show, “All-American Muslim.” The available evidence is that Lowe’s did so because the show’s ratings had tanked so badly it hardly had any viewers. It’s not uncommon for businesses to stop advertising on shows with low ratings. There there is no reason to be upset over this!!!!
Robert Morrow
12/14/11
Re: American Muslim Experience
Several years ago I was in Munich. The conversation around concetration camps revolved around how did the Germans allow this to happen.  Lowe's action in the case of "American Muslim Experience" is exactly how it happened.  The willingness to barter the safety/dignity of minorities to maintain peace with zealots.
John Bows
12/14/11
I'm a white Catholic in Southern California, and I have to say you've fatally disappointed me! Nice job for pulling your advertising from American Muslim, not because the show is boring or not doing well, but because of pressure from a right-wing "Christian" hate posse (with zero political influence) that's trying to spread Islamaphobia and create a new target for scapegoating in the United States. I have always shopped at Lowe's Hardware. I will now be exclusively shopping at Home Depot, as will many of my friends. No referrals to you, no suggestions, and only bad reports will I field about your company. Hopefully, you experience really poor sales because of it. I'd like to think that if I can convince anyone not shop there for even one purchase then I've done the right thing.
SFC Dan
12/14/11
As a 3 tour combat Vet with Special Operations,in Afghanistan and Iraq. I know first hand how the Muslim community feels about any Person from the United States, any "Christian" basically any non-Muslim is an Infidel and therefore worthy only of execution. Do Americans just not understand why there are no American or coalition forces prisoners of war.. All persons taken alive in those countries are tortured and then summarily executed!!! I wholeheartedly support the Lowes company for choosing not to endorse propaganda which only serves to promote a religion whose entire goal is to destroy our American based way of life. I will continue to support and patronize my local Lowes home improvement store.May God have mercy on this country.
Charles Nielsen
12/14/11
I shopped at Home Dept and sometimes Lowes. I will now only shop at your store for your bravery.  I want to say bravo for taking a stand. Islam is only peaceful when in the minority but if they became the majority watch out all that are not Muslims.
Time after time they will say one thing and mean another. After 9-11 I read the Quran and thought to myself, no wonder they attacked us. People need to wake up because whether anyone really wants to realize this or not Islam is at war with the West. Look what the mid east countries teach about America...they teach there kids to hate Americans. So I will do all my shopping at Lowes.
Claire Rodman
12/14/11
Dear Ms. Carol Ahearn, VP at Lowes,
As a customer of Lowe's who just recently had a vanity renovation done with Lowe's products and services, I am writing to let you know that I am extremely disappointed that Lowe's has taken a 'political' stance in regards to a TLC program called "All American Muslim."  We have done a few home projects with Lowe's, which I have always thought of as an All-American type store, meaning one that does not discriminate or promote a particular belief or politics - a store that is neutral but all-encompassing in it's support of ALL Americans.  I actually watched the TV show "All American Muslim" and it's a very well done show that features a particular area in one of our states where there is a large population of Muslims residing.  Have you actually watched "All American Muslim?"  They work, pay taxes, go to school, have marital and family issues just like any other group in America does.  The show is done to educate us that not all Muslims are fanatics or religious-extremists, just as not all Germans are like Hitler.
It is very unfortunate that Lowe's has made such a public stance in this regard.  We have many more home project needs in our future, and while I have enjoyed a business relationship with Lowe's in the past, this kind of stance will definitely cause me to shop elsewhere.  I saw a clip on TV where you actually said, and I quote:
"...our decision was not political, it was not social in any way.
We just knew that it was a controversial program and we
wanted to reach consumers, and a controversial program is
not a great place to do that."
Have you at all considered that TLC has many other shows which can be labeled as 'controversial' such as "Toddlers and Tiaras," "Sister Wives," and "Virgin Diaries."  I think that discriminating against "All American Muslims" (or Muslims in general) is not a great way to "reach consumers," especially since I am a consumer and my belief is that businesses who discriminate, in any way towards anyone for any reason, do not deserve my business.
By the way I'm not a Muslim, I am not a Polygamist and I do not have a toddler in beauty competitions….I am merely a consumer who thinks Lowe's is absolutely wrong in this particular matter.
edward l miller
12/14/11
I stand behind loews fully and their decision to pull advertising from all american muslim. Its a private company and they can do what they want. You rock lowe's The show does not tell the truth about their life as muslims.
Boghosian Bros. Remodeling Company
12/14/11
As a contracting company who has been dealing with Lowe's for quite a few years - we just wanted to let everyone at Lowe's know we wholeheartedly support your decision to pull your advertising from The American Muslim TV series.
Patricia
12/14/11
After reading all of the complaints and comments I just have to remind all of you that you have the freedom to spend your money anywhere you want to.  You may have valid complaints and Lowe's should address them, however..........consider what you would say if you were told that Lowe's is the only place you could shop?
Did you all know that Muslim's are calling Lowe' decision to pull their advertisements from a Muslim reality show a crime and there are politicians threatening a lawsuit!  In the United States of America this is outrageous conduct contrary to the Constitutional rights of all of us.
I support Lowe's 100% with exercising their right to spend their advertising dollars wherever they choose.
Everyone should be glad that a large corp had the courage to stand up against this attack against our freedoms.
Diane Donato
12/14/11
I have always purchased my appliances at Lowes as well as home supplies. I am really disgusted at the goofy political move to remove your ad from a TV show about American Muslims. I am not a Muslim, but I do believe in religious freedom. If you pulled an ad from a Jewish TV show you would be vilified. But somehow it is okay to treat Muslims badly. Shame on you. Christians do not own this country - and I am one. I love the diversity of America! You made a big boo boo on this one Lowes. I will miss your store but am boycotting it for the sake of justice.
Robert M Edwards
12/14/11
I have a commercial account at Lowe's and appreciate the strong family values that they espouse. From your stand on homosexuality to pulling your add from the muslim program, I appreciate what you are doing and will continue to buy from your company.
Rita Rosenthal
12/14/11
I am disappointed in Lowe's decision to pull their ads from the All American Muslim show.  I was a loyal customer and now I will no longer shop at Lowe's.  Isn't America the place that fought for religious freedom?  Well I still believe in that and can't support any company that doesn't stand for the values of our country.  Home Depot here I come!!!
eddie jackson
12/14/11
i am a business man an i must say ive never seen so many people that you just cant please. no matter what you do that will never change.please stand firm the american people are behind you 100% AS ALWAYS STILL A LOWES CUSTOMER
Rich h
12/14/11
Your decision to pull advertising from the TLC show is ignorant and so appalling, shocking and overall dumb that I will no longer buy from your store and I will be sure to tell everyone I know to do the same. 
We live in America where we are free and we were found on the principle of respect for religious freedom and to throw your hat In the ring of religious intolerance is so ignorant and so pollutant to your corporate image I am shocked that it's worth the effort it took to pull an ad?
Is the Florida family association of bullshit worth losing customers???!!! You really take them seriously? An organization that believes if you are Muslim you are an extremist? 
It's so shockingly stupid and anti-American that I wish I could do more to promote this poor and childish decision. 
Btw I'm a small business owner/contractor who always thought highly of your stores. 
I no longer do. 
ModRog
12/14/11
Your decision to pull your advertising from the American Muslim show based on fear of retribution from a tiny, insignificant and radical group is the ultimate in cowardice and stupidity.  Whoever made that decision should be fired.  What an absolutely ridiculous move.
Prior Customer
28,000+ complaints on Lowes Facebook page and what does lowly CEO Will Johnson do?
Instead of addressing the concerns of the American public, he DELETES their comments!
LOWES caving to rightwing hatred groups and agreeing to pull their ads is absolutely disgusting.
Do you even know how many customers you've lost?   DO YOU EVEN CARE ????????
wendy paton beaupre
12/14/11
up to now Lowe's has been my favorite store. your taking ads off the Muslim show is despicable. you have reduced the company to hitler-like ethnic/religious bigotry. i wonder how my doctor (Muslim from Iran)will feel about this?? even George W. Bush warned us NOT to take this kind of stance. i will NOT shop at Lowe's until you put your ads back on there AND apology to the Muslim community in America. this is pure HATE, de-humanizing a group of people. and no i am not Muslim, i am just another American who is sticking up for ALL of our people.  you are painted them all with one brush, just as racists did with blacks, as Hitler did with Jews. i am totally disgusted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yacov
12/14/11
The decision to pull sponsorship from the TLC show "All American Muslim" is a disgrace.  I will never shop at Lowe's again.
Think about how illogical the argument against the show really is; it's like they're saying "My preconceived notion that all Muslims are terrorists is not perpetuated by this show, so I don't support it."
Elliott Fine
12/13/11
To whom it may concern,
I have shopped at our local Lowes here in Bellingham, WA for several years and, for the most part, have found them to be helpful all the way around.  It's not that things haven't gone wrong, but those things that did were always promptly taken care of.
I now wish to applaud Lowes for their decision to rescind all of their advertising from the "All American Moslem" show.  This shows that they understand that one of the basic tenants of islam (which means "submit" and not peace), is to, by whatever means neccessary, make the world submit to islam.  Until the world is within Dar-al-islam (the house of islam), moslems are in a continuous state of Dar-al-Harb (house of war).
There is no "moderate" version of islam.  The word as written by mohammed in the koran is "inviolate", and the punishment for apostasy is, quite simply, death.  The koran also states that if any two items within the koran, its hadiths or suras should contradict another item, the item deemed to have come later in the timeline shall supercede the item it comes in conflict with.  Since mohammed started out peacefully, but then turned into a bloody murderer, thief, rapist and pedophile ("married" his last wife, Aisha, when she was 10 and he was near 70) later on, all the peaceful things he wrote in the beginning of the koran, are abrogated by the later, violent verses (here comes a fatwah on my head).
Go ahead, read some of the koran, the hadiths and the surahs for yourselves.  Read up on what Sharia law actually is..... did you know that Hitler stole the Yellow Jewish Star of David he forced the Jews to wear from centuries old sharia law?  Look up the Laws of Dhimmitude.
To have a TV show that attempts to portray this cult and its followers as just "plain old normal folks", is not only false and misleading, it is dangerous and threatens all of us.
I will continue to patronize Lowes, and will encourage others to do so as well.   Until islam has a reformation like Christianity did, it is our duty to expose islam for the evil cult that it currently is, and to teach of the threat it holds for all who fall under the "infidel" banner.
Elliott Doland
12/14/11
I have been shopping at Lowes for over 20 years. My wife, when we first married, refused to shop in your stores saying you were "sexists" and "treated women horribly". I finally talked her into going to your store instead of Home Depot. That's about to change again. I am hereby boycotting your stores. Pulling your advertising from a TV show about Muslims was childish and ignorant. I guess I should have expected that from a bunch of southern hillbillies.
Goodbye, Lowes.  Hello, Home Depot. I will be sure to tell my neighbors about my decision and encourage them to do the same.
3rd Gen American
12/14/11
Hi,
I'm a multi-rental property owner in Maryland.  Over the past 10 plus years, my family has spent (based on our business receipts) well over 75 K at Lowes. Guess what?  That 75 plus K (between 5 to 10 K per year) is going elsewhere. Apparently, my money is just A OK with Lowes...but my RELIGION (and hardworking people very similar to myself...myself who has spent quite a bit of money at your store, I might add) is somehow controversial.
Screw you.  You're getting no more of my hard earned cash.
And I want my money back...if WHO I AM is too controversial for you to advertise to, then obviously, you don't need my money.  I want it back.  ALL OF IT, pronto.
OH, and...yeah, I'm never spending another drop of money in Lowes again, ever.
Kevin and Lori
12/9/11
Lowes I hate you SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I THINK YOU ARE THE WORST STORE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! I HOPE YOU GUYS FAIL SO BAD. I AM TELLING ALL MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY NOT TO SHOP AT YOUR STORE BECAUSE YOU ALL HAVE HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND DISGUST ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NO ONE SHOP AT LOWES!!!! BOYCOTT LOWES FOR THEIR LACK OF EVERYTHING AND THEIR EXISTENCE IN THIS WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORST STORE EVER.
El  Chaners
12/11/11
I am unhappy that Lowe's pulled their advertising from all American Muslim. I probably won't watch the show but I consider this cowardice  to the nth degree. All that baloney about boycotts- I bet it will hurt just as much when the Muslims and those that appreciate religious freedom and that this country allows all of us to live the life we want here as long as we don't hurt others. Shame on you! I used to like you better that HD but I think I will buy my stuff there now
Jennifer Long
12/11/11
Hey. I am a Muslim American who used to shop at your store. Apparently some Christian Extremists can tell you that I am unacceptable. Good to know. Me and my 500 apartments that I buy for will gladly go to home depot. Thanks for letting me know that you find me and my family all so scary for you "REAL Americans". You certainly live up to YOUR stereotype...addle brained Christian racist southerners.
Dawn Sealy-Leonard
12/11/11
I too must object to the "override" policy for military patrons that Lowes has adopted.  The continuous calls for someone to perform the override function is ridiculous. Lowes makes it such a problem in line for you that you just want to say "forget about it"...Well, I want my 10% discount.  Don't offer it if you don't want to give it.  When the objection is raised, you just get the shrugged shoulders, or someone who wants to argue about the company policy. The great thing is that we have choices.  There is a Home Depot right across the street, and we don't have that problem there.  They appreciate their military customers.  We will be shopping there from now on.  Enough is enough.
J T
12/11/11
The action to cancel the "American Muslin Experience" is cowardly. We lived in ignorance before 911 and we continue to do so.  What is the mater? Are w so narrow minded that we can't learn about their viewpoint? Besides, it is about the "All American Muslin". I will never shop at Lowes again as they suppress anything that is within the Neo-Con Christian position. Shame on you!
Morice Mumby
12/9/11
I strongly object to your "override" policy to require a supervisor to validate military ID's. I have shopped at Lowes 4 times since this policy was activated. I feel it is inflamatory, abusive and discriminatory. Each time I was required to wait a minimum of five to ten minites for a supervisor to appear to approve my purchase. This happened all four times in your nursery section. The worst episode, The cashier had to make ten calls to find a supervisor with three customers standing behind me. I was imbearised and they were unjhappy for the wait. Please stop discriminating against the military and recind this policy immediately
Joanne Rodemer
12/5/11
Last week I bought 2 sets of net lights for my bushes outside. Less then  1 wk later ! net nolonger worked. I went to Lowes to exchange it. They no longer have them in their store or any others in my area and are notr getting another shipment.Why? It's the end of the season. Are you kidding? they should keep supplies until after Xmas so customers can excange anything that fails. Home Depot is the same . These companies say the stand behind any product they sell and will exchange it. Well how can they when they do not keep things in stock for a reasonable amount of time after the product is bought and being used. It has been a huge waste of my time. I still have to take down the other set and return that since I need 2. This is the last time I buy anything "seasonal" from Lowes unless the change their policy.
Rencio Arias
12/5/11
I was extremley satisfied with the help I received @ The LOWES in Vallejo Ca. Since there is a Home Depot about a half mile from there, we decided to go there first, in order to purchase some plumbing supplies. After waiting for ANY sort of help after 20 mins. we left and and decided to give LOWES a shot. To our surprise, we were greeted kindly by one of their associates whom was named "Al" and, his sense of humor and plumbing knowledge, endeared us to him. He corrected us on some of our parts list and had us BOTH laughing at just about everything that was happening around us,(politics,sports,government)etc. He took the time to show us the different types of copper pipes and fittings, aswell as what the colored markings on the copper pipes meant. Where ever the found "Al", they should go back and hire MORE of them. I'm not trying to say that you'll find excellent service in ANY Retail service job. That would be ridiculous, BUT, If your ever out in Vallejo Ca, and you need or have any plumbing questions, ask for this GUY! I will not BS anyone reading this. See for yourselves!  Thanks!!!
Jammie
12/6/11
The Lowes president is a piece of junk! He is rude and never gets back to customers issues that are addressed to him.  Lowes Home Improvement is under a new CEO now.  The old one was kind and cared about the reputation of the business but, has retired.  Now sad to say, the employees are having to work for a sleeze bag that only cares about pointing his finger beind a wooden desk and eating donuts all day.
Francine M. Graves
12/3/11
My kitchen, bathroom and basement was completed using Lowe's product. They have just lost a good customer.  Long story short, I had a problem with a Whirlpool range that I purchased from Lowes.  After 3 different repair companys, 7 ordered parts and 8 visits,I wrote the president of Lowes and Whirlpool.  Never heard from the president of Lowes, but I did get a response from the executive office of Whirlpool.  Guess is who no longer a Lowes.  Oven on the range stop working in 14 August, I finally got a new stove November 11, 2011.  I went on my Facebook page and urged folks not to shop Lowes.
Are you kidding me???????
12/2/11
I am a loyal Lowes customer and asked to speak with the District manager in the Corpus Christi area.  Her name is Maribel. It was a real surprise to me on how unprofessional and bad her english is.  Seriously Lowes, come on promote someone with better speaking skills.  I could hardly understand her.  I ended up speaking to another manager later and got helped way better.
Patti Hermey
11/30/11
We were victims of Hurricane Irene and among the many things we lost were our washing machine and dryer.  We went to Lowes in early September and bought a new washer and dryer.  Within 1 week, the washing machine began giving us problems.  We called Lowes and they gave us a number for A&E to have it serviced.  The tech came out and warned us not to plug it in because it was a fire hazard as it contained exposed wiring within the washing machine.  He then ordered more than 20 parts and said to call him when they were all in so he could fix it.  It has been weeks and we have received around 14 parts so far.  I called lowes back and asked that they replace the machine because in replacing 20-something parts it would now be a refurbished machine and not a new one which is what I paid for.  They said I needed to call A&E for that decision to be made.  I called A&E again and was told that they'd come back to my home on 12/14/11 to "have another look at it".  To top it off, everytime I call I am treated like I'm being a pain in the ass!  I just want to use what I bought.  This is a coin operated machine so I am losing money because my tenants are now using a laundrymat and I am spending a fortune at the laundrymat as well as every Sunday morning!  At this point, I dont want the new machine either, I just want my money back.  The one that was damaged in the flood was bought at a mom and pop appliance store, I spent a little more on the machine but the quality of customer service was well worth it.
I will NEVER shop at Lowes again.... not even to have a key made!
very upset employee's spouse
12/1/11
My husband works for Lowe's he is a manager and he loves his job, he has giving several years to this company and has only taken one count them one sick day in several years. He is a dedicated worker always there on time never calls in and always on top of his respectability. He goes in on his days off to make sure his customers get help and or what he has promised them. We have really enjoyed his employment at his store, however this past few months we are really starting to feel like his hard work is for not. Corporate you want your employee's to do it all and much more you are now threatening there jobs because of a lack of (pse leads) really we can do everything talk to customers ask them try to talk them into this free help but when you are turned down that is it you can not beg and plead or hold a gun to there heads. You are going to lose a lot of good employees over something they have no control over. Weather you write them up and the potentially lose their jobs or they get scared because of the threat and start looking for new jobs and leave. I have to say that if my husband loses his job over this I hope you are ready for the type of hell that will be brought upon you. I hope you are ready to prove that a retail store is able to fire an employee due to not being able to make someone get something for free. And lets be real it is Christmas time do you really think People are interested in getting their homes remodeled no! They are more interested in buying gifts for friends and family co-workers etc. Back off your employees becasue sooner or later all you are going to end with is teenagers that don't want to work and you customer service is going to go in the crapper!
JEB
11/28/11
I had a really frustrating situation with the store in Brooklyn, NY.  After talking to about 5 different sales associates & getting more than 5 different stories I called HQs.  HQs could not have been more accommodating.  They called the store in question - got a SET delivery date, gave me an additional 10% off and called me back after the scheduled delivery date to make sure that everything that had gone as promised.  This to a landlord with with a tenant in need of his refrigerator is worth it's weight i gold.
Peter Kane
NO customer service at all!!
very Poor!
I can wait on the line for hours before anyone at "fax and pull" picks up.
I will never recommend Lowe's to any of my international customers.
Just terrible.
Mario
11/27/11
We have several Lowes stores in the Oklahoma City and Edmond area.  They dare you to ask for help.  You push the little buttons located throughout the store and you can stand there for hours without a soul coming to help.  Other employees will walk by, see you looking at them, then walk away if you try to approach them.  Even worse, you can find a product that's marked for clearance, sale, or whatever and when you go to check out, it's always the wrong item.  Never mind that it has stickers all over it or even a tag hanging off of it with the clearance price, it's always the wrong item and your fault for trying to buy it.  Home Depot will at least honor their prices even though their service isn't much better.
Missy
11/22/11
I went to lowe's back in March/2011 and purchased the Whirlpool duet front load washer and dryer set along with the extended warrenty. My washer went out and I called the 800 number. They sent a guy out and told me it would  be fixed with in the week we had to order a part.. ok was fine with that... a few day's ago I got a call no part in our country (USA) we will have to have it shipped here.. now they might not beable to get it fixed till after Dec.1st. in the mean time I am going to the laundry mat and spending money I dont have cause I was layed off..I will be without a washer for 3 week's with a family of 4.. I called them back and asked if I could just have the washer replaced instead of shipping a part in.. and the store manager gave me greif.. and he called me HON... I will never ever purchase another major appliance from Lowe's in Hanover, Pa. And I will find out who the district manager is and let them know the service I recieved was very poor. I let the store manager I would never shop there again and he was showing no sympathy what's so ever and was rather rude about the whole thing. I told him that he could take my washing machine and shove it up his ass.
Ray  Kilgore
11/21/11
I just came from Lowe's in Tarentum, Pa. I was willing to spend around $1500.00 on big ticket tools. I have a real bad back, so lifting is a problem. I waited in front of the key making dept. I was standing there for 20 minutes, b4 2 employees came close to me and I used my hand signal to them for where's my help, She said I will get you some help, LOL, it never came, and they just walked away. They were more interested in earning $2.00 for a key than earning big bucks. After 10 more minutes of them jerking off and ignoring me, I just walked out.  I bought 2 kitchens worth of cabinets, plumbing , electrical, tools and many more items from Lowe's. BUT that has come to an end. I will drive the extra 12 miles to go to Home Depot. Some policy you have there Lowe's, earn a little so they don't have to work hard.
who cares
11/20/11
I HATE LOWES ,IT STINKS really bad since the now cater to illegal aliens and Mexicans in general.These SOBs are killing our construction jobs and LOWEST of the Lowes is helping them by putting up sings in Spanish so in order to kiss Mexican booty in hopes for more profit while killing the real Americans..I HATE YOU LOWES
Tom Lawson
11/17/11
I really like shopping at Lowe's, it is a great store. Employee for the most part are great, until you ask for help loading. 16 bag of cement by myself, another 35 bags of mulch. Or maybe you when to get into the loading area to load your lumber, you find 4 pick-ups and 6 contractor's are standing around talking, drinking coffee,and won't move. The store manager is no were to be found. Managers need to be on the floor, walking around, solving problems, not sitting in the office. Maybe if this type of problem was taken care of Lowe's would not have to close 20 store. Don't get me wrong Home Depot is not any better.
Patricia and Edward Miklowski
11/17/11
We would just like the Corporate Headquarters of Lowe's Home Improvement to know what a wonderful contracter Mike Bolin is.  We have had the pleasure of having him install windows twice at our home and are thrilled at the quality of his workmanship. The front of our home looks outstanding!!!! Thanks to Lowe's for hiring such quality workmen.
notahappycamper
11/17/11
JohnnyComeLately
I too purchased the qualifying washer and dryer online. Which I didn't get a receipt only from my e-mail conformation. Got the washer and dryer delivered and sent in my rebate for the Samsung Galaxy Tablet. I too just got a letter stating I didn't have the right information. I sent what I had. I got a hold of the store that delivered it and they sent me some kind of receipt, that didn't even have my name on it. I sent that letter back to them and I looked on line and it said it was invalid. Johnnycomelately do you have the 888 number that I can call? I have looked and couldn't find the number.
TAMMI WEATHERFORD
11/18/11
I AM CURRENTLY RATING SUMTER S.C. STORE POORLY BECAUSE I HAVE BEEN REQUESTING MY NAME CHANGE FROM JONES TO WEATHERFORD FOR OVER 2 YEARS AND I HAVE YET TO RECEIVE A NEW CARD IN MY MARRIED NAME.  I HAVE PAID MY BILLS TO THIS COMPANY UNDER JONES WITH THE HELP OF MY HUSBAND DANIEL TODD WEATHERFORD AND WOULD APPRECIATE A 2ND CARD ISSUED TO HIM AT THE TIME THE NEW CARDS ARE SENT OUT.  YOUR CORPORATION IN THIS MATTER IS GREATLY APPRECIATED.
JohnnyComeLately
11/15/11
I purchased a Samsung washer and dryer from the Lowes in Lawnside, NJ.  The price was good and the delivery was smooth.  The problem is that there was a special - buy the set and Samsung will send you a new Galaxy Tab if you fill out the form.
I filled it out, included the receipt and waited.  6 weeks later I received a letter saying there was missing info and I had to return the form with the correct info within 5 days.
I poked around the Internet and found an 888 number for this promotion, which wasn't on the letter, and called.  The guy said the same thing until I told him "This is a scam and you are trying to disqualify me from receiving the promised incentive."  He put me on hold and then magically the info I provided was enough.  I should have my package in 1 - 2 weeks.
That's a pretty low move on the part of whomever it is that processes these deals, but Samsung and Lowes have a responsibility to make sure their customers are not put through this.
Cathy jones pissed off customer
11/15/11
Its a shame there is no ZERO star, that's what this company deserve from me.
I really feel I have to send you this letter of complaint. My mother tried to do something really kind for me a few weeks ago. I was back in England and she went to Lowe’s on South Tryon and ordered me a dishwasher. When I got home of course I saw it. I was pretty surprised as she really could not afford to do this. It looked like a good one it was a Whirlpool. Total cost with installation was $488.62
Again this was a lot for an old lady who lives on social security. I was very pleased of course. I started to load the washer; I live alone so it takes a few days. I opened it after about 3 days to add some more dishes and nearly gagged at the smell inside, it was disgusting. It nearly made me sick. So immediately I set the dishwasher to run, hoping the dishes would come out great and the awful smell would be gone. I used the heat dry setting as I always had with my old dishwasher but after 4 0r 5 hours everything was still completely soaked. I emptied the dishwasher and towel dried everything. I was worried at that point but thought maybe I hadn’t set it right. After about another 3 or 4 days the smell was back. It was just horrible. I did the same thing again started the dishwasher making sure I used the correct settings. I actually set it on over night as my house is open plan and it makes a good amount of noise. I again used the heat dry setting and yet when I got up and opened it up everything was again completely soaked. I told my Mum about this, I felt so bad telling her this lovely surprise was not working properly, she then mentioned to me about the smell in there. I hadn’t said anything to her but I know I don’t have a good sense of smell, but done she had told me the same I knew I wasn’t imagining it.
We decided to go to the store and talk to them there about getting a replacement. Keith was “at lunch” and not available. We spoke with Angela who was just lovely and helpful. She wrote down the one I wanted in replacement she completely understood my worries and said that was just not acceptable to have a defective appliance. She left all the information for Keith to do the paperwork and get the replacement ordered and installed. This was on a Thursday, she said it would all be done over the weekend and we should expect a call from him to let us know that it had been set up. I again was worried as my Mother had told me there was confusion when the original was to be installed as it wasn’t being installed at her address but at mine. Not rocket science but that got messed up the first time too. Sunday afternoon comes and still no phone call from Keith to let us know everything had been done and arranged. I called the store “Jason” answered Keith was not there. He check in the computer but he could not find anything regarding the old one being exchanged for the new one I had wanted in replacement. I was not very happy as you can imagine. He said he’d speak to the manager and see what he could find out and call me back. Just before the store closed he left me a message and said nothing had been done and I was not going to get the discount we got originally as dishwashers were not tin this weekends offer. As you can imagine I was furious as we were promised the same discount by Angela and nothing had been done. So I called the store and asked for the store manager the next morning. Angel Padget came on the phone and instead of actually dealing with my problem she handed me to the people who had NOT DONE what they said they would, she just seemed to have no interest in speaking with a customer. I have worked in store this large for many years and if a customer goes to the trouble of contacting a manager they should work on it fix it and speak with the customer not hand it back to the incompetent people who work for her.  Angela again was very sweet and apologetic but could not explain why this had not been done over the weekend. She assured me she would take care of this and promised me her and Keith would get this fixed. Keith called me the next day, all this time calls had been made to my mother when it was me who was trying to get this sorted out. Keith called me the next day later in the afternoon and told me he would make sure he had everything organized and would call me in the morning, a few minutes later I got an e-mail (attached) from Angela with a completely different price than I was told. Which made me even madder. There was just no communication between these people that is obvious. The next morning my Mother received a call at 8 am saying they were coming to bring a new dishwasher and get the old one and they’d be at my house in an hour. Well I sat there for 2.5 hours waiting for them to arrive then to find it was Lowe’s delivery guys come to collect the old one, there was no installation person with them and no they couldn’t take the old one out someone else had to do that. As you can imagine by this time I was absolutely furious. I just sat at home lost pay and nothing is done. I call the store again and asked Angel Padget she spoke to me this time and apologized. She assured me she would make sure I had a new dishwasher very soon and it should get to me this time. I should wait for the installer to contact me. So I did, they called me and arranged to come to the house between 8 am and 10 am Thursday November 13th. I sit there waiting again taking unpaid time off, at 10 am I call the installer, she assures me I am on the schedule, she calls the installer, and he says oh I don’t have that on my schedule…………….I put the phone down on the girl and called Angel Padget again. This time I want some compensation for my time, I make over $100 an hour in sales by now I had lost over 4 hours in work time, she offered me a $100 which is actually very insulting when you make that an hour, I took it and thanked her but I am not happy with it. I said I had to go to work and now they can sort a new time to come with my Mother I had wasted enough of my time this week already. Finally on Friday afternoon my new dishwasher arrives. It’s installed and once I have enough to run it I will.
Tonight I cleaned my floor moved my mats off the floor to do so and I see two chunks out of my ceramic tiles in front of the dishwasher.
I have to say I have never received such bad service in all my life. My Mother and I are very regular customers at that store, she has spent thousands of dollars there on garden things, she just got a storm door but I have to say neither of us will step foot in your store again. I have 360 friends on Face book who have heard this story social media is a terrific way to get bad service out there we no do not tell 10 people we know about bad service we tell hundreds. As for your Manager well she is a disgrace to your company her customer service and the way she doesn’t want to interact with customers is just awful. I told her my name several times and she still called me Ms Moore. (My Mother)
Your company has quantity but you lack quality.
Now we have to deal with these tile issues. This will cost Lowe’s or the installer to get this fixed.
Angela is the only person in that store who has had the manners to try to help. Keith dropped the ball with this big time. This lovely surprise for me turned into the nightmare from hell. And it is not over yet.
I also need to see what extra it has cost me, it should all have been done at the same price as the old dishwasher but all I got for this mess was $100 off the difference of the new price.
I hope that someone in authority has the manners to call me or write me a letter of apology as I said I lost $400 plus in work that week. I am also surprised I didn’t have a stroke or something my blood pressure was so high.
Cathy Jones
Mailinga letter to you today.
PISSED
11/15/11
I have recently updated my kitchen, so I thought, investing lots of money, using lowes' appliances....ALL are now failing.....do you think I can get LOWES to help? NO!!!!! First off, my dryer, they never replaced the old hose at the install appt, but I paid for that. My refigerator, not up to par... It was never balanced by the installers.  Then the oven/stove range, also never balanced, after having a 2nd one brought here cuz the first one was defective.  Now, the dishwasher isnt draining, AT ALL, but my sink and garbage disposal are working fine...plumber told me to call Lowes. FINAL STRAW, my dryer is not spinning, at all.....WTF....all of this in the last year!?!?!?!?!??!?!??!?!?! DO NOT SHOP AT LOWES...I was warned, dumb ass me didn't listen....
Margo Ryan
11/14/11
after visiting a Lowes stor over the veterans day week-end, my husband and I noticed the 10% off sale for vets. this is a good idea I guess in theory, but has a few problems that I see. why do you have to be active military to qualify for everyday savings? Does my husbands' service in Vietnam not make his sacrifice as important or valad as one currently serving??? what about the WW1 and WW2 vets? They are all on fixed incomes at this time in thier lives, why don't they qualify for daily savings??? Service and sacrifice to our country is just that-SERVICE AND SACRIFICE. I guess what I find most annoying is I personally know someone who uses this discount and personally shares it with all of her family every time they shop at Lowes, who has no family members currently serving or who have ever been in the service for years. get the D.D.T., and give honor to all veterans who have served in our armed forces, not just current, but honor all sacrifices by all. YOU WILL HAVE THE MOST LOYAL CUSTOMERS.
Thanks for your time,
