Company Research: Lowe's jobs in Springfield, TN, and Lowe's jobs.
Industry Research: Customer Service Associate I job is categorized under Other / Miscellaneous
Local Careers: Jobs in Springfield, TN (8.7% unemployment rate; $29,372 average salary)
Vp of Marketing - Home Security Safes - Virtual
Product - Nashville, TN
…business: Costco, Walmart, Sam’s, Dicks, Academy, Menards, Tractor Supply, Home Depot, Lowes , etc. * Understanding of the following channels; Dealer, distributor, mass
Posted 06/25/12
Teller ( Lowes Drive)
Regions Financial - Clarksville, TN
Title: Teller ( Lowes Drive) Location: Tennessee-Clarksville Other Locations: As the initial contact with customers, greets all branch visitors and answers incoming
Posted 06/29/12
Customer Service Associate I
Lowes - Springfield, TN
…Assigned primarily to one zone on the sales floor, but may be required to work in other areas. Job RequirementsRequires morning, afternoon and evening availability any
Posted 06/27/12
Department Manager
Lowes - Madison, TN
…Maintains departments according to company merchandising standards and store operations policies. Maximizes sales of department products. Ensures that all merchandise and
Posted 06/29/12
Head Cashier
Lowes - Madison, TN
…Provides direction and support to associates. Helps to ensure Customer Service needs are met at all times. The Head Cashier is mainly located behind the registers where
Posted 06/29/12
Assistant Store Manager
Lowes - Madison, TN
…include controlling and monitoring overall store expenses, and ensuring that all corporate financial and merchandising standards are maintained and enforced. The ASM also
Posted 06/21/12
Department Manager, Installed Sales
Lowes - Clarksville, TN
…for CDL or non-commercial driver's license as appropriate. Manage inventory and shrink to budget. Responsible for the overall performance of assigned area. Achieve sales
Posted 06/19/12
100 Assemblers Needed for New Production/Assembly Line
Randstad - Springfield, TN
…of the Sears Kenmore brands as well. Some of our top customers include Sears, Lowes , and Best Buy. Job information: - Starting pay is $8.57 with guaranteed raises after
Posted 06/29/12
