 
Lowes Careers
Lowes teaches their employees every aspect of the business and prepares people to be able to achieve. The highest level of concern for Lowes regarding employees is education. While not every Lowes Job must be filled by applicants with a college education, every position must go through comprehensive training that will ensure customers are able to complete their projects with adequate information. Lowes also wants their employees to feel included. This means treating people with respect. They use these methods of training and finding employees to guarantee that their customers will leave the store with a thorough knowledge of what they might be trying to complete, and a feeling of respect, so that they will return to the store for their next home improvement need.
Jobs with Lowes
Lowes looks to fill its store with diverse employees in a number of different fields. Some of the positions Lowes has available include:
Cashier
Have an understanding of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division
Must have exceptional customer relation skills
Does not need to be able to lift heavy objects, but must be in basic shape to stand on a continued basis
Have a working knowledge of a point of sale register system
Delivery Driver
A Certified Drivers License is required for employment
Ability to lift heavy weights without assistance
Understand the delivery area and have the ability to find locations quickly and easily 
Must be able to answer phones and work on a computer
Sales Specialist Plumbing
Create a positive working environment in an assigned area
Maintain area cleanliness and product
Spends most of all time working in the specified area
Must be willing to give ideas and concepts to management for future purchases
Gaining Employment with Lowes
Career fairs are an excellent source to find a job with Lowes. To promote college students finding positions, many of Lowes' job fairs are conducted on college campuses; however, all people are allowed to attend, and there will not be discrimination against non-college students. Lowes has a career fair almost every day at a different location around the United States. The Internet can also be used to gain employment by using the company website and researching the Lowes jobs available. A profile can be created for easier access to jobs and to create ease when applying for multiple positions.
Blog
