Short-Term Disability Insurance
 Life Insurance
For over 30 years, the orange apron has been a symbol of personal attention, knowledge, and value our customers depend on. There's nothing quite like using your skills and expertise to help someone bring their vision to life. Do you have what it takes to wear the orange apron?
We are currently hiring for part-time and seasonal opportunities in the following areas. Please take a look and apply online today:
Everyday, customers at The Home Depot depend on Sales Associates to provide fast, friendly service by actively seeking out customers to answer their questions and help them with their home improvement plans. They have an emphasis on department and product knowledge, providing information on product features and knowing related items to sell the entire project. If you enjoy providing superior customer service and sharing your knowledge with others in a fast paced, team driven environment, then apply online with The Home Depot today.
Lot Associates assist customers by loading their vehicles in addition to ensuring a pleasant and clean entrance to the store. They are also responsible for maintaining a sufficient quantity of carts near the entrance of the store. Grow your career with The Home Depot and apply online today.
Cashiers provide outstanding and quick checkout service to customers at our registers. If you enjoy meeting new people and working with others, then apply today .
Freight Team Associates typically work overnight, stocking merchandise onto shelves to remain in stock, organizing the sales floor to create a pleasant and safe shopping environment, and providing customer service when required by customer demand.  Join The Home Depot and apply online today.
The Home Depot to Launch Exclusive Martha Stewart Living Brand
First Category - Outdoor Living - Will be Available in All The Home Depot Stores Beginning in January 2010
ATLANTA, Sept. 14 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Home Depot((R)), the world's largest home improvement retailer, and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc. (MSLO), today announced an agreement to develop an exclusive Martha Stewart Living brand of home improvement products in select categories including Outdoor Living, Home Organization and Home Decor. The Martha Stewart Living brand at The Home Depot will provide consumers with distinctive, innovative merchandise, while staying true to Home Depot's commitment to value and everyday low price.
"Our partnership with Martha Stewart is a natural fit. For years both organizations have been the go-to destination for consumers seeking ideas and information regarding their home improvement projects," said Frank Blake, chairman & CEO, The Home Depot. "Martha and her organization offer the best, most practical design ideas for customers and together we will offer unique products at affordable prices, along with enhanced know-how to help consumers complete any project."
"We are thrilled to have the opportunity to partner with The Home Depot, the largest home improvement retailer in the world," said Martha Stewart, MSLO Founder. "Martha Stewart products have always been stylish and distinctive, with a consistently high level of quality. Partnering with The Home Depot allows us to offer a wider audience the product and 'how-to' information they need to complete all of their home improvement projects."
The Home Depot and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia partnership is one of true collaboration. Martha Stewart and her team of designers are working side by side with The Home Depot merchant and design teams to produce a brand that allows customers to easily coordinate decor and design elements when taking on home improvement projects.
MSLO Executive Chairman and Principal Executive Officer Charles Koppelman said, "This exciting new partnership allows MSLO to significantly broaden our reach and expand our business. Between our program at The Home Depot and our robust offerings at Macy's and other retailers, customers will now find Martha Stewart products wherever they shop."
Products in the Outdoor Living category will begin to launch in January 2010 in the U.S. and February 2010 in Canada. Products in the Home Organization categories will launch in February 2010. The Outdoor Living line will consist of many different styles of patio dining and conversation sets ranging in price from $399 to $1,999, while the Home Organization category will feature a new closet organization system and a versatile nine-cube organizational unit.
Both companies are in the process of developing additional product offerings that will be available in 2010, and more details will be announced in the first part of next year. All of these products will be available in The Home Depot stores across both the U.S. and Canada as well as on homedepot.com.
"The Home Depot is the destination for today's DIY consumer. With this partnership, we are able to leverage our expertise in home improvement and expand our business into new categories," said Robin Marino, MSLO's President and CEO of Merchandising.
Local incentives for Home Depot project could be finalized soon
WFIN
1330
Findlay, OH
The Commissioners have agreed to approve incentives for the company, contingent on approval by the VB school board, at their next scheduled meeting.
Incentives for the Home Depot to open a distribution center in Allen Township are expected to be approved in the next two weeks.
The company announced preliminary plans to open a facility in 2010 west of I-75 near Van Buren, creating up to 400 jobs.
Attorney Phil Rooney told the Hancock County commissioners today abatements are hinging on approval from the Van Buren School board to accept donations from the Home Depot.
Their next scheduled meeting is Thursday July 9th.
The commissioners agreed to approve incentives for the company, following that move, at their next scheduled meeting on the 14th.
The commissioners were also notified the extent of available infrastructure improvements for the facility, to be done by the state of Ohio, could be known on July 15th.
The Home Depot Presents Strategic Priorities and Outlines Long-Term Operating Targets; Updates 2009 EPS Guidance
ATLANTA, June 10 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Home Depot(R), the world's largest home improvement retailer, will today outline its key strategic priorities and discuss its long-term operating targets at its 2009 Investor and Analyst Conference. In addition, the Company has updated its 2009 EPS guidance.
Today's conference will begin at 8:30 a.m. ET and will be available in its entirety through a live webcast and replay at homedepot.com in the Investor Relations section.
Strategic Priorities
The Company will discuss its three areas of strategic focus and the specifics behind each: (1) customer service, (2) product authority and (3) productivity and efficiency driven by disciplined capital allocation.
* The Company's focus on customer service is anchored on the principles of taking care of associates, putting customers first and simplifying the business.
* The Company's focus on product authority includes an emphasis on re-establishing a merchandising driven business, providing product that meets customer project needs, and building tools for effective implementation.
* The Company's approach to driving productivity and efficiency will be achieved through disciplined capital allocation focused on the existing core retail business, transforming the supply chain and improving information technology.
Long-Term Operating Targets
The Company believes that its strategic priorities, along with a correction in the home improvement market, will allow it to achieve an operating margin of approximately 10 percent and a return on invested capital of approximately 15 percent.
Updated FY2009 EPS Guidance
Today the Company is updating its FY2009 EPS guidance and now expects earnings per share from continuing operations to be flat to down 7 percent from last year. On an adjusted basis, the Company now expects earnings per share from continuing operations to decline by 20 to 26 percent. The Company previously announced its expectation that earnings per share from continuing operations in FY2009 would be down 7 percent from last year, and down 26 percent on an adjusted basis.
The Company reaffirmed its sales, comparable store sales and gross margin guidance for the 2009 fiscal year. The Company still expects sales to decline by approximately 9 percent, comparable store sales to be high single digit negative and for gross margin expansion to be flat to slightly positive.
The Home Depot is the world's largest home improvement specialty retailer, with 2,238 retail stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces, Mexico and China. In fiscal 2008, The Home Depot had sales of $71.3 billion and earnings from continuing operations of $2.3 billion. The Company employs more than 300,000 associates. The Home Depot's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: HD) and is included in the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index.
Certain statements contained herein constitute "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, the demand for our products and services, net sales growth, comparable store sales, store openings and closures, state of the economy, state of residential construction, housing and home improvement markets, in-stock positions, commodity price inflation and deflation, implementation of store initiatives, continuation of reinvestment plans, net earnings performance, earnings per share, capital allocation and expenditures, liquidity, return on invested capital, the effect of charges, the planned recapitalization of the Company, the ability to issue debt on terms and at rates acceptable to us, merchandising, expense leverage and other operating strategies, other factors affecting earnings and sales, and fiscal 2009 financial guidance. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements as they speak only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances except as may be required by law. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties - many of which are beyond our control or are currently unknown to us - as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Additional information regarding risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those described in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended February 1, 2009 and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
The Company has supplemented its fiscal 2009 EPS guidance with a non-GAAP measurement to reflect the impact of store rationalization charges, business rationalization charges related to the exit of EXPO, THD Design Center, Yardbirds and HD Bath businesses, charges related to restructuring of support functions and an investment impairment charge related to HD Supply. The Company believes this non-GAAP measurement provides management and investors with meaningful information to understand and analyze the Company's performance. However, this supplemental information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measurement.
SOURCE The Home Depot
apply for home depot jobs
apply jobs
depot work at home jobs
for jobs at home depot
hom depot jobs
