Home Depot Jobs & Home Depot Careers-Get Your Job Application
Home Depot Jobs | Home Depot Careers
The Home Depot Jobs available for anyone with an interest in stable work are the best answer to a great job that also encourages advancement. Begin your search today for Home Depot jobs that suit you. Who knows, we might even meet and go out for coffee! Just come and look for me in the Gardening Department!
Why The Home Depot Careers
Filling out a Home Depot Job application is the first step to meeting a great group of people, and working for a great company that cares about you. You are part of a team, and will easily make friends for life just as I have done at Home Depot.
One of the best perks at Home Depot is their “Search for a Star” contest. This contest is for store managers to strut their stuff with original material in front of a large audience who votes on contestants that they want to win.
Whether full or part-time jobs, Home Depot is a great work experience. Turn your Super Home Depot Jobs into something serious for years to come.
The variety of Home Depot careers available today is endless, because Home Depot is growing and expanding all the time. You’ll meet great people and the management teams, at least in my store, are encouraging and really keep up the morale.
What I like about working at Home Depot
I’m just a guy who is lucky to work in the Home Depot garden center, but even with just a summer job, I make over $10 an hour.  When I need to work overtime, my co-workers are really helpful and are always teaching me the ropes to help me function better. They seem to respect me even though I work part time. And, while we don’t talk much about benefits but I know that they have a great savings plan and offer scholarships. For more information, check out the links below. Home Depot appreciates its workers and encourages growth in the company. There are always promotions and even training classes for Home Depot Jobs in management.
I feel secure in my job and am thankful every day for all that Home Depot offers me. It’s a great feeling to be greeted by enthusiastic managers. We don’t need to dress in any particular way, but I am proud to wear the orange Home Depot shirt that immediately identifies me as a Home Depot employee.
You should really check out the Home Depot jobs available to see where you might fit in. I know they need cashiers, so stop by one of the Home Depot store locations and pick up an application.
A little background on Home Depot’s history to know before applying for a job or advancing your new career
The Home Depot was founded in 1978 with the vision of one-stop shopping center for those who wanted to use their hands to create the perfect home. The first two Home Depot stores opened on June 22, 1979, in Atlanta, Georgia.
The founders of Home Depot take great pride in their employees, yet highest on their pyramid of business is actually the stores themselves and their customers. Management, even senior management personnel are on the bottom of the pyramid.
Home Depot tries to build strong relationships with employees, and offer shareholder options for each community where Home Depot stores and outlets are located.
Home Depot was voted the world’s largest specialty retailer in the area of home improvement, and as of the end of 2010, they ranked 29 in the famous Fortune 500 list.
Not only was Home Depot voted America’s Most Reputable Company, Forbes, 2011, but they also, just this year received recognition for several charities. They donated $30 million towards Veteran Housing programs and created the One Million Fund for storm relief and recovery efforts in the South of the country.
Home Depot Jobs Online offer positions for Home Depot Careers in Sales, Management, Clerk, Cashier, and more
There are such a variety of jobs at Home Depot for just about everyone, from cashiers (they need a lot!) to various types of management positions.
Home Depot Jobs Online: Openings, Positions, and Recruitment
The Home Depot Job application online takes around 40 minutes to complete. They give you a list of information that you will need to have on hand in order to complete their entire application questionnaire. The steps are easy to follow 1-2-3, and before you know it, you’ll be a new applicant and ready to take on the world.
Home Depot Job Benefits and Compensation
Home Depot Job benefits are really cool and offer more than just a perk here and there. For more information, search for ‘Corporate Home Depot’.
Not only do Home Depot Jobs offer great benefits, you can go to the Home Depot Jobs Apply Online page for further information and links to benefits in your specific region. Check out what’s in store for you! livetheorangelife.com/landing.shtml
Home Depot Jobs salaries
I know that Home Depot Jobs salaries range from $8-$18 an hour. Sometimes management hours are longer, but you don’t work for nothing, as they do pay for overtime!
Home Depot Job Application Form Online
The Home Depot application page is here. careers.homedepot.com.edgesuite.net. Just follow links for Home Depot’s amazing Facebook Careers page facebook.com/homedepotcareers to view all of the exciting ways to become a Home Depot employee.
To begin the application you can “Find your fit” by clicking on this link. This page gives you the opportunity to match your interests and qualifications for Home Depot Job opportunities. careers.homedepot.com.edgesuite.net/find-your-fit/find-your-fit.html
Check out Home Depot Jobs today and join me in a great career!
© 2012 Home Depot Jobs
Home Depot is trademark of Home Depot. homedepotjobs-application.com is NOT affiliated or endorsed by Home Depot. No internal confidential information or trade secrets will be shared. Copyright © 2011 All official and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All other rights reserved. © 2011 Home Depot.
