Salton Sea Geothermal Field
Salton Buttes, California
From: Wood and Kienle, 1990,  Volcanoes of North America: United States and Canada: Cambridge University Press, 354p., p.245, Contribution by: L. J. Patrick Muffler
The Salton Buttes lie within the Salton Sea geothermal field,  where temperatures at 1.5 to 2.5 kilometers            reach 360 degrees C, and sediments of the  Colorado River delta are begin metamorphosed to greenschist            facies.
From: Robinson, Elders, and Muffler, 1976, Quaternary volcanism in the Salton Sea geothermal field, Imperial Valley, California:  GSA Bulletin 87, p.347-360, March 1976
The Salton Sea geothermal field lies in the Salton Trough,  the landward extension of the Gulf of            California, an area of active crustal spreading.  The Salton Buttes volcanoes lie within the Salton Sea geothermal            field where temperatures measured in wells drilled for geothermal brines range up to 360 degrees C at depths            of 1,500 to 2,500 meters (Helgeson, 1968).  The wells produce a hot brine containing up to 160,000 ppm of            dissolved solids, chiefly Cl, Na, K, Ca, and Fe (White, 1968).  Under the influence of this hot saline brine, the            sediments of the Salton Trough are being transformed into  metamorphic rocks of the greenschist facies            (Muffler and White, 1969).
Steamboat Springs, Nevada
From: Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology Website, University of Nevada, Reno, 2001
The extensive Steamboat Springs geothermal area, containing numerous hot springs and steam vents, is located just west of U.S. 395 and south of the Mount Rose Highway. Steamboat Springs, so named for the huffing and puffing sight and sound of the escaping steam, is just south of the emigrant trail that crossed the Truckee Meadows on its way to California and by the 1850s the springs had become a favorite camping ground for westward bound travelers. By 1862 Steamboat Springs had a commercial bathhouse, cottages, and a hospital. With the development of the Comstock Mines, Steamboat became a junction point on the road between Reno and Virginia City and, later, became a station on the Virginia &Truckee Railroad. In the 1870s, Steamboat was a fashionable spa, with a fine hotel, drugstore, cottages, and medicinal baths but, by 1900, the resort had almost completely deteriorated. Drilling and geothermal exploration in the area over the past 30 or so years has caused the huffing and puffing (active geysering) to cease, but steam still vents at times. A small resort still operates on the east side of U.S. 395, and the Steamboat Post Office, established in 1880, is still operating.
The springs at Steamboat are near boiling, and exploration and production steam wells at the three geothermal generating plants have encountered temperatures as high as 190 degrees C. The thermal waters contain trace amounts of metals, including mercury, antimony, arsenic, silver, and gold. Small amounts of stibnite, gold, silver, and cinnabar have been deposited in both hot-spring sinter and in the altered wall rock adjacent to the hot-spring vents.
At the present time, there are three geothermal power-generating plants in operation in the Steamboat area. One plant, consisting of two 12-MW, air-cooled, binary units, is located on the low terrace near the intersection of U.S. 395 and State Route 431. The plant was brought on line in December 1992. An older 7-MW plant is located about 1/3 mile to the west, slightly higher on the terrace. These plants are operated by S.B. Geo, Inc. The geothermal fluid cycle at these plants is completely contained and the fluids are injected back into the ground (closed binary-cycle system). The existing resource is expected to last 30 years or more and can support an additional 36 MW of production capacity. Higher on the side of the Steamboat Hills (near the steam plume) Yankee Caithness operates a 14.4-MW flash turbine system. The Yankee Caithness Steamboat plant came on line in 1988, and the produced power is purchased by Sierra Pacific Power Co. on a 30-year contract.
Nevada is second only to California in installed geothermal capacity. In 1999, Nevada produced approximately 1.6 million MWh of geothermal power, with a sales value of about $90 million. The lower generating complex a Steamboat Springs is the second largest in Nevada. In 1999, the Steamboat geothermal plants generated about 475,000 MWhr, or about 30 percent of the total Nevada geothermal power output.
Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming
From: Tilling, 1985,  Volcanoes: USGS General Interest Publication
Geysers, fumaroles (also called solfataras), and hot springs are generally found in regions of young volcanic activity.  Surface water percolates downward through the rocks below the Earth's surface to high-temperature regions surrounding a magma reservoir, either active or recently solidified but still hot.  There the water is heated, becomes less dense, and rises back to the surface along fissures and cracks.  Sometimes these features are called "dying volcanoes" because they seem to represent the last stage of volcanic activity as the magma, in depth, cools and hardens.
Erupting geysers provide spectacular displays of underground energy suddenly unleashed, but their mechanisms are not completely understood.  Large amounts of hot water are presumed to fill underground cavities.  The water, upon further heating, is violently ejected when a portion of its suddenly flashes into steam.  This cycle can be repeated with remarkable regularity, as for example, Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park ,   which has erupted on an average of about once every 65 minutes.
Fumaroles, which emit mixtures of steam and other gases ,   are fed by conduits that pass through the water table before reaching the surface of the ground.  Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), one of the typical gases issuing from fumaroles, readily oxidizes to sulphuric acid and native sulfur.  This accounts for the intense chemical activity and brightly colored rocks in many  thermal areas.
Hot springs occur in many thermal areas where the surface of the Earth intersects the water table.  The temperature and rate of discharge of hot springs depend on factors such as the rate at which water circulates through the system of underground channelways, the amount of heat supplied at depth, and the extent of dilution of the heated water by cool ground water near the surface.
From: Wood and Kienle, 1990, Volcanoes of North America: United States and Canada: Cambridge University Press, 354p., p.263-267, Contribution by R. L. Christiansen
The Yellowstone caldera region hosts the world's largest  know hydrothermal system, highlighted by numerous geysers. This hydrothermal      system accounts for an average heat flow from the caldera  area 40 times greater than the global average. Although the latest eruptions were      approximately 70,000 years ago, the immense hydrothermal  system and a variety of geophysical characteristics indicate that magma still      underlies the Yellowstone caldera at a shallow depth.  A large negative gravity anomaly, low magnetic intensity, high electrical conductivity,      shallow swarm seismicity, and large delays and high  attenuation of seismic waves are all consistent with this inference.
