Log in Now to Manage Your Mr. Central Account
Become a Fan of Mr.Central:
Geothermal Energy
World's Greenest Heating/Cooling System
Looking for an efficient, cost effective, and environmentally friendly heating/cooling system? A geothermal heat pump is the greenest way to go. Learn the facts about geothermal energy.
An EPA study of energy efficiency concluded geothermal energy is the most environmentally friendly heating/cooling system.
The United States National Renewable Energy Laboratory concluded that geothermal energy is more efficient and cost-effective compared with conventional residential systems.
Available everywhere in the United States ,   geothermal energy can be found underground virtually anywhere.
Geothermal cost savings can be increased by geothermal energy incentives ,   available from federal, state, local, and utility sources.
Energy and cost savings of geothermal heat pumps will vary by region and type of conventional system they're compared with. But the energy cost of geothermal versus conventional HVAC systems will always be lower — and the geothermal system will always be greener.
Geothermal Versus Conventional Cost Comparison
How much can you save in energy costs with a geothermal system? Calculate your home's potential geothermal system cost savings .
Who Says Geothermal Energy is the Best Choice
Geothermal energy is recognized as the most efficient and greenest heating/cooling method by opinion leaders in government and private sectors.
Government Agencies
See what the U.S. Department of Energy and EnergyStar are saying   about geothermal systems.
EnergyStar has compiled a listing of approved geothermal products (PDF) including a wide range of WaterFurnace products that carry the EnergyStar emblem of approval. 
The Department of Energy Consumer's Energy Guide has data on geothermal   system return on investment .
The EPA's State and Local Climate Change program (PDF) is focused on helping consumers take advantage of the high energy efficiency and low environmental impact of geothermal systems.
Consumer, industry, and scientific organizations
The California-based Consumer Energy Center praises versatile geothermal energy .
The Geothermal Energy Association discusses the benefits of renewable geothermal energy .
Find out what the Union of Concerned Scientists has to say. Even major energy producers (power plants) recognize geothermal energy advantages (2.73 MB PDF) as a renewable source of power.
What Do Owners of Geothermal Systems Think?
Up to 95% of geothermal system owners would recommend installing such a system in the home. That's reflected in a number of online users' and owners' forums, including GeoExchange where you can experience the viewpoints of geothermal system owners.
Geothermal Installation Video -    Wondering how the process works? Here's one homeowner's account of a geothermal system installation .
Create a Greener, More Energy-Efficient Home
Governmental agencies like the EPA and Department of Energy, consumer and industry groups, and geothermal system owners all agree: geothermal heating and cooling is considered the world's greenest and most energy-efficient.
For more information on geothermal systems and creating a greener, more energy-efficient home contact Mr. Central Heating and Air today.
Mr. Central is an authorized WaterFurnace dealer.
Copyright © 2009 CSRA Air Inc., All Rights Reserved · Call Toll Free: 1-866-349-3374
