Geothermal energy reduces our emissions
Geothermal reduces cost for heating/cooling
Emissions that cause Climate Change
Emissions that endanger our health
Earth has a lot of energy stored that can be extracted. This geothermal energy is there from the beginning, the formation of our blue planet, from radioactive decay of minerals, and from solar energy absorbed at the surface. It has been used for space heating and bathing since ancient Roman times.
What is a Geothermal Heat Pump?
Smart humans use Geothermal generators for over 100 years! Geothermal heat pump technology collects the natural energy of the Earth to provide heating in the winter and cooling in the summer. At the depth of 6 feet the Earth’s temperature remains relatively constant all year long, which is the perfect vehicle to keep buildings at a more consistent, moderate temperature.
A geothermal energy system circulates water or another fluid into the ground through a series of non corrosive pipes, where it is warmed or cooled by the ambient temperature of the ground. The fluid is then brought back to the heat pump which then provides heating or cooling for your home or business as needed — efficiently and without any negative impact on the environment.
You can save money using Geothermal power, it is reliable, and environmentally friendly. Direct applications such as heating of buildings, homes have been used for decades.  Emissions from Geothermal are much lower than those of conventional fossil fuels.
Geothermal power has the potential to reduce the effect of global warming if widely deployed instead of fossil fuels.
In 1904 the first geothermal generator was running in Italy. The largest group of geothermal power plants on Earth is located at 'The Geysers', a geothermal field in California, United States. Several countries as El Salvador, Kenya, the Philippines, Iceland, and Costa Rica) generate more than 15% of their electricity from geothermal sources.
Because we get the warmth of the Earth for free, the use of geothermal heat for space heating is far more efficient, saves a lot of money and is environmentally friendly. A few degrees difference are enough for a heat pump to heat your house, your office. Sources are waste heat supplied by co-generation from a geothermal electrical plant or from smaller wells or heat exchangers buried in the shallow ground. Water from hot springs can be piped directly into radiators. If the shallow ground is hot but dry, earth tubes or downhole heat exchangers may be used without a heat pump.
But even in areas where the shallow ground is too cold to provide comfort directly, it is still warmer than the winter air.
Seasonal variations in ground temperature diminish and disappear completely below 10m of depth.
That heat can be extracted with a geothermal heat pump more efficiently than it can be generated by conventional furnaces. Geothermal heat pumps can be used essentially anywhere.
The graphic shows how
a geothermal heat pump is
using different temperatures
to heat or cool your home.
There are a wide variety of
applications for smart geothermal heat.
Ask us for more information!
At our Nature Preserve in the Texas Hill County
we use the power of the sun:
