Post a comment
Geothermal energy is energy generated by heat that comes from beneath the earth's surface. More specifically, geothermal energy comes from magma,i.e a layer of high temperature, molten rock, located few kilometers beneath the surface. Temperatures of most magmas range from 700°C to 1300°C. The high temperature of magma isy due to the decay of naturally radioactive materials such as uranium and potassium. Geothermal energy is one of the cleanest and most efficient energy sources.
Geothermal energy is regarded as an important renewable energy. According to Union of Concerned Scientists , the amount of heat within 10,000 meters (about 33,000 feet) of Earth's surface contains 50,000 times more energy than all the oil and natural gas resources in the world. Geothermal energy is not renewable in the strictest sense since the earth might cool down to the extraction of heat, but the time scale of such event is millions of years.
The best locations for construction of geothermal power plants are in the regions with active or geologically young volcanoes, where the crust is thin enough. This includes a number of hotspots along the Pacific Rim in Alaska, California, Orgeon and Nevada. Hotspots are caused by a stream of hot mantle flowing from the Earth's core-mantle boundary.
The easiest way to produce electricity from geothermal energy is to inject water into underground, which is then heated up and rise to the surface. This already occurs naturally in many locations, although holes are often drilled to optimize power generation. The steam generated from boiling water is then used to drive electric generators. Following condensation in the generator, steam is converted into warm water, which can be then brought back to the underground. This design of geothermal plants is often referred to as the dry-steam design. Other designs of geothermal plants use slightly different methods. In the flash-steam design, hot water is depressurized or flashed into steam. In the binary design, hot water is used to heat a second liquid, e.g. isobutene, which drives the electric generators, instead.
In several locations in Nevada, Orgeon and Idaho, geothermal energy is used directly for heating purposes. These include domestic heating, greenhouse heating, fish dry-out, heating of fish farms and last but not least, spa.
Geothermal energy, one of the cleanest and most efficient renewable energy sources, is going to play an important role in the future. Please read the next article in this series to know more about current developments of geothermal energy in the U.S. and world-wide.
