Geothermal Geoexchange System Designer, Installer, Contractor
 
Geothermal Heating, Cooling & Domestic Hot Water System, designer, installer, contractor use Geoexchange energy wells drilled in the Earth to provide the most Comfortable, Healthy, Energy Efficient, Environmentally Friendly Homes & Buildings in NJ !! Ask about our solar powered Energy Star LEED zero or near zero modular "GREEN" homes !!
Free Geothermal Heating and Cooling Energy is right under your feet.
Use  this Free Solar Powered Geothermal energy to Heat and Cool your home.
The  Earth is a giant solar collector that absorbs Solar Energy from the sun and store it as Geothermal Energy.  At depths of 30+ feet here in NJ, New Jersey  this Geothermal heat energy is a constant 50+ degrees. You can use this  Geothermal energy by drilling  Geoexchange energy wells and installing a Geothermal heat pump to use  this free solar powered Geothermal heating cooling energy.  Open Loop Geothermal Heating, Cooling, Hot  Water Systems use drilled supply and return ground water Geoexchange energy wells. Closed  Loop Geothermal systems use drilled Geoexchange energy wells with fluid filled U bend underground piping to transfer this free Solar Powered  Geothermal Energy. Standing Column drilled energy wells are a hybrid of open and  closed loop using a single well in rock formations.  Click here for TV newscast  video describing Geo-Systems design and installation in New Jersey
Geo-Systems are the only Solar Energy Systems that work when the sun isn't shining, they transfer solar energy from the  earth to your home 24/7 using drilled Geoexchange energy wells & Geothermal heat pumps. They are the ultimate energy management tool, part Heating, part Cooling and part PIGGYBANK !! Geothermal heating cooling systems unparalleled 500 % energy  efficiency will bring your utility payments  "Down to Earth".  Average yearly cost for heating, cooling & domestic hot water in a 3000 square foot  Energy Star home here in NJ: Geo-Systems  $1,040.00, Natural Gas $4,300.00,  Oil $5,100.00, Propane $5,700.00. For  info or estimate,  Email   GeoSystems@aol.com   Investigate Geo-Systems now while Energy Efficient Mortgages, GeoSmart financing, leasing and 30% federal income  tax credits are still available with us. Click here to see PBS "Go  Greener" TV video clip on Geo-Systems, Solar and Financing
Many of the benefits provided  for you are also advantageous for our planet. No chimney, flame, smoke,  hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide  or potentially dangerous explosive fossil fuels. Airborne pollutants have been linked to higher  mortality and lung dysfunction in children and other susceptible people. The US Department of Energy endorses the use of Geo-Systems for a cleaner, healthier environment to reduce urban smog & acid rain, plus reduce your carbon  footprint and save electricity. Even the smallest  installed system is equal to planting an Acre of Trees or removing 2 cars from the road. It's a fact 100,000  installations will save 37,500,000,000 BTU's of energy and $750,000,000 in  heating, cooling and hot water costs plus reduce pollutants by 2,160,000 tons  over the 30 year equipment lifespan which is twice the standard lifespan.  Click here for typical  Geo-System installation in NJ
Standard and optional solar energy powered hot water systems provide your, pool,  hot tub or spa with hot water all year long, rain or shine. Geo-Systems use the Most  Advanced Technology, Modern Innovative Engineering, State of the Art Design,  Robust High Quality Construction and Unsurpassed Reliability. Nationwide research proves the most energy efficient homes in America have Geo-Systems. Our Energy Star Modular Homes feature WaterFurnace and Superior Walls  Precast Insulated Concrete Foundations . Options include Radiant Floor Warming   "Thermos Bottle" insulation  package with
Closed Cell  Spray Foam and Lo-E House Wrap   plus Solar and Wind options for zero or near zero utility bills. Nascar driver Jeff Gordon has a Geo-System.
You will enjoy four seasons of comfortable, temperate,  healthy, filtered clean air 24/7, no more blasts of hot or cold air. Built in humidity control make your basement recreation room luxuriously  livable. Energy Recovery Fresh Air Ventilators ,  "UV" Germicidal  Air Purification ,  and our optional Energy Star thermos bottle insulation  package further enhance your level of comfort and safety  including reduced allergens, dust, mold, mildew, germs, volatile organic chemicals & carcinogens.
Webster's defines Able as "Having  sufficient power, means, qualifications, skill, intelligence, knowledge,  competence or resources to accomplish an objective" and  Environmental as "The circumstances, objects or conditions by which one is  surrounded".  We were the first and only Lifetime  Certified Geoexchange Designer Installers in the state of NJ. The established leader, uniquely qualified in the  utilization of these solar energy powered Geothermal Geoexchange Heating, Cooling, Hot Water Systems.  Experienced  specialists in  the technological aspects of  planning, design, selection, application,  installation, service, repair and maintenance of any and all equipment currently  available for residential, commercial, industrial or institutional buildings.
Help Control Climate Change with Solar energy powered Earth Friendly Geothermal Heating, Cooling, Hot Water Systems "Geo-Systems".  The safe  alternative, renewable energy resource to decrease our dependence on  foreign fossil fuel and their destructive "Greenhouse gas emissions" which cause  damage to water and air, impair public health, accelerate the decay of  buildings, monuments, endanger natural forests, glaciers and animal species. Acid rain has already completely eradicated some fish & game species in many areas containing sensitive forests, streams,  lakes & ponds.
The Earth will help pay your Heating & Cooling bills,"Be  Nice To It" !!
 
