Disadvantages       of Geothermal Energy 
Geothermal Heating
The use of geothermal energy in heating and cooling homes and buildings has gained popularity in recent years. Its many great benefits have contributed to this growing popularity and because of this many homeowners and builders have opted to utilize the geothermal heat pumps (GHP) in their homes and buildings.  
One of the main reasons why geothermal energy is ideal for use in homes is the fact that it comes from a natural source. This form of energy is generated deep down in the earth’s core where temperatures remain stable all year round and because it comes from nature, it is a clean, efficient and renewable source of energy. Its efficiency in turn  brings more benefits such as lowering electricity consumption in the home by up to 44 percent. 
Additionally, when geothermal heating systems are used, they provide a more comfortable heat to families and building occupants in the sense that less carbon emissions are produced. This is because it does not use a furnace which burns fuel and this makes it a healthy alternative compared to the other conventional systems. Another positive for this type is it promotes a quiet environment with the absence of fans. 
However, before considering using geothermal heat pumps, it is important to review its disadvantages as well including the process of installation which can be difficult to do. You may be too overwhelmed by its advantages that you ignore the possible negatives so it’s always best to weigh both the pros and cons . 
This type of system is not a do-it-yourself project because of the technical knowledge and machinery needed. The difficult part in this heating system is in the installation. The design alone may already be complicated to do and the pipe connection process requires proper training and the right tools. 
The initial part of the installation is the excavation which can be costly not to mention can also cause damage to your yard. A network of pipes or what is known as loop needs to be installed underground the reason for the excavation. Inside the house, ductwork is needed to distributed heated or cooled air to the different rooms. 
Of course, a good GHP design is vital and should be done by a hvac       professional . The design will take into account the amount and layout of your lot, the landscaping and location of underground utilities or sprinkler systems, if any. The amount and composition and properties of the soil and rock in your area should also be considered in designing a ground loop as they can affect the rate of heat transfer. Soil that can transfer heat faster requires less piping to collect a certain amount of heat. 
Apart from soil, the availability of ground or surface water plays an important part in determining the type of ground loop system to use. Both ground and surface water can be used as a source of water for the open-loop systems although ground water has to be of good quality and should meet discharge regulations before it can be used. 
If you have decided to use the geothermal heating       system , you should find a qualified installer to do the work for you. You may contact your local utility firm, the International Ground Source Heat Pump Association or the Geothermal Heat Pump Consortium for information on professional installers in your location. 
Heating Systems
Solar             Heat
Solar heating means utilizing the sun’s thermal energy to provide space heating and hot water to homes and buildings. With a natural source of energy, this type of heating system has major benefits to homes
 
Radiant Heat
This heating system works by providing heat directly to the floor or panels in the wall or ceiling. Radiant heating from the floor is known as radiant floor heating or simply floor heating and has actually three types 
 
Hydronic Heat
Hydronic heating refers to the use of water as the medium in transferring heat in heating and cooling systems. It is sometimes called in-floor or in-slab heating. This type is one of the oldest and most commonly used heating systems 
 
Geothermal Heat
Geothermal heating systems are also known as ground-source heat pumps that draw a steady supply of heat energy from the soil and move it through a home or building.
Geothermal Heat Information
 
