Go     back
Geothermal energy
We live between two     great sources of energy, the hot rocks beneath the surface of the earth and the sun in the     sky. Our ancestors knew the value of geothermal energy; they bathed and cooked in hot     springs. Today we have recognized that this resource has potential for much broader     application.
The core of the earth is very     hot and it is possible to make use of this geothermal energy (in Greek it means heat from     the earth). These are areas where there are volcanoes, hot springs, and geysers, and     methane under the water in the oceans and seas. In some countries, such as in the USA     water is pumped from underground hot water deposits and used to heat people’s houses.
Geothermal manifestations are wide spread in India in the form of         340 hot spring sites.
The utilization of     geothermal energy for the production of electricity dates back to the early part of the     twentieth century. For 50 years the generation of electricity from geothermal energy was     confined to Italy and interest in this technology was slow to spread elsewhere. In 1943     the use of geothermal hot water was pioneered in Iceland.
 
Form of Energy: Thermal energy
This energy is being used for: Heating/Power Generation
Some of the gadgets and other devices: Heat exchanger, Steam turbines
In India, Northwestern     Himalayas and the western coast are considered geothermal areas. The Geological Survey of     India has already identified more than 350 hot spring sites, which can be explored as     areas to tap geothermal energy. Satellites like the IRS-1 have played an important role,     through infrared photographs of the ground, in locating geothermal areas. The Puga valley     in the Ladakh region has the most promising geothermal field. An experimental 1-kW     generator is already in operation in this area. It is being used mainly for poultry     farming, mushroom cultivation, and pashmina-wool processing, all of which need higher     temperature.
 
