Table of World wide geothermal capacity by country.
(Courtesy of International Geothermal Association)
Geothermal resources are also used extensively in non-electrical, direct      heat applications, such as space heating and in a range of agricultural and      industrial processes. Nearly 10,000MW of thermal energy is sourced worldwide      from geothermal energy in a number of countries, including Japan, China, and      Iceland .Geothermal resources are not strictly renewable in the sense that      geothermal activity occurs on a much larger time scale than human lifetimes.      However, they are renewable if the rate of extraction of the energy is less      than the rate of replenishment of the resource. The natural recharge rates      of geothermal reserves varies from a few to over 1,000MW of thermal energy.      However, in current practice, all installations are exceeding the recharge      rates of the resources. The geothermal resources are therefore being used in      a non-sustainable manner, and are effectively being ‘mined’ as fossil fuels      are.
Geothermal resources
There are four types of geothermal resources: hydrothermal, geo-pressured,      hot dry rock and magma. Of the four types, only hydrothermal resources are      currently commercially exploited.
Hydrothermal
Hydrothermal, or hot water, resources arise, when hot water and/or steam is      formed in fractured or porous rock at shallow to moderate depths (100m to      4.5km) as a result of either the intrusion in the earth’s crust of molten      magma from the earth’s interior, or the deep circulation of water through a      fault or fracture. High temperature hydrothermal resources, with      temperatures from 180 ° C to over 350 ° C, are usually heated by hot molten      rock. While low temperature resources, with temperatures from 100 ° C to 180      ° C, can be produced by either process1].
Hydrothermal resources come in the form of either steam or hot water      depending on the temperatures and pressures involved. High grade resources      are usually used for electricity generation, while low grade resources are      used in direct heating applications. Hydrothermal resources require three      basic components a heat source (eg crystallised magma), an aquifer      containing accessible water, and an impermeable cap rock to seal the      aquifer. The geothermal energy is usually tapped by drilling into the      aquifer, and extracting the hot water or steam.
Geo-pressured
Geo-pressured geothermal resources consist of hot brine saturated with      methane, found in large, deep aquifers under high pressure. The water and      methane is trapped in sedimentary formations at a depth of about 3km-6km.      The temperature of the water is in the range of 90 ° C- 200 ° C. Three forms      of energy can be obtained from geo-pressured resources: thermal energy,      hydraulic energy from the high pressure and chemical energy from burning the      dissolved methane gas. The major region of geo-pressured reservoirs      discovered to date is in the northern Gulf of Mexico.
Hot dry rock
Hot dry rock (HDR) is a heated geological formation formed in the same way      as hydrothermal resources, but containing no water as the aquifers or      fractures required to conduct water to the surface are not present. This      resource is virtually limitless and is more accessible than hydrothermal      resources. The geological profile of Australia is such that there is a large      potential for hot dry rock technologies to be used for energy production in      the eastern states of Australia. Figure six is a false colour map of      Australia showing the relative potential of HDR technologies. Red indicates      greatest potential, blue the least.
Magma
Magma, the largest geothermal resource, is molten rock found at depths of      3km-10km and deeper, and therefore not easily accessible. It has a      temperature which ranges from 700 - 1,200 ° C. The resource has not been      well explored to date.
Utilisation of geothermal energy
Geothermal energy can be utilised in two ways: direct heat or electricity      generation.
Direct use
Hydrothermal resources of low to moderate temperature (20° -150 ° C) are      utilised to provide direct heating for a range of applications in the      residential, commercial and industrial sectors. These applications include      space heating, water heating, greenhouse heating, heating for aquaculture,      food dehydration, laundries, and textile processes. Such applications are      common in Iceland, the United States, Japan and France, as well as in many      other countries. In Iceland, most of the residential houses are heated by      geothermal district heating systems.
Direct-use geothermal systems usually consist of a production facility (eg a      well) to convey the heated water to the surface, a mechanical system (eg      piping, heat exchanger, pump, controls) to convey the heat energy to where      it is required, and a disposal system (eg injection well or storage pond) to      receive the cooled fluid. Heat exchangers are generally required due the      salt and solids content of the geothermal fluid. Heat pumps are often used to      deliver the heat energy. Geothermal heat pumps are devices which operate on      the same principal as the refrigerator, but can move heat in either      direction. The devices can therefore take advantage of the relatively      constant temperature of the earth's interior, using it as a source and sink      of heat for both heating and cooling. In summer, heat is extracted from the      building being cooled and dissipated into the earth. In winter, heat is      removed from the earth and pumped into the building. Such systems are used      widely in Switzerland and the Scandinavian countries. Through the use of      geothermal heat pumps, marginal geothermal resources with temperatures as      low as 20 ° C can be utilised. The direct use of geothermal resources is a      proven, mature technology and is commercially viable for many applications.      The utilisation of the resource can result in a net saving in energy costs      for consumers in homes and commercial operations.
Electricity generation
High temperature geothermal resources can be used for electricity      production. There is currently over 8GW of installed geothermal electricity      generation capacity worldwide. There are a number of energy conversion      technologies, which use the geothermal resource. These include dry steam,      flash steam and binary cycle systems.
Geothermal electricity can be used for base load power, as well as for peak      load demand as required. In many parts of world, geothermal electricity is      competitive with conventional energy sources.
Dry steam power plant
The dry steam power plant is suitable where the geothermal steam is not      mixed with water. Production wells are drilled down to the aquifer and the      superheated, pressurised steam (180 ° - 350 ° C) is brought to the surface      at high speeds, and passed through a steam turbine to generate electricity.      In simple power plants, the low pressure steam output from the turbine is      vented to the atmosphere, but more commonly, the steam is passed through a      condenser to convert it to water . This improves the efficiency of the      turbine and avoids the environmental problems associated with the direct      release of steam into the atmosphere. The waste water is then reinjected      into the field via re-injection wells. The waste heat is vented through      cooling towers in common with conventional fossil fuel plants. In common      also with conventional power stations, the energy conversion efficiencies      are low, around 30%. The efficiency and economics of dry steam plants are      affected by the presence of non-condensable gases such as carbon dioxide and      hydrogen sulphide. The pressure of these gases reduces the efficiency of the      turbines, and in addition, the removal of the gases on environmental grounds      adds to the cost of operation.
Dry steam power plants are the simplest and most economical technology, and      therefore are widespread. The technology is well developed and commercially      available, with units typically in the 35MW-120MW range. The United States      and Italy have the largest dry steam geothermal resources, but these      resources are also found in Indonesia, Japan and Mexico. The Geysers field      in California is a dry steam field. It is the largest geothermal power      source in the world, with an installed capacity of about 1,100MW.
Flash steam power plant
Single flash steam technology is used where the hydrothermal resource is in      a liquid form. The fluid is sprayed into a flash tank, which is held at a      much lower pressure than the fluid, causing it to vaporise (or flash)      rapidly to steam. The steam is then passed through a turbine coupled to a      generator as for dry steam plants. To prevent the geothermal fluid flashing      inside the well, the well is kept under high pressure.
The majority of the geothermal fluid does not flash, and this fluid is      reinjected into the reservoir or used in a local direct heat application.      Alternatively, if the fluid remaining in the tank has a sufficiently high      temperature, it can be passed into a second tank, where a pressure drop      induces further flashing to steam. This steam, together with the exhaust      from the principal turbine, is used to drive a second turbine or the second      stage of the principal turbine to generate additional electricity.      Typically, a 20 - 25% increase in power output is achieved, with a 5%      increase in plant costs. Flash steam plant generators range in size from      10MW to 55MW, but a standard size of 20MW is used in some countries,      including the Philippines and Mexico.
Binary Cycle Power Plant
Binary cycle power plants are used where the geothermal resource is      insufficiently hot to efficiently produce steam, or where the resource      contains too many chemical impurities to allow flashing. In addition, the      fluid remaining in the tank of flash steam plants can be utilised in binary      cycle plants (eg Kawerau, New Zealand).
In the binary cycle process, the geothermal fluid is passed through a heat      exchanger. The secondary fluid, which has a lower boiling point than water      (eg isobutane or pentane), is vaporised, and expanded through a turbine to      generate electricity. The working fluid is condensed and recycled for      another cycle. All of the geothermal fluid is reinjected into the ground in      a closed-cycle system.
Binary cycle power plants can achieve higher efficiencies than flash steam      plants, and they allow the utilisation of lower temperature resources. In      addition, corrosion problems are avoided. However, binary cycle plants are      more expensive, and large pumps are required which consume a significant      percentage of the power output of the plants. The unit sizes are typically      in the range of 1MW to 3MW, and these are used in a modular arrangement.
Hot Dry Rock Technology
The concept for utilising the geothermal energy in hot dry rocks is to      create an artificial geothermal reservoir by drilling deep twin wells into      the rock, and then forming a large heat exchange system by hydraulic or      explosive fracturing. Water is circulated down the injection well through      the created reservoir (which heats the water), and up the production well.      While there is much potential in this technology, it has not yet been      commercially demonstrated.
Benefits of geothermal energy
Geothermal energy is an abundant, secure, and, if properly utilised, a      renewable source of energy.
Geothermal technologies, using modern emission controls, have minimal      environmental impact. Modern geothermal plants emit less than 0.2% of the      carbon dioxide of the cleanest fossil fuel plant, less than 1% of the      sulphur dioxide and less than 0.1% of the particulates (Brown 1996).      Geothermal plants are therefore a viable alternative to conventional fossil      fuel plants, particularly with respect to greenhouse gas emissions.      Geothermal energy is not associated with environmental impacts such as acid      rain, mine spoils, open pits, oil spills, radioactive waste disposal or the      damming of rivers.
Geothermal power stations are very reliable compared to conventional power      plants. They have a high availability and capacity factor. Geothermal power      plants are designed to run 24 hours a day, and operation is independent of      the weather or fuel delivery.
Geothermal power generation technologies are modular in design and highly      flexible. The output of a geothermal plant can be expanded as required,      avoiding the need for a high initial capital outlay. The plants have short      lead times of 1 to 2 years.
Geothermal resources represent an indigenous supply of energy, providing      energy supply security, reducing the need for fuel imports, and improving      the balance of payments. These issues are particularly important in      developing countries, where geothermal resources can reduce the economic      pressures of importing fuels, and can provide local technical infrastructure      and employment.
Geothermal energy has an inherent energy storage capability.
Geothermal power stations have a very low land area requirement.
Constraints to Geothermal Energy Use
Geothermal energy produces non-condensable gaseous pollutants, mainly      carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulphide, sulphur dioxide, and methane. The      condensed geothermal fluid also contains dissolved silica, heavy metals,      sodium and potassium chlorides and sometimes carbonates. However, modern      emission controls and re-injection techniques have reduced these impacts to a      minimum. Geothermal energy has a net positive impact on the environment      because its pollution effects are significantly lower than those of      conventional energy sources.
There is the potential for geothermal production to cause ground      subsidence. This is rare in dry steam resources, but possible in      liquid-dominated fields (eg Wairakai, New Zealand). However, re-injection      techniques can effectively remove this risk.
Geothermal energy production has been associated with induced seismic      activity. However, this is a debatable issue as most geothermal fields are      located in regions that are already prone to earthquakes. In production      plants where re-injection maintains reservoir pressures, seismic activity is      not found to be much increased.
Geothermal energy is not strictly renewable, and on a site-by-site basis      is not currently being utilised in a sustainable manner.
Geothermal plants produce noise pollution during construction (eg drilling      of wells, and the escape of high pressure steam during testing). Once plants      are operational, noise pollution is not significant.
Geothermal energy use is constrained by energy policies, taxes and      subsidies which encourage the use of fossil fuel sources. Energy prices      often do not reflect the environmental benefits of geothermal energy and      other renewable energy resources.
The Future for Geothermal Energy
In the short to medium term, it is likely that hydrothermal resources will      remain the only geothermal resource that is commercially viable . This      resource alone represents an immense source of energy. It is estimated that      80GW of geothermal electricity could be generated in the short to medium      term from known hydrothermal resources worldwide.
In the longer term, technological developments will see the utilisation of      the geothermal energy in hot dry rocks and geo-pressured reservoirs. Usable      geothermal resources will no longer be limited to the shallow hydrothermal      reservoirs. These resources represent a virtually limitless source of      energy, and are the future of sustainable geothermal energy.
 
