Benefits of geothermal energy
When properly developed and managed, geothermal electricity is a clean, abundant, and reliable source of renewable energy.
Geothermal energy typically has much lower greenhouse gas emissions when compared to fossil fuel alternatives.
Geothermal energy is a consistent and reliable resource, especially in times of drought, because it is not dependent on or affected by weather conditions.
Uses for geothermal energy
High temperature geothermal resources have been developed for electricity generation for quite some time. The Wairakei Power Station, on the Wairakei-Tauhara geothermal system north of Taupō, was built in 1958.
As at February 2012, New Zealand has about 775 MWe of geothermal electricity generating capacity installed, and about 350 MW of direct geothermal energy use.
Geothermal energy is ideally suited to direct heating. Lower temperature geothermal energy (commonly defined as less than 150°C) has been used directly in New Zealand for hundreds of years for cooking, washing, bathing, and heating. Low temperature geothermal systems are widely used for heating greenhouses, drying timber and crops, public bathing complexes, and other industrial and agricultural processes.
The solar radiation stored in the surface of the Earth is thermal energy that can be used anywhere in New Zealand for heating and cooling using geothermal heat pumps. Geothermal heat pumps are a very efficient way to heat and cool buildings, including homes, businesses, schools, and other public and private facilities.
New technologies are also being developed to utilise lower temperature geothermal resources for electricity generation.
Potential for geothermal energy expansion
There is significant potential for expansion of geothermal energy in New Zealand. Of course not all potential will be developed, but even after taking account of environmental and regulatory limitations, it has been estimated that there is approximately another 1000MWe of geothermal potential that could be used for generating electricity.
There is also significant potential for the direct use of geothermal heat, for example in  industrial use, or in ‘cascading' uses. Because most electricity generation requires high temperature resources, it is possible to use the gradually-cooling geothermal fluid in a number of other processes such as secondary power generation, greenhouses, timber-drying, aquaculture or other industries, prior to the cooled geothermal fluid being re-injected.
EECA's role in supporting the use of geothermal energy in New Zealand
EECA works to remove barriers to, and encourage the uptake of, all renewable energy technologies . This includes providing independent and impartial information, and in some situations supporting projects through the resource consenting process. 
EECA also works with and supports the New Zealand Geothermal Association to undertake industry-led initiatives to support the use of geothermal energy.
More information
