Covers Earth's  heat, volcanic hydrothermal systems and their use.
(Geothermal Education Office, USA)
Volcanic or magma  based hydrothermal systems occur most commonly at the boundaries of tectonic  plates . Countries on the Pacific Ring of Fire , including Indonesia, New  Zealand, Japan and the western United States, have substantial geothermal  resources of this type. The only known significant, recent volcanism in  Australia occurred over 4,500 years ago in south-eastern Australia, from near  Mount Gambier in South Australia to the east of Melbourne in Victoria.
Hot rock systems such as the one being developed in the Cooper Basin in South Australia, do not contain naturally circulating water.  In Australia they generally consist of rocks with higher than normal amounts of  heat-generating radioactive elements, insulated by a ‘blanket’ of sedimentary rock. To transfer the heat to the surface, water needs to be sent down to the  hot rocks via drill holes. The hot rocks, often granites, also need to be  fractured to create a reservoir in which the water can be heated. This can be  done by pumping water into the hot rocks under very high pressure using a  technique called hydrofracturing; it creates a network of tiny cracks that  provides sufficient space for a water-heating reservoir. The heated water is  then returned to the surface for use via one or more production or extraction  wells. Such systems are sometimes called engineered or enhanced geothermal  systems (EGS), hot dry rock or hot fractured rock.
Related site: How  geothermal energy works (streaming video)
A video describing how energy is extracted from hot rock systems.
(Geodynamics limited, Australia)
 
 
A simplified hot rock  geothermal system: water is pumped underground at high pressure to create a  reservoir
(Image courtesy of Geodynamics  Limited )
 
Australia’s resources
Hot rocks are the most abundant geothermal resource in Australia and  hold promise as a major contributor to Australia’s future energy supplies. But Australia’s  geothermal resources are only now starting to be understood. Data on rock  temperatures down to a depth of about five kilometres are available from nearly  6,000 bore holes drilled during exploration for petroleum and minerals. These  bore holes are distributed unevenly across the continent and many are shallower  than five kilometres, so the geothermal resource is better known in some areas  than others. Data on heat flow including thermal gradient and thermal  conductivity , which are better suited to assessing the suitability of a  resource for energy production, are much rarer. Their collection involves both  field survey and the testing, in laboratories, of the thermal properties of  rock samples.
Despite the need for more data, it is clear that Australia has  massive geothermal resources. This is partly because of the presence of large  quantities of heat-producing granites in the upper crust enriched by higher  than normal concentrations of radioactive elements. The Cooper and Eromanga  basins in South Australia and Queensland contain geothermal resources that  reach temperatures of up to 250°C at 4.5 kilometres below the surface, putting  them among the world’s hottest rocks at this depth (excluding volcanic  systems).
The geological characteristics of many of the Australian hot rock  sites, such as horizontal layers of granite, should make it relatively easy to  create reservoirs of an optimal shape and connectivity for heat extraction.  According to some estimates, Australia has enough geothermal energy within  reach to supply the country’s energy needs (at current rates) for 20,000 years  or more. This figure ignores the fact that geothermal energy is renewable – it  is not a resource that will be depleted, unlike fossil fuels.
Direct uses
Geothermal resources can be tapped directly for their energy. The  heat can be used, for example, to dry harvested crops and food. In Iceland,  geothermal energy is used to heat greenhouses that produce year-round fruit and  vegetables in an otherwise inhospitable environment. Geothermal heat can be used  in a similar way to warm swimming pools, spas and buildings. Geothermal heat  pumps are already being used to heat buildings around Australia including  the Geoscience Australia building in Canberra and Antarctic Tasmania in Hobart.  Given the prolonged droughts occurring across parts of Australia, the use of  geothermal heat to desalinate seawater could also become important.
Indirect uses – electricity generation
In Australia, however, perhaps the most exciting potential application  of geothermal energy is its indirect use to generate electricity. Most  electricity today is generated using heat. In a coal-fired power station, for  example, coal is burnt to heat water, which turns to steam, which is used to spin  turbines, which generates electricity ( Box 2: Electricity generation ).
Geothermal heat can be converted into electrical energy in much the  same way using dry steam, flash, or binary generation systems ( Box 3:  Geothermal electricity generation systems ). Some countries are already producing  electricity from their geothermal resources: the United States, for example, is  generating about 16,000 gigawatt-hours per year, equivalent to around 10  million barrels of oil. Electricity was first generated in this way at  Lardarello, Italy, in 1903.
Benefits of geothermal energy
Abundant and renewable: Geothermal energy has a great deal of appeal as an energy source for  Australia’s future. It is abundant and it is renewable. While the heat of a hot  rock reservoir tapped for its energy can be depleted, it will eventually be  replaced. If managed carefully, by controlling the flow rate and/or rotating  between a number of reservoirs, geothermal resources can be used sustainably.
Environmentally friendly: In almost every aspect of its development, geothermal energy is  environmentally benign. Relative to its capacity for electricity generation and  availability, it has a small footprint. Once the plant is established, geothermal  energy production generates few greenhouse gas emissions or other forms of  pollution. Its widespread use could make a substantial contribution to efforts  to combat climate change.
Baseload and price: A drawback of many renewable energy options, such as solar and  wind energy, is that, without storage systems, they are only available when the  sun shines or the wind blows. Geothermal energy, in contrast, is available 24  hours a day and can therefore provide baseload power. With the introduction of carbon  emission reduction schemes , geothermal’s low emission status should also  make it price competitive compared to major greenhouse gas polluters such as  coal-fired power stations. There are no on-going fuel costs, and it is a renewable  energy source.
Issues
Given its benefits, why isn’t geothermal energy already being used  commercially in Australia?
Technical challenges: One reason is that the techniques for tapping hot rock resources  are only now being developed. Work at the Cooper Basin Innamincka site has  shown encouraging results, but how the properties of hot rock reservoirs might  change over time is unknown; such changes might also differ between locations. The  combination of the high pressure and temperature of Australian hot rocks might also  cause problems with drilling and well design.
Start-up costs: Given the lack of existing technologies and the costs of drilling,  the start-up costs of hot rock geothermal operations are very high. To some  extent these are offset by assistance from federal and state governments in  Australia, but geothermal ventures still require investors willing to risk their  money in technology that is developing.
Infrastructure: As for renewables including wind and solar, distance from  population centres can be a problem. Some of the best-known geothermal  resources are a long way from cities or even decent roads. Apart from the  problems this remoteness creates for personnel, it also means that very long power  transmission lines might need to be built, which would decrease efficiencies  and increase costs. However, rather than erect long powerlines, some industries  (for example, large computer data centres) may locate adjacent to large  geothermal resources. Also, having the generation centre some distance from  populated areas should reduce concerns over competing land use or other community  objections to development.
In many of the geothermal resource-rich areas of Australia, the availability  of water for hot rock operations might also be a considerable challenge. Once  there, the water will be recycled through the system and losses are expected to  be minimal.
Contaminants: In  some systems, the hot geothermal fluids contain dissolved minerals and gases.  Some of these might have commercial value, but there might also be a risk of  groundwater contamination and the release of greenhouse gases to the  atmosphere. Practises used in the petroleum extraction industry to minimise  potential contamination will be adapted and adopted by geothermal operators. The  very small amounts of radioactive substances that occur naturally in rocks are  believed to be too low to be of concern. For example the level of uranium in  high heat-producing granite is 100 to 1000 times lower than in a naturally  occurring uranium ore body and about the same as Australian coal.
Careful management of the fluids and gases from a geothermal system is  required. The use of closed systems like the one being developed at Innamincka  overcomes many of these issues. 
Discusses the  magnitude and management of seismic activity triggered by the creation of  geothermal reservoirs.
(Geoscience  Australia)
Seismic effects: The hydrofracturing process employed in the creation  of hot rock reservoirs can induce seismic activity – or mini earthquakes.  Hydrofracturing experiments in the Cooper Basin, for example, have induced more  than 27,000 small earthquakes, although few could be felt at the surface and  none were sufficiently strong to cause any damage to nearby infrastructure.  Geologists are learning more about the potential risks associated with  hydrofracturing and developing strategies to minimise them.
The future
There are good reasons to be excited by the prospects  for geothermal energy in Australia. Although current usage is miniscule, at  least 48 companies are working on geothermal exploration and several expect to  have working energy production operations within five years. Should the  technology work, and prove cost-effective, geothermal energy could be set for a  rapid expansion. If a sizeable industry develops it will help Australia to keep  rocking on.
Boxes
