Links and Resources
How Geothermal Energy Works
Geothermal energy is thermal energy generated and stored in the Earth. Thermal energy is energy that determines the temperature of matter. Earth's geothermal energy originates from the original formation of the planet, from radioactive decay of minerals, from volcanic activity, and from solar energy absorbed at the surface. The geothermal gradient, which is the difference in temperature between the core of the planet and its surface, drives a continuous conduction of thermal energy in the form of heat from the core to the surface.
Hot springs located along large faults in the earth are relatively widespread. These faults can extend well into the crust of the earth. If the fractures remain open under the great amount of pressure, these faults might allow water to percolate more than 2-3 miles deep. If this happens, the water will become hot by virtue of the significant depth reached (a typical geothermal gradient has a temperature of about 270°F at 3 miles depth). If the fault maintains porosity and permeability, this heated water can be forced to the surface (or near surface) and become a geothermal spring.
The Earth's geothermal resources are theoretically more than adequate to supply humanity's energy needs, but only a very small fraction may be profitably exploited. Drilling and exploration for deep resources is very expensive. Forecasts for the future of geothermal power depend on assumptions about technology, energy prices, subsidies, and interest rates.
Geothermal energy is harnessed in one of several ways:
Geothermal Electric Plants
The thermal efficiency of geothermal electric plants is low, around 10-23%, because most geothermal fluids do not reach the high temperatures of steam from boilers. The laws of thermodynamics limits the efficiency of heat engines in extracting useful energy. Exhaust heat is wasted, unless it can be used directly and locally, for example in greenhouses or district heating (such as at Chena Hot Springs Resort). The low system efficiency (as compared to other energy sources) does not affect the operation costs of a facility, but it does affect the return on the the capital used to build the plant. In order to produce more energy than the pumps consume, electricity generation requires relatively hot geothermal sources. Because geothermal is a stable energy source (as opposed to solar or wind energy), the capacity for energy capture is quite large; energy use of up to 96% of a resource's capacity has been demonstrated. The global average, however, is lower - found to be 73% in 2005.
Direct Heating
In the geothermal industry, low temperature means temperatures of 300 °F (149 °C) or less. Low-temperature geothermal resources are typically used in direct-use applications, such as district heating, greenhouses, fisheries, mineral recovery, and industrial process heating. However, some low-temperature resources can generate electricity using binary cycle electricity generating technology.
Direct heating is far more efficient than electricity generation and places less demanding temperature requirements on the heat resource. Heat may come from co-generation via a geothermal electrical plant or from smaller wells or heat exchangers buried in shallow ground. As a result, geothermal heating is economic at many more sites than geothermal electricity generation. Where natural hot springs are available, the heated water can be piped directly into radiators. If the ground is hot but dry, earth tubes or downhole heat exchangers can collect the heat. But even in areas where the ground is colder than room temperature, heat can still be extracted with a geothermal heat pump more cost-effectively and cleanly than by conventional furnaces. These devices draw on much shallower and colder resources than traditional geothermal techniques, and they frequently combine a variety of functions, including air conditioning, seasonal energy storage, solar energy collection, and electric heating. Geothermal heat pumps can be used for space heating essentially anywhere.
Challenges in Geothermal Energy
Geothermal energy is not without its challenges.  First and most obviously, the geothermal resource must previously exist at a shallow enough depth to be economically accessed. Second, most available geothermal technology requires the resource to provide very hot water.  In the case of Chena Hot Springs, they have found a way to circumvent the challenge of low temperatures; however, this is an atypical situation where the developers of the resource were able to find alternative solutions to a typical geothermal challenge.  Geothermal energy, while a well-known alternative energy resource, is not widely accessible since geothermal resources exist primarily along fault lines and where volcanic activity is frequent.  Most places in the United States, with the exception of states located along the Pacific rim, do not have these resources.
For geothermal energy to be technically and economically feasible, a number of conditions must be met. These conditions include: (1) an anomalous thermal gradient or accessible heat in a near-surface region, (2) sufficient porosity and permeability within the section of ‘hot rock’ so that fluids can move freely and transfer heat, and (3) some form of conduit that allows a hot fluid to flow to the surface in sufficient quantities. There the energy can be converted into a usable form. Clearly, the higher the near-surface temperature and the higher the permeability and flow rates, the more feasible the resource becomes. Unfortunately, out of the thousands of natural springs in Alaska, only a few have sufficient temperature and flow rates necessary to produce electricity. In some limited cases where high near-surface heat exists, these fluid flow and heat transfer systems can be enhanced by drilling and fracture technology if geologic conditions are right (see EGS ).
Technology
Introduction
In making electricity from geothermal steam or hot water, two basic types of equipment convert the heat energy into electrical energy. If the geothermal fluid temperatures are greater than about 350°F, a conventional low-pressure steam turbine is utilized. As the steam passes through a series of blades known as a rotor, the pressure is reduced. The steam expands, thus spinning the rotor. The rotor is attached by a straight shaft to a generator that spins and makes electrical power. In a few rare places in the world, geothermal production wells flow steam with no water. The steam is transported directly from the well to the turbine. In most cases a mixture of steam and hot water is produced by the well, and the water must be removed with a separator so that only pure dry steam enters the turbine. The geothermal liquid and the condensed steam are sent to an injection well, where they are returned to the reservoir to be utilized again and again. Essentially, a geothermal power plant ‘mines’ heat from a geothermal reservoir.
If the geothermal fluid temperatures are less than about 350°F, a different type of turbine is needed. Instead of steam passing through the turbine, a lower-boiling-point liquid, a working fluid such as isobutene, isopentane, or a refrigerant, is heated in a heat exchanger by the geothermal water. It becomes a vapor and is then sent through a turbine. No water (either as liquid or steam) passes through the turbine in this instance. Once through the turbine, the vapor is condensed and pumped back through the heat exchanger again and again. The geothermal fluid in this case is also returned to the reservoir to mine more heat.
Snapshot
