Source: (a) Muffler and Cataldi (1978).
(b) Hochstein (1990).
(c) Benderitter and Cormy (1990).
(d) Nicholson (1993).
(e) Axelsson and Gunnlaugsson (2000)
Frequently a distinction is made between water- or liquid-dominated geothermal systems and vapour-dominated (or dry steam) geothermal systems (White, 1973). In water-dominated systems liquid water is the continuous, pressure-controlling fluid phase. Some vapour may be present, generally as discrete bubbles. These geothermal systems, whose temperatures may range from < 125 to > 225 °C, are the most widely distributed in the world. Depending on temperature and pressure conditions, they can produce hot water, water and steam mixtures, wet steam and, in some cases, dry steam. In vapour-dominated systems liquid water and vapour normally co-exist in the reservoir, with vapour as the continuous, pressure-controlling phase. Geothermal systems of this type, the best-known of which are Larderello in Italy and The Geysers in California, are somewhat rare, and are high-temperature systems. They normally produce dry-to- superheated steam.
The terms wet, dry and superheated steam, which are used frequently by geothermists, need some explanation for readers who are not of an engineering background. To make it as simple as possible, let us take the example of a pot filled with liquid water in which pressure can be kept constant at 1 atm (101.3 kPa). If we then heat the water, it will begin boiling once it reaches a temperature of 100 °C (boiling temperature at a pressure of 1 atm) and will pass from the liquid to the gas (vapour) phase. After a certain time the pot will contain both liquid and vapour. The vapour coexisting with the liquid, and in thermodynamic equilibrium with it, is wet steam. If we continue to heat the pot and maintain the pressure at 1 atm, the liquid will evaporate entirely and the pot will contain steam only. This is what we call dry steam. Both wet and dry steam are called “saturated steam”. Finally, increasing the temperature to, say, 120 °C, and keeping the pressure at 1 atm, we will obtain superheated steam with a superheating of 20 °C, i.e. 20 °C above the vaporisation temperature at that pressure. At other temperatures and pressures, of course, these phenomena also take place in the underground, in what one author many years ago called “nature's tea-kettle”.
Another division between geothermal systems is that based on the reservoir equilibrium state (Nicholson, 1993), considering the circulation of the reservoir fluid and the mechanism of heat transfer. In the dynamic systems the reservoir is continually recharged by water that is heated and then discharged from the reservoir either to the surface or into underground permeable formations. Heat is transferred through the system by convection and circulation of the fluid. This category includes high-temperature (>150 °C) and low-temperature (<150 °C) systems. In the static systems (also known as stagnant or storage systems) there is only minor or no recharge to the reservoir and heat is transferred only by conduction. This category includes low-temperature and geopressured systems. The geopressured systems are characteristically found in large sedimentary basins (e.g. Gulf of Mexico, USA) at depths of 3 - 7 km. The geopressured reservoirs consist of permeable sedimentary rocks, included within impermeable low-conductivity strata, containing pressurized hot water that remained trapped at the moment of deposition of the sediments. The hot water pressure approaches lithostatic pressure, greatly exceeding the hydrostatic pressure. The geopressured reservoirs can also contain significant amounts of methane. The geopressured systems could produce thermal and hydraulic energy (pressurized hot water) and methane gas. These resources have been investigated extensively, but so far there has been no industrial exploitation.
Geothermal field is a geographical definition, usually indicating an area of geothermal activity at the earth's surface. In cases without surface activity this term may be used to indicate the area at the surface corresponding to the geothermal reservoir below (Axelsson and Gunnlaugsson, 2000).
As geothermal energy is usually described as renewable and sustainable, it is important to define these terms. Renewable describes a property of the energy source, whereas sustainable describes how the resource is utilised.
The most critical factor for the classification of geothermal energy as a renewable energy source is the rate of energy recharge. In the exploitation of natural geothermal systems, energy recharge takes place by advection of thermal water on the same time scale as production from the resource. This justifies our classification of geothermal energy as a renewable energy resource. In the case of hot, dry rocks, and some of the hot water aquifers in sedimentary basins, energy recharge is only by thermal conduction; due to the slow rate of the latter process, however, hot dry rocks and some sedimentary reservoirs should be considered as finite energy resources (Stefansson, 2000).
The sustainability in consumption of a resource is dependent on its original quantity, its rate of generation and its rate of consumption. Consumption can obviously be sustained over any period of time in which a resource is being created faster than it is being depleted. The term sustainable development is used by the World Commission on Environment and Development to indicate development that '….meets the needs of the present generation without compromising the needs of future generations'. In this context, sustainable development does not imply that any given energy resource needs to be used in a totally sustainable fashion, but merely that a replacement for the resource can be found that will allow future generations to provide for themselves despite the fact that the particular resource has been depleted. Thus, it may not be necessary that a specific geothermal field be exploited in sustainable fashion. Perhaps we should direct our geothermal sustainability studies towards reaching and then sustaining a certain overall level of geothermal production at a national or regional level, both for electric power generation and direct heat applications, for a certain period, say 300 years, by bringing new geothermal systems on line as others are depleted (Wright, 1998).
EXPLORATION
The objectives of geothermal exploration are (Lumb, 1981):
To identify geothermal phenomena.
To ascertain that a useful geothermal production field exists.
To estimate the size of the resource.
To determine the type of geothermal field.
To locate productive zones.
To determine the heat content of the fluids that will be discharged by the wells in the geothermal field.
To compile a body of basic data against which the results of future monitoring can be viewed.
To determine the pre-exploitation values of environmentally sensitive parameters.
To acquire knowledge of any characteristics that might cause problems during field development.
The relative importance of each objective depends on a number of factors, most of which are tied to the resource itself. These include anticipated utilization, technology available, economics, as well as situation, location and time, all of which affect the exploration programme. For example, the preliminary reconnaissance of geothermal manifestations assumes much greater importance in a remote, unexplored area than in a well-known area; estimating the size of the resource may be less important if it is to be used in a small-scale application that obviously requires much less heat than is already discharging naturally; if the energy is to be used for district-heating or some other application needing low-grade heat, then a high-temperature fluid is no longer an important objective (Lumb, 1981).
A large number of methods and technologies are available in order to reach these objectives. Many of these methods are in current use and have already been widely experimented in other sectors of research. The techniques and methodologies that have proved successful in mineral and oil or gas exploration will however not necessarily be the best solution in geothermal exploration. Conversely, techniques of little use in oil exploration could turn out to be ideal tools in the search for natural heat (Combs and Muffler, 1973).
Exploration methods
Geological and hydrogeological studies are the starting point of any exploration programme, and their basic function is that of identifying the location and extension of the areas worth investigating in greater detail and of recommending the most suitable exploration methods for these areas. Geological and hydrogeological studies have an important role in all subsequent phases of geothermal research, right up to the siting of exploratory and producing boreholes. They also provide the background information for interpreting the data obtained with the other exploration methods and, finally, for constructing a realistic model of the geothermal system and assessing the potential of the resource. The information obtained from the geological and hydrogeological studies may also be used in the production phase, providing valuable information for the reservoir and production engineers. The duration and cost of exploration can be appreciably reduced by a good exploration programme and an efficient coordination of the research.
Geochemical surveys (including isotope geochemistry) are a useful means of determining whether the geothermal system is water- or vapour-dominated, of estimating the minimum temperature expected at depth, of estimating the homogeneity of the water supply, of inferring the chemical characteristics of the deep fluid, and of determining the source of recharge water. Valuable information can also be obtained on the type of problems that are likely to arise during the re-injection phase and plant utilization (e.g. changes in fluid composition, corrosion and scaling on pipes and plant installations, environmental impact) and how to avoid or combat them. The geochemical survey consists of sampling and chemical and/or isotope analyses of the water and gas from geothermal manifestations (hot springs, fumaroles, etc.) or wells in the study area. As the geochemical survey provides useful data for planning exploration and its cost is relatively low compared to other more sophisticated methods, such as the geophysical surveys, the geochemical techniques should be utilised as much as possible before proceeding with other more expensive methodologies.
Geophysical surveys are directed at obtaining indirectly, from the surface or from depth intervals close to the surface, the physical parameters of deep geological formations. These physical parameters include:
temperature (thermal survey)
electrical conductivity (electrical and electromagnetic methods)
propagation velocity of elastic waves (seismic survey)
density (gravity survey)
magnetic susceptibility (magnetic survey).
Some of these techniques, such as seismics, gravity and magnetics, which are traditionally adopted in oil research, can give valuable information on the shape, size, depth and other important characteristics of the deep geological structures that could constitute a geothermal reservoir, but they give little or no indication as to whether these structures actually contain the fluids that are the primary objective of research. These methodologies are, therefore, more suited to defining details during the final stages of exploration, before the exploratory wells are sited. Information on the existence of geothermal fluids in the geological structures can be obtained with the electrical and electromagnetic prospectings, which are more sensitive than the other surveys to the presence of these fluids and to variations in temperature; these two techniques have been applied widely with satisfactory results. The magnetotelluric method, which exploits the electromagnetic waves generated by solar storms, has been greatly improved over the last few years, and now offers a vast spectrum of possible applications, despite the fact that it requires sophisticated instrumentation and is sensitive to background noise in urbanised areas. The main advantage of the magnetotelluric method is that it can be used to define deeper structures than are attainable with the electric and the other electro-magnetic techniques. The Controlled Source Audiomagnetotelluric method (CSAMT), developed recently, uses artificially induced waves instead of natural electro-magnetic waves. The penetration depth is shallower with this technique, but it is quicker, cheaper, and provides far more detail than the classic MT method.
Thermal techniques (temperature measurements, determination of geothermal gradient and terrestrial heat flow) can often provide a good approximation of the temperature at the top of the reservoir.
All geophysical techniques are expensive, although some more than others. Nor can they be used indiscriminately in any situation or condition, as a method that produces excellent results in a determinate geological environment may give very unsatisfactory results in another. In order to reduce costs, it is therefore very important that the geophysical method(s) be selected very carefully beforehand by geophysicists working in close collaboration with geologists (Meidav, 1998).
Drilling of exploratory wells represents the final phase of any geothermal exploration programme and is the only means of determining the real characteristics of the geothermal reservoir and thus of assessing its potential (Combs and Muffler, 1973). The data provided by exploratory wells should be capable of verifying all the hypotheses and models elaborated from the results of surface exploration and of confirming that the reservoir is productive and that it contains enough fluids of adequate characteristics for the utilization for which it is intended. Siting of the exploratory wells is therefore a very delicate operation.
Exploration programme
Before drawing up a geothermal exploration programme all existing geological, geophysical and geochemical data must be collected and integrated with any data available from previous studies on water, minerals and oil resources in the study area and adjacent areas. This information frequently plays an important role in defining the objectives of the geothermal exploration programme and could lead to a significant reduction in costs.
The exploration programme is usually developed on a step-by-step basis: reconnaissance, pre-feasibility and feasibility. During each of these phases we gradually eliminate the less interesting areas and concentrate on the most promising ones. The methods used also become progressively more sophisticated and more detailed as the programme develops. The size and budget of the entire programme should be proportional to its objectives, to the importance of the resources we expect to find, and to the planned forms of utilization. The programme schedule should be flexible and reassessed as the results come in from the various surveys of each phase; similarly the geological-geothermal model should be progressively updated and improved. These periodic re-assessments of the programme should ideally eliminate any operations that are no longer necessary and insert others, according to the results attained at each stage. Clearly any reduction in the number and size of the prospectings will lead to a decrease in costs, and also a corresponding increase in the risk of error or failure. Conversely, by decreasing the risk of error we increase the overall cost. The economic success of a geothermal exploration programme hinges on finding the proper balance between the two.
UTILIZATION OF GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES
Electricity generation is the most important form of utilization of high-temperature geothermal resources (> 150 °C). The medium-to-low temperature resources (< 150 °C) are suited to many different types of application. The classical Lindal diagram (Lindal, 1973), which shows the possible uses of geothermal fluids at different temperatures, still holds valid (Figure 10, derived from the original Lindal diagram, with the addition of electricity generation from binary cycles. Fluids at temperatures below 20 °C are rarely used and in very particular conditions, or in heat pump applications. The Lindal diagram emphasises two important aspects of the utilization of geothermal resources (Gudmundsson, 1988): (a) with cascading and combined uses it is possible to enhance the feasibility of geothermal projects and (b) the resource temperature may limit the possible uses. Existing designs for thermal processes can, however, be modified for geothermal fluid utilization in certain cases, thus widening its field of application.
Figure 10
Diagram showing the utilization of geothermal fluids (derived from Lindal, 1973)
Electricity generation
Electricity generation mainly takes place in conventional steam turbines and binary plants, depending on the characteristics of the geothermal resource.
Conventional steam turbines require fluids at temperatures of at least 150 °C and are available with either atmospheric (back-pressure) or condensing exhausts. Atmospheric exhaust turbines are simpler and cheaper. The steam, direct from dry steam wells or, after separation, from wet wells, is passed through a turbine and exhausted to the atmosphere (Figure 11).
Figure 11
Sketch of an atmospheric exhaust geothermal power-plant. The flow of geothermal fluid is indicated in red.
With this type of unit, steam consumption (from the same inlet pressure) per kilowatt-hour produced is almost double that of a condensing unit. However, the atmospheric exhaust turbines are extremely useful as pilot plants, stand-by plants, in the case of small supplies from isolated wells, and for generating electricity from test wells during field development. They are also used when the steam has a high non-condensable gas content (>12% in weight). The atmospheric exhaust units can be constructed and installed very quickly and put into operation in little more than 13-14 months from their order date. This type of machine is usually available in small sizes (2.5 - 5 MWe).
The condensing units, having more auxiliary equipment, are more complex than the atmospheric exhaust units and the bigger sizes can take twice as long to construct and install. The specific steam consumption of the condensing units is, however, about half that of the atmospheric exhaust units. Condensing plants of 55 - 60 MWe capacity are very common, but recently plants of 110 MWe have also been constructed and installed (Figure 12).
Figure 12
Sketch of a condensing geothermal power-plant. The flow of high-temperature fluid is indicated in red, and the cooling water in blue.
Generating electricity from low-to-medium temperature geothermal fluids and from the waste hot waters coming from the separators in water - dominated geothermal fields has made considerable progress since improvements were made in binary fluid technology. The binary plants utilize a secondary working fluid, usually an organic fluid (typically n-pentane), that has a low boiling point and high vapour pressure at low temperatures when compared to steam. The secondary fluid is operated through a conventional Rankine cycle (ORC): the geothermal fluid yields heat to the secondary fluid through heat exchangers, in which this fluid is heated and vaporises; the vapour produced drives a normal axial flow turbine, is then cooled and condensed, and the cycle begins again (Figure 13).
Figure 13
Sketch of a geothermal binary power plant. The flow of geothermal fluid is in red, the secondary fluid in green, and the cooling water in blue.
By selecting suitable secondary fluids, binary systems can be designed to utilise geothermal fluids in the temperature range 85-170 °C. The upper limit depends on the thermal stability of the organic binary fluid, and the lower limit on technical-economic factors: below this temperature the size of the heat exchangers required would render the project uneconomical. Apart from low-to-medium temperature geothermal fluids and waste fluids, binary systems can also be utilised where flashing of the geothermal fluids should preferably be avoided (for example, to prevent well sealing). In this case, down-hole pumps can be used to keep the fluids in a pressurised liquid state, and the energy can be extracted from the circulating fluid by means of binary units.
Binary plants are usually constructed in small modular units of a few hundred kWe to a few MWe capacity. These units can then be linked up to create power-plants of a few tens of megawatts. Their cost depends on a number of factors, but particularly on the temperature of the geothermal fluid produced, which influences the size of the turbine, heat exchangers and cooling system. The total size of the plant has little effect on the specific cost, as a series of standard modular units is joined together to obtain larger capacities.
Binary plant technology is a very cost-effective and reliable means of converting into electricity the energy available from water-dominated geothermal fields (below 170 °C).
A new binary system, the Kalina cycle, which utilizes a water-ammonia mixture as working fluid, was developed in the 1990s. The working fluid is expanded, in super-heated conditions, through the high-pressure turbine and then re-heated before entering the low-pressure turbine. After the second expansion the saturated vapour moves through a recuperative boiler before being condensed in a water-cooled condenser. The Kalina cycle is more efficient than existing geothermal ORC binary power plants, but is of more complex design.
Small mobile plants, conventional or not, can not only reduce the risk inherent to drilling new wells but, what is more important, they can help in meeting the energy requirements of isolated areas. The standard of living of many communities could be considerably improved were they able to draw on local sources of energy. Electricity could facilitate many apparently banal, but extremely important operations, such as pumping water for irrigation, freezing fruit and vegetables for longer conservation.
The convenience of the small mobile plants is most evident for areas without ready access to conventional fuels, and for communities that would be too expensive to connect to the national electric grid, despite the presence of high voltage transmission lines in the vicinity. The expense involved in serving these small by-passed communities is prohibitive, since the step-down transformers needed to tap electricity from high voltage lines cost more than US$ 675,000 each, installed, and the simplest form of local distribution of electricity, at 11 kV using wooden poles, costs a minimum of US$ 20,000 per kilometre (US$ 1994). By comparison, the capital cost (US$ 1998) of a binary unit is of the order of 1500-2500 US$/kW installed, excluding drilling costs. The demand for electric capacity per person at off-grid sites will range from 0.2 kW in less-developed areas to 1.0 kW or higher in developed areas. A 100 kWe plant could serve 100 to 500 people. A 1000 kWe plant would serve 1000 to 5000 people (Entingh et al., 1994).
Direct heat uses
Direct heat use is one of the oldest, most versatile and also the most common form of utilization of geothermal energy (Table 2). Bathing, space and district heating, agricultural applications, aquaculture and some industrial uses are the best known forms of utilization, but heat pumps are the most widespread (12.5% of the total energy use in 2000). There are many other types of utilization, on a much smaller scale, some of which are unusual.
Space and district heating have made great progress in Iceland, where the total capacity of the operating geothermal district heating system had risen to about 1200 MWt by the end of 1999 (Figure 14), but they are also widely distributed in the East European countries, as well as in the United States, China, Japan, France, etc.
Figure 14
Simplified flow diagram of the geothermal district heating system of Reykjavik. (From Gudmundsson, 1988)
Geothermal district heating systems are capital intensive. The main costs are initial investment costs, for production and injection wells, down-hole and transmission pumps, pipelines and distribution networks, monitoring and control equipment, peaking stations and storage tanks. Operating expenses, however, are comparatively lower than in conventional systems, and consist of pumping power, system maintenance, control and management. A crucial factor in estimating the initial cost of the system is the thermal load density, or the heat demand divided by the ground area of the district. A high heat density determines the economic feasibility of a district heating project, since the distribution network is expensive. Some economic benefit can be achieved by combining heating and cooling in areas where the climate permits. The load factor in a system with combined heating and cooling would be higher than the factor for heating alone, and the unit energy price would consequently improve (Gudmundsson, 1988).
Space cooling is a feasible option where absorption machines can be adapted to geothermal use. The technology of these machines is well known, and they are readily available on the market. The absorption cycle is a process that utilises heat instead of electricity as the energy source. The refrigeration effect is obtained by utilising two fluids: a refrigerant, which circulates, evaporates and condenses, and a secondary fluid or absorbent. For applications above 0 °C (primarily in space and process conditioning), the cycle uses lithium bromide as the absorbent and water as the refrigerant. For applications below 0 °C an ammonia/water cycle is adopted, with ammonia as the refrigerant and water as the absorbent. Geothermal fluids provide the thermal energy to drive these machines, although their efficiency decreases with temperatures lower than 105 °C.
Figure 15
Typical application of ground-coupled heat pump system (from Sanner et al., 2003).
Geothermal space conditioning (heating and cooling) has expanded considerably since the 1980s, following on the introduction and widespread use of heat pumps. The various systems of heat pumps available permit us to economically extract and utilise the heat content of low-temperature bodies, such as the ground and shallow aquifers, ponds, etc. (Sanner, 2001) (see, for example, Figure 15).
As engineers already know, heat pumps are machines that move heat in a direction opposite to that in which it would tend to go naturally, i.e. from a cold space or body to a warmer one. A heat pump is effectively nothing more than a refrigeration unit (Rafferty, 1997). Any refrigeration device (window air conditioner, refrigerator, freezer, etc.) moves heat from a space (to keep it cool) and discharges that heat at higher temperatures. The only difference between a heat pump and a refrigeration unit is the desired effect, cooling for the refrigeration unit and heating for the heat pump. A second distinguishing factor of many heat pumps is that they are reversible and can provide either heating or cooling in the space. The heat pumps, of course, need energy to operate, but in suitable climatic conditions and with a good design, the energy balance will be a positive one (Figure 16).
Ground-coupled and ground-water heat pump systems have now been installed in great numbers in at least 30 countries, for a total thermal capacity of more than 9500 MWt (in 2003). The majority of these installations are in the USA (500,000 installations for a total of 3730 MWt), Sweden (200,000 installations totalling 2000 MWt), Germany (40,000 installations totalling 560 MWt ), Canada (36,000 installations totalling 435 MWt), Switzerland (25,000 installations totalling 440 MWt), and Austria (23,000 installations totalling 275 MWt) (Lund et al., 2003). Aquifers and soils with temperatures in the 5 to 30 °C range are being used in these systems.
Figure 16
Sketch of a heat pump in heating mode (courtesy of the Geo-Heat Center, Klamath Falls, Oregon, USA)
The agricultural applications of geothermal fluids consist of open-field agriculture and greenhouse heating. Thermal water can be used in open-field agriculture to irrigate and/or heat the soil. The greatest drawback in irrigating with warm waters is that, to obtain any worthwhile variation in soil temperature, such large quantities of water are required at temperatures low enough to prevent damage to the plants that the fields would be flooded. One possible solution to this problem is to adopt a subsurface irrigation system coupled to a buried-pipeline soil-heating device. Heating the soil in buried pipelines without the irrigation system could decrease the heat conductivity of the soil, because of the drop in humidity around the pipes, and consequent thermal insulation. The best solution seems to be that of combining soil heating and irrigation. The chemical composition of the geothermal waters used in irrigation must be monitored carefully to avoid adverse effects on the plants. The main advantages of temperature control in open-field agriculture are: (a) it prevents any damage ensuing from low environmental temperatures, (b) it extends the growing season, increases plant growth, and boosts production, and (c) it sterilises the soil (Barbier and Fanelli, 1977).
The most common application of geothermal energy in agriculture is, however, in greenhouse heating, which has been developed on a large scale in many countries. The cultivation of vegetables and flowers out-of-season, or in an unnatural climate, can now draw on a widely experimented technology. Various solutions are available for achieving optimum growth conditions, based on the optimum growth temperature of each plant (Figure 17), and on the quantity of light, on the CO2 concentration in the greenhouse environment, on the humidity of the soil and air, and on air movement.
Figure 17
Growth curves for some crops. (From Beall and Samuels, 1971)
The walls of the greenhouse can be made of glass, fibreglass, rigid plastic panels or plastic film. Glass panels are more transparent than plastic and will let in far more light, but will provide less thermal insulation, are less resistant to shocks, and are heavier and more expensive than the plastic panels. The simplest greenhouses are made of single plastic films, but recently some greenhouses have been constructed with a double layer of film separated by an air space. This system reduces the heat loss through the walls by 30 - 40%, and thus greatly enhances the overall efficiency of the greenhouse. Greenhouse heating can be accomplished by forced circulation of air in heat exchangers, hot-water circulating pipes or ducts located in or on the floor, finned units located along the walls and under benches, or a combination of these methods (Figure 18).
Figure 18
Heating systems in geothermal greenhouses. Heating installations with natural air movement ((natural convection): (a) aerial pipe heating; (b) bench heating; (c) low-position heating pipes for aerial heating. (d) Soil heating. Heating installations with forced air movement (forced convection): (e) lateral position;(f) aerial fan; (g) high-position ducts; (h) low-position ducts. (From von Zabeltitz, 1986.)
Exploitation of geothermal heat in greenhouse heating can considerably reduce their operating costs, which in some cases account for 35% of the product costs (vegetables, flowers, house-plants and tree seedlings).
Farm animals and aquatic species, as well as vegetables and plants, can benefit in quality and quantity from optimum conditioning of their environmental temperature (Figure 19). In many cases geothermal waters could be used profitably in a combination of animal husbandry and geothermal greenhouses. The energy required to heat a breeding installation is about 50% of that required for a greenhouse of the same surface area, so a cascade utilization could be adopted. Breeding in a temperature-controlled environment improves animal health, and the hot fluids can also be utilised to clean, sanitise and dry the animal shelters and waste products (Barbier and Fanelli, 1977).
Figure 19
Effect of temperature on growth or production of food animals. (From Beall and Samuels, 1971).
Aquaculture , which is the controlled breeding of aquatic forms of life, is gaining world-wide importance nowadays, due to an increasing market demand. Control of the breeding temperatures for aquatic species is of much greater importance than for land species, as can be seen in Figure 19, which shows that the growth curve trend of aquatic species is very different from that of land species. By maintaining an optimum temperature artificially we can breed more exotic species, improve production and even, in some cases, double the reproductive cycle (Barbier and Fanelli, 1977). The species that are typically raised are carp, catfish, bass, tilapia, mullet, eels, salmon, sturgeon, shrimp, lobster, crayfish, crabs, oysters, clams, scallops, mussels and abalone.
Aquaculture also includes alligator and crocodile breeding, as tourist attractions and for their skins, which could prove a lucrative activity. Past experience in the United States has shown that, by maintaining its growth temperature at about 30 °C, an alligator can be grown to a length of about 2 m in 3 years, whereas alligators bred under natural conditions will reach a length of only 1.2 m over the same period. These reptiles have been bred on farms in Colorado and Idaho for some years now, and the Icelanders are planning something similar.
The temperatures required for aquatic species are generally in the 20 - 30 °C range. The size of the installation will depend on the temperature of the geothermal source, the temperature required in the fish ponds and the heat losses from the latter.
The cultivation of Spirulina can also be considered a form of aquaculture. This single-celled, spiral-shaped, blue-green micro-algae is frequently called 'super-food' because of its nutrient density; it has also been proposed to solve the problem of famine in the poorest countries of the world, although at the moment it is being marketed as a nutritional food supplement. Spirulina is now being farmed in a number of tropical and sub-tropical countries, in lakes or artificial basins, where conditions are ideal for its fast and widespread growth (a hot, alkaline environment rich in CO2). Geothermal energy has already been used successfully to provide the heat needed to grow Spirulina throughout the year in temperate countries.
The entire temperature range of geothermal fluids, whether steam or water, can be exploited in industrial applications, as shown in the Lindal diagram (Figure 10). The different possible forms of utilization include process heating, evaporation, drying, distillation, sterilisation, washing, de-icing, and salt extraction. Industrial process heat has applications in 19 countries (Lund and Freeston, 2001), where the installations tend to be large and energy consumption high. Examples also include concrete curing, bottling of water and carbonated drinks, paper and vehicle parts production, oil recovery, milk pasteurisation, leather industry, chemical extraction, CO2 extraction, laundry use, diatomaceous earth drying, pulp and paper processing, and borate and boric acid production. There are also plans to utilise low-temperature geothermal fluids to de-ice runaways and disperse fog in some airports. A cottage industry has developed in Japan that utilises the bleaching properties of the H2S in geothermal waters to produce innovative and much admired textiles for ladies' clothing. In Japan they have also experimented a technique for manufacturing a lightweight 'geothermal wood' that is particularly suited to certain types of constructions. During treatment in the hot spring water the polysaccharides in the original wood hydrolise, rendering the material more porous and thus lighter.
Economic considerations
The elements that have to be considered in any cost estimate, whether assigned to plant or operating costs, and the price of the 'products' of geothermal energy, are all more numerous and more complicated than in other forms of energy. All these elements must nevertheless be carefully evaluated before launching a geothermal project. We can only offer a few indications of a more general character, which, together with information on local conditions and on the value of the geothermal fluids available, should help the potential investor to reach a decision.
A resource-plant system (geothermal power facility) consists of the geothermal wells, the pipelines carrying the geothermal fluids, the utilization plant and, frequently, a re-injection system as well. The interaction of all these elements bears heavily on investment costs, and must therefore be subjected to careful analysis. To give an example, in the generation of electricity, a discharge-to-the-atmosphere plant is the simplest solution, and is therefore cheaper than a condensing plant of the same capacity. It will, however, require almost twice as much steam as the condensing plant to operate, and, consequently, twice as many wells to feed it. Since wells are very expensive, a condensing power plant is effectively a cheaper option than the discharge-to-atmosphere plant. The latter is, in fact, usually chosen for reasons other than economy.
Geothermal fluids can be transported over fairly long distances in thermally insulated pipelines. In ideal conditions, the pipelines can be as long as 60 km. However, the pipelines, the ancillary equipment needed (pumps, valves, etc.), and their maintenance, are all quite expensive, and could weigh heavily on the capital cost and operating costs of a geothermal plant. The distance between the resource and the utilization site should therefore be kept as small as possible.
The capital cost of a geothermal plant is usually higher, and sometimes much higher, than that of a similar plant run on a conventional fuel. Conversely, the energy driving a geothermal plant costs far less than conventional fuel, and corresponds to the cost of maintaining the geothermal elements of the plant (pipelines, valves, pumps, heat exchangers, etc.). The higher capital outlay should be recovered by the savings in energy costs. The resource-plant system should therefore be designed to last long enough to amortise the initial investment and, wherever possible, even longer.
Appreciable savings can be achieved by adopting integrated systems that offer a higher utilization factor (for example, combining space-heating and cooling) or cascade systems, where the plants are connected in series, each utilising the waste water from the preceding plant (for example, electricity generation + greenhouse heating + animal husbandry) (Figure 20).
Figure 20
Cascade uses of geothermal energy (courtesy of the Geo-Heat Center, Klamath Falls, Oregon, USA)
In order to reduce maintenance costs and shut-downs, the technical complexity of the plant should be on a level that is accessible to local technical personnel or to experts who are readily available. Highly specialised technicians or the manufacturers should ideally be needed only for large-scale maintenance operations or major breakdowns.
Finally, if the geothermal plant is to produce consumer products, a careful market survey must be carried out beforehand to guarantee an outlet for these products. The necessary infrastructures for the economic transport of the end-product from the production site to the consumer should already exist, or be included in the initial project.
Table 4. Energy and investment costs for electric energy production from renewables (from Fridleifsson, 2001)
 
