Disadvantages of Geothermal Energy
What is Geothermal Energy ?
The age of earth is estimated to be 4.5 billion years that is long enough to raise the temperature of its centre to 6000 degree Celsius. At this temperature the rocks beneath the surface of earth exists in melted form. Going down the surface of earth a few kilometers can encounter us with a temperature of 250 degrees Celsius and even more. For every 30 to 50 meters the temperature of earth increases by one degree. These melted rocks are far closer to the surface in volcanic areas and there heat can be used as an energy source.
How Geothermal  Works?
The origin of word Geothermal is Greek: Geo  means ‘earth’ and Thermal means ‘heat.’ The estimated geothermal energy is far  greater than the total amount of energy generated by all fossil fuels. The  subterranean hot rocks can be used in heating the water to transform it into  steam. Holes are drilled into the hot part of the earth and water is sent down.  This water comes up after converting into steam and is utilized in running  turbines that in turn run the electric generators. This steam must pass through  filters before driving the turbines or it will fur up the blades.
Note: Very good video for understand how geothermal power plant works to produce electricity
Technologies used in Geothermal Energy
There are three types of technologies that are  used in geothermal power plants: Dry Steam, flash and binary cycle. State of  the fluid used in the process decides which type of technology suits best.
Dray Steam Power Plants use the steam that  comes straight from the geothermal reservoir and send it on the routes to  generators so it may create electricity. They are the first type of geothermal  stations.
Flash Steam Plant is now the most common  technique. They utilize water of more than 182 degrees Celsius and needs high  pressure to pump the water to turbines.
Binary Cycle Power Plant never  lets the heated water in coming contact to the electricity generating  generators.
Landrello, Italy was the first place where first geothermal  power station was installed in 1904, where Wairekei, New Zealand,  was the second destiny to have one. Unites States,  Japan, Iceland and Philippines also have geothermal  stations of their own. Interestingly, these stations are used to not only  generate electricity but also heat homes in Iceland.
The usefulness of the system depends on the  temperature to which we can heat the water. The output depends upon the energy  of the innermost rocks and the quantity of water pumped down.
Advantages of Geothermal Energy
Let us have a look at the advantages of geothermal  energy resource.
The  source of this energy is earth that is capable of maintaining its temperature.  It is one of the best renewable sources of energy.
The  heating cost in this system is very low. Almost 60 per cent less fossil fuel is  required to run the geothermal power plant.
The  plant uses far less electricity than the conventional heating system.
It  is also one of the best ecological solutions as the emission of pollutants is  very low and no green house gases are discharged.
The  efficiency of this power plant is far greater than other heating systems. It is  75 per cent more efficient than the oil furnace and 48 per cent more efficient  than the gas furnace.
The  system is not only used for heating a place but also for cooling down the site.  It generates uniform energy that means there are no cold or hot spots and needs  no outlet like chimney for discharging the waste.
The  system functions quietly and thus create no sound pollution.
Maintenance  of the geothermal plant is very cheap. The air filter of heat pump unit is the  only article that needs replacement.
This  system can also used in existing houses if the life of their underground piping  is more than 50 years. The place should also have a forced air dust system.
 
Disadvantages of Geothermal Energy
There  are also disadvantages that are associated with the geothermal power plants.  Let us have a look at them:
The  system has very high installation cost that makes it impossible for a number of  people to benefit from the clear technology. It is estimated that the  installation cost is sometimes paid back in two years and at times in 10 to 20  years.
The  plant needs large yard for its installation and some pond or well as a reserve  of water. The system proves impossible at some places due to its  incompatibility.
The  geothermal power plant cannot be installed by all and sundry. Only authorize  technician can access and install the system which in terms means high labor.
The  energy generated is not 100 per cent clean as coal is used for electricity  which in turn emits hazardous green house gases like carbon dioxide.
Although  scientific development is needs but the magma of the earth is potent enough to  meet the needs of human kinds. It is expected that the few disadvantages will  be soon covered by the scientists and the ultimate sources of energy will be  made accessible to those countries that are non-volcanic.
