Print this article
History
The advantages of geothermal energy were first envisioned during the end of the nineteenth century. Italian Prince Piero Ginori Conti established the first geothermal generator in Larderello, a dry steam field. On July 4, 1904, the generator was activated and scientists quickly understood the benefits of geothermal energy. Finding that the geothermal plants were generating power naturally and potentially over long periods of time, governments and businesses invested in the alternative energy source. Over the years, the United States, the Philippines and Iceland have developed large geothermal power plants.
Potential
According to the World Energy Council, the world generates less than 1 percent of its power needs from geothermal energy. The Philippines and Iceland, however, have developed expansive systems to supply them with nearly 20 percent of their nation's needs. Once the power plant is built it is self-sustaining, running from the power it generates and has the potential of working 24 hours per day, producing the same volume of power indefinitely. The power plants use the naturally occurring heat that has been stored up in the Earth's crust for millions of years.
Benefits
One of the greatest advantages of geothermal energy is the fact that there is no pollution being created. With added interest in limiting carbon emissions, geothermal power plants offer a viable solution. According to the U.S. Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, fossil fuels and nuclear power plants produce over 27 million tons of carbon emissions per year globally. Geothermal energy produces no substantial addition to this figure, as gases released from the Earth's crust are captured and processed as part of the plant's function.
Features
Since geothermal energy is known as a green energy source by the United Nations, many countries have issued tax breaks and subsidies to companies that build geothermal power plants. In an effort to offset carbon emissions and invest in energy independence, these governments push for the creation of more geothermal power plants. Most of these countries even attempt to keep land prices in the ideal areas low.
In addition, geothermal power plants, due to their heavyweight design, tend to last much longer than oil or coal plants. Many plants that were built in the early part of the twentieth century are still operating efficiently today.
Significance
One of the advantages that makes geothermal energy an efficient energy source is that it uses no fuel to generate electricity. The process uses cold water that it pumps into the ground. The water is then super-heated by the hot inside of the Earth. When the water returns to the surface, the geothermal power plant harnesses the heat and converts it to electricity. Since water is the only thing used, the cost of operating the plant is limited to day-to-day labor and materials costs. This makes geothermal energy fuel-efficient and a low-cost alternative relative to other power sources.
Related Searches:
