Should geothermal energy resources around Yellowstone Park be developed?
by Karin Kirk, Montana State University
A geyser erupts from the Norris geyser basin. Details
Is the earth's heat under Yellowstone National Park an energy resource that is ripe for harvesting? Or is it best to leave that resource unused and protect the world's largest collection of geysers? This is a complex issue with geologic, environmental, political and economic factors that must be considered.
Let's have a look at this issue with a guided tour through different sides of the story. This activity is designed with questions and web-based resources that can be used to answer the questions. At the end of the exercise, students are asked to formulate their opinion and to use the information they have gathered to strengthen their position. Of course, there is no "right" answer to this question, which is why this is a compelling topic for student discovery.
Introduction: What is geothermal energy?
Geothermal power plant at Steamboat Springs Nevada. Details
Put simply, geothermal energy is using the internal heat of the earth to derive usable energy to create electricity, generate hot water or heat buildings. With an increasing public awareness about the US dependence on foreign oil, the potential of global warming caused by carbon dioxide emissions, and tightening environmental regulations, geothermal energy may have a prominent place in the energy future of this country. The production of geothermal energy emits much less carbon dioxide than burning fossil fuels, is generally considered a clean source of energy, and is plentiful in certain areas.
For every source of energy there is a down side, and geothermal energy is no exception. In some areas, the flow of geysers and hot springs near geothermal power plants has declined or ceased. Mineral-rich discharge water has to be dealt with in a responsible manner. And many of our nation's geothermal resources are located in scenic, wild and protected places.
The US Department of Energy's Geothermal Technologies Program ( more info ) website contains a large variety of resources on geothermal energy. Explore this website and consider the following questions:
US map showing geothermal potential. Details
Where in the US are geothermal resources located?
Give a brief explanation for the distribution of geothermal resources in the US. That is, why is geothermal energy readily available in some places, yet not others?
Geothermal energy is already being used in the Yellowstone region, as you can read about in Using Geothermal Energy in Montana.
Give some examples of where and how geothermal energy is being used in Montana.
Geothermal Energy ( more info ) This site provides a nice background on geothermal energy, and gives specific examples of environmental impacts that need to be addressed.
What are some environmental effects (both positive and negative) related to the use of geothermal energy?
Feeling Yellowstone's Heat
An aerial view of Grand Prismatic Spring. Details
Here is information about Geothermal Energy and Geysers ( more info ) from the Energy Information Administration of the US Department of Energy.
What creates the geothermal heat at Yellowstone?
The following resources contain information about Yellowstone's geothermal features, and also provide a summary of some of the recent activity concerning geothermal development.
