East Africa Rift
Geothermal resources are similar to many mineral and energy resources. A mineral deposit  is generally evaluated in terms of the quality or purity (grade) of the ore and the amount  of this ore (size or tonnage) that can be mined profitably. Such grade-and-size criteria  also can be applied to the evaluation of geothermal energy potential.
Grade would be roughly  analogous to temperature, and size would correspond to the volume of heat-containing material  that can be tapped. For mineral and geothermal deposits alike, concentrations of the natural  resource should be significantly higher than average (the background level) for the Earth's  crust and must be at depths accessible by present-day extraction technologies before commercial  development is feasible.
Developing Geothermal Energy
However, geothermal resources differ in important ways from many other natural resources. For  example, the exploitation of metallic minerals generally involves digging, crushing, and  processing huge amounts of rock to recover a relatively small amount of a particular element.  In contrast, geothermal energy is tapped by means of a liquid carrier-generally the water in the  pores and fractures of rocks-that either naturally reaches the surface at hot springs, or can  readily be brought to the surface through drilled wells. The extraction of geothermal energy is  accomplished without the large-scale movement of rock involved in mining operations, such as  construction of mine shafts and tunnels, open pits, and waste heaps.
"Low Grade" Geothermal  Can Heat Homes
Geothermal energy has another important advantage. It is usable over a very wide spectrum of  temperature and volume, whereas the benefits of other natural resources can be reaped only if  a deposit exceeds some minimum size and (or) grade for profitable exploitation or efficiency of  operation. For example, at the low end of the spectrum, geothermal energy can help heat and cool  a single residence.
To do so requires only the burial of piping a few meters underground, where  the temperature fluctuates little with the changing seasons. Then, by circulating water or some  other fluid through this piping using a geothermal heat pump, thermal energy is extracted from  the ground during the coldest times of the year and deposited in the ground during the hottest  times. Together, the heat pump and the Earth's thermal energy form a small, effective, and  commercially viable heating and cooling system. Heat pump systems are already in use in hundreds of thousands of  buildings in the United States.
"High Grade" Geothermal Can Produce Electricity
Toward the high end of the spectrum, a single large-volume, high-temperature deposit of geothermal  energy can be harnessed to generate electricity sufficient to serve a city of 1 million people or  more. For example, at The Geysers in northern California, fractures in rocks beneath a large area  are filled with steam of about 240°C at depths that can easily be reached using present-day drilling  technology.
This steam is produced through wells, piped directly to conventional turbine generators,  and used to generate electricity. With a generating capacity of about 1,000 megawatts electric, The  Geysers is presently the largest group of geothermally powered electrical plants in the world. At  current rates of per capita consumption in the United States, 1 megawatt is sufficient to supply a  community with a population of 1,000.
The Geothermal Challenge
Between these relatively extreme examples are geothermal resources that encompass a broad spectrum  of grade (temperature) and tonnage (volume). The challenge, for governmental agencies and the private  sector alike, is to assess the amount and distribution of these resources, to work toward new and  inventive ways to use this form of energy, and to incorporate geothermal into an appropriate energy  mix for the Nation and the world.
The Geysers near the city of Santa Rosa in northern California is the world's largest electricity-generating geothermal development. Most of the wells are about 3,000 meters deep and produce nearly pure steam. Pipes carry steam to turbine generators and associated condensers. Vapor plumes from condensers are visible here. Generators range from about 10 to 100 megawatt ratings; many are about 50 megawatts. Several steam wells feed into a single generator.After geothermal development, the land is available for other purposes, such as grazing. (Photograph by Julie Donnelly-Nolan, U.S. Geological Survey.)
Geothermal gradients and equivalent heat flow that illustrate differences in the amount of heat escaping from the Earth for broad regions and smaller areas of the United States (Sierra Nevada, Basin and Range physiographic province, Battle Mountain area of Nevada and nearby states, and east of the Rocky Mountains). The heat flow shown for the area east of the Rocky Mountains is equivalent to the average heat flow for continental crust worldwide. Illustration by USGS.
Geothermal gradients and equivalent heat flow that illustrate differences in the amount of heat escaping from the Earth for broad regions and smaller areas of the United States (Sierra Nevada, Basin and Range physiographic province, Battle Mountain area of Nevada and nearby states, and east of the Rocky Mountains). The heat flow shown for the area east of the Rocky Mountains is equivalent to the average heat flow for continental crust worldwide. Illustration by USGS.
Geothermal Energy in the News
