Elevated Crustal Temperatures in West Virginia:
Potential for Geothermal Power
David Blackwell, Zachary Frone, and Maria Richards
Huffington Department of Earth Sciences
Geothermal Laboratory
Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas 75275-0395
Abstract
A large area in eastern West Virginia has been  found to have elevated heat flow and upper crustal temperatures compared  to the rest of the eastern United States. The high heat flow has been  recognized based on interpretation of bottom-hole temperature (BHT) data  from oil and gas drilling in the area. The high heat flow is located  within the western part of the Appalachian Mountains. There are several  possible explanations for the observed thermal regime given the existing  data that can only be resolved by more accurate determination of the  temperature and heat flow in this area. The temperatures are high  enough to make this the most attractive area for Geothermal Energy  development in the eastern 1/3 of the country and the heat in place is  sufficient to support large scale development of Enhanced Geothermal  Systems.
1. Introduction
A significant area of high temperature at depth due to high  heat loss from the interior of the Earth has been identified in the  eastern part of West Virginia. The finding is the result of detailed  mapping and interpretation of bottom-hole temperature (BHT) data from  oil and gas wells conducted as part of an ongoing project to update the  Geothermal Map of North America and to revise previously calculated  stored heat resource values for the United States. There are several  geologic situations that could be responsible for the West Virginia  elevated temperatures. The data suggest that West Virginia possesses a  significantly higher thermal profile than previously estimated and at  such quantities and temperatures as to be capable of supporting  commercial geothermal energy production. As a result of the new data,  the previous estimate of West Virginia’s geothermal resources between  depths of 3-10 km is revised upwards to 113,300 EJ, a 78% increase from  the Future of Geothermal Energy Report (Tester et al., 2006) calculation  of stored heat. The revised estimate of geothermal potential from this  stored energy is 18,800 MWe (electrical power) at a 2% recovery factor.
2. Updating the Geothermal Map of North America
In 2008, the SMU Geothermal Laboratory began a multi-year  project to update the Geothermal Map of North America (GMNA) (Blackwell  and Richards, 2004) and estimates of U.S. Enhanced Geothermal Systems  (EGS) resources. The 2004 GMNA and thermal data set have been used by  SMU and others to estimate stored heat content, crustal heat flow, and  EGS resource values (Tester et al., 2006, referred to subsequently as  FGE2006). EGS resources are high-temperature (>150 ºC) geologic  formations where development of power systems requires the enhancement  or creation of a subsurface reservoir for fluid circulation.
The GMNA was developed from roughly 3,600 heat flow and 12,000  BHT data measurements along with regional thermal conductivity models.  However, large areas of the Central and Eastern United States contain  few data points and have been under sampled in all previous national  geothermal resource assessments. Since the previous GMNA data sets were  completed, approximately 7,500 new data points have been analyzed and  currently more are being processed for this project. The data was  collected from oil, gas, water, and thermal gradient wells from New  York, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky,  Tennessee, and Michigan. As a result of the new heat flow  determinations, estimates of heat content and MWe potential for  Michigan, Pennsylvania and West Virginia are substantially increased.
2.1 Data Sources, Manipulation, and Density
This study focused on aggregating the BHT data and developing new  thermal conductivity models for estimating crustal heat flow for  portions of the Eastern and Midwestern U.S. The parameters considered  include: BHT, surface temperature, heat flow, thermal conductivity of  the rocks, and heat production of the rocks at depth. The depths of  measurements used to update the West Virginia geothermal resource range  from 600 m to as deep as 6.15 km. These temperatures have been  corrected for the disturbance due to the drilling process to represent  the in situ Earth temperature at the point of measurement using the  Harrison correction (Harrison et al., 1983).
Thermal conductivities have been estimated from published geologic  sections and thermal conductivity information for the rock types  encountered in the wells (see Joyner, 1960). Geologic sections from the  AAPG Correlation of Stratigraphic Units of North America were used to  generate a thermal conductivity model for the eastern United States  (AAPG-COSUNA, 1994). Thermal conductivity and temperature gradient were  combined to calculate updated estimates of stored heat, heat flow,  temperature-at-depth, and technical geothermal MWe generating potential  for these states.
The mapping has identified a large area in eastern West  Virginia with elevated heat flow (Figure 1).
Figure 1
Index map of heat flow (mW/m2), well      locations, springs, and structural features.
A total of 1,455 wells with BHT data are included in the  updated West Virginia heat flow and temperature data set. From those 55  wells have high thermal gradients and heat flows, i.e., above 30°C/km  and 60 mW/m2 respectively. In comparison, the 2004 GMNA  contours in West Virginia are based on only four data points.  Interpretations of temperature contours are more constrained where there  are multiple wells in proximity to each other (central portion of WV,  Figure 1). There is significant scatter in the BHT data, even within a  close proximity, due to the marginal conditions under which they are  measured and recorded. Working with equilibrium temperature data is the  most accurate method of resolving these differences and is one of the  next steps for refining the state’s geothermal assessment.
2.2 Methodology of Temperature and Heat  Calculations
The  BHT data from hydrocarbon wells are measured as part of the drilling -  logging process. A plot of the corrected BHTs from the hydrocarbon  wells is shown in Figure 2. The highest corrected temperature in the  data set was in western West Virginia with 152°C at 6.15 km. This site  is located outside the area of highest estimated temperatures, but  useful for calibrating the deeper temperatures. The solid lines on  Figure 2 are individual wells with multiple BHT values representing  single well temperature-depth curves.
Figure 2
Corrected BHT as a function of depth for the area for  elevated heat flow. Lines connect multiple BHT values from specific  wells.
The  methodology for calculating the EGS stored heat resource follows the  process used in the FGE2006. In order to determine thermal energy (or “heat”) in place, calculations use lithology, thermal conductivity,  gradient, and thickness of sedimentary rock (depth to basement).  Temperatures were calculated for the depths of 3.5 to 9.5 km at an  interval of 1 km (Figure 3). Values, averaged for 1 km intervals, were  used in the recoverable resource analysis in the FGE2006 (Chapter 2  Appendix). In this study the West Virginia heat-in-place was calculated  based on 1 km x 1 km x 1 km blocks centered at depths of 3.5 to 9.5 km  using the same assumptions and equations shown in FGE2006 and Blackwell  et al. (2006). Synthesis of the new data yields a geothermal resource  estimate of 113,300 EJ of stored energy between depths of 3 and 10 km.  This is an increase of 78% over the previous estimate, based on limited  data, in the FGE2006.
3. Results
3.1 Temperature-at-Depth
A series of maps of calculated temperature-at-depth for West Virginia for  depths of 4.5, 5.5, 6.5, and 7.5 km are shown in Figure 3. These maps show the  increasing temperatures and the significantly large area over which the  temperatures higher than 150 °C occur. In the hottest area, predicted  temperatures are as high as 200°C at 5 km in discrete locations, and reach 175°C  conservatively over a large area (about 110 km by 170 km). Several wells have been drilled in the depth range of 4.5 to 5.5  km in western and central West Virginia. This information is helpful in  calibrating the temperatures to these depths across the state,  determining the extent of the significant geothermal resources, as well  as determining drilling conditions at depths similar to those needed for  geothermal development.
Figure 3
Maps of temperature-at-depth for West      Virginia. Red points represents locations of actual drilled      temperature, the triangle is the deepest well in the dataset. 
3.2  Location of High Temperatures in West Virginia Thermal Area
The area of high temperatures lies in eastern West Virginia at  the edge of the Appalachian fold belt and the Appalachian Sedimentary  Basin (Figure 1), which formed during the Appalachian orogeny 300-350  million years ago. The basin is bounded on the east by the structures  of the Allegheny Mountains. The basin is deepest along the western edge  of the Appalachians. The basin depths in the area of high temperatures  are 5 to 7 km. Thus, the lithology of the rocks at high temperature may  be both sedimentary and basement (igneous and metamorphic). The  uppermost basement lithology is dominantly granite or gneiss based on a  few basement samples from West Virginia, including a granite sample  outside the thermal area of interest from the Rome Trough at 5,971 m  depth.
Figure 4
Geologic and thermal cross-section for      central West Virginia. Geologic ages shown for reference.
Geologic details of the thermal area are shown in  Figure 4 with contours of temperature overlaid on a geologic  cross-section located at the position shown on Figure 1. The primary  basement structural features of West Virginia are identified in Figure  1: the Rome Trough (or graben, i.e. a down-dropped block); and the  Upland Horst (or up-thrown block) bounded on the east by a buried normal  fault (Shumaker and Wilson, 1996). These structural features underlie  the west edge of the thin skinned deformation associated with the  Appalachian Valley and Ridge province. The folds are related to near  horizontal faults that translate into near vertical faults beneath the  folds as shown near the east (right side of the section). Along the  section, the thermal anomaly seems to coincide in part at least with the  uplifted basement block (Upland Horst) geographically related to the  area east of the Rome Trough. Note that the section is highly  vertically exaggerated (about 20:1) so that the thermal anomaly is much  broader in respect to the relief than appears on the section.
The high heat flow values are primarily located in the West  Virginia counties of Tucker, Randolph, Pocahontas, and  Greenbrier. The trend of the highest heat flow area is almost N/S. To  the west and north the temperature mapping is controlled by additional  BHT data to depths of at least 2-3 km. To the east in Virginia thermal  data are limited and from relatively shallow wells. East of the area  of high temperature wells in western Virginia up to 600 m deep can have  temperature gradients as low as 10-11°C/km. Curiously, the warm springs  area of the Appalachians occurs just east of the high heat flow area and  in the region where the measured heat flow in shallow wells is low.  Whether these lower heat flows or the warm springs are characteristic of  the deeper thermal regime is not known at this time.
4.  Interpretation
The collocation of the high temperature area and  the area of folding and faulting suggests that the high temperatures are  geologically related. However, the nature of the relationship is not  proven and there are several possible associations that have different  implications on the temperature-at-depth interpretations.
Firstly, the high heat flow areas could be  associated with an underlying change in the basement  (igneous/metamorphic) rock type and thus the radioactive heat production  of the crust. In this case a deep heat conduction related source for  the thermal area is implied with wells drilled to basement in West  Virginia forming some constraint. The granite and granite gneiss  lithologies encountered are typical of a high basement heat flow area,  thus this model is definitely a possibility. In this situation the  predicted temperatures shown at depths of 5 to 10 kilometers would be  valid.
Secondly, the correlation could be due to some  large scale inhomogeniety in the thermal properties of the rock at depth  that disturbs the temperature in some complicated way. In this case,  the projected temperatures on Figure 3 could be somewhat high below 4 to  6 km (below the depth of the data points), but the area still would have  higher temperatures than the surrounding lower heat flow areas.
A third possibility is that there is fluid flow  along the thrust faults, the steep faults, or along dipping aquifers  (permeable layers) in the deformed Appalachian Valley and Ridge province  (Appalachian Mountain belt). It is interesting that the anomaly is  somewhat along the line of the Allegheny Front (see location on Figure  1) - a fundamental geologic structure that seems to localize the warm  springs locations in Virginia (see Figure 1). On the basis of the very  limited data available there are no large area thermal anomalies  associated with these hot springs (Blackwell and Richards, 2004). The  geochemistry of these springs also is not suggestive of high  temperature-deep circulation. If a fluid flow phenomenon of this sort  gives rise to the observed thermal anomaly then the calculated  temperatures at depths of 5+ km may be high. However, the minimum  temperature in the moving fluid would have to be above the measured  temperatures which are up to 140 °C (284 °F), definitely into the  temperature range for binary power generation. Therefore the final  conclusion is that, regardless of the interpretation, significantly  elevated temperatures will occur in the depth range of 4 to 10 km.
5. Areas for Further Investigation
5.1  Questions to Still Consider
The individual BHTs and estimated thermal  conductivity data have a relatively high uncertainty. Because drilling  makes up a significant percentage of the cost for geothermal  development, the most favorable areas will be the highest temperatures  at shallowest depths, making the most favorable areas somewhat site  specific.
Also site specific is the rock type within the  depth of interest, somewhat below the depths of the current drilling.  Much of the thermal energy resides in basement rocks below the  sedimentary section. Since basement is usually defined as areas of  metamorphic or igneous rocks, the composition and lithology of basement  is actually extremely variable. The West Virginia basement lithology  where present is as complicated as the surface exposures. Because the  generic description “granite” is often used for basement, the lithology  is not exactly specified.
5.2  Confidence Level in Current Analysis
The accuracy of the  current data and the temperature calculations is difficult to assess.  Comparisons with detailed temperature and coinciding geologic sections  indicate about a ±10% error associated with the temperature  interpretations within the depths drilled. At depths below the drill  holes the extrapolated temperatures are less certain. In the areas of  hydrocarbon development, wells that have been drilled to 3 to 6 km  depths, so the predicted temperatures can be checked against actual  measurements. Where this has been done and the agreement is within ± 20  °C in the 3 to 6 km depth range, although this does not include the  thermal area of interest in eastern West Virginia. This information has  been compared to the calculated values with similar results to the BHT  comparison.
5.3 Gaps in the Current Analysis
Major gaps include low quality thermal data,  potential errors in matching the thermal conductivity to the well  lithology, and areas with little or no data coverage. Addressing these  limitations will require measurement of equilibrium temperatures in  wells in the thermal anomaly regions and specific matching of the  geologic sections to the wells. In areas with low thermal data density,  holes drilled specifically for heat flow might be necessary as part of  the exploration stage of development.
5.4  Favorability for Enhanced Geothermal Systems
The  calculated heat-in-place of 113,300 EJ is the starting point for the  geothermal resource base and electrical generating capacity. The  favorability for EGS development depends primarily on reservoir  temperature and the suitability of target formations for the generation  of reservoirs. The lithology, nature of the existing pore space, stress  regime, and types and orientation of fractures are features that need to  be determined in the depth range of interest for development.  Geothermal exploitation in West Virginia could involve the development  or enhancement of fracture systems to generate high temperature (>150  °C) reservoirs in the low permeability formations. There is also the  potential for low temperature (65˚C-150˚C) geothermal development at  shallower depths.
Lastly, quantification of the most favorable rock  composition and structure for EGS development remains to be  accomplished. Most of the experimental EGS sites have been in granite  (in a strict geologic sense) because of the expected homogeneity of the  rock type. In fact there may be situations where layered sedimentary  rocks might be equally or more favorable as the orientations of  fractures might be easier to predict and the rock types may be more  extensively fractured. Tight (low porosity) sandstones are often  developed by fracturing into oil and gas reservoirs. As shown on the  cross-section (Figure 4), there are thick sandstones at depth in the  Appalachian Basin.
5.5  Recommended Areas for Future Research
Further research on the relationship of the  Appalachian Mountain belt as a geothermal structure should be completed.  The edge of the Appalachian Mountain belt extends either at the surface  or as a subsurface feature from the Canadian border to the Mexican  border in a serpentine course that crosses the states of Alabama,  Mississippi, Arkansas, and Texas in addition to the states crossed by  the Appalachian Mountains. The area of the same structure buried beneath  Gulf Coast sediments is a significant thermal feature of Texas,  Louisiana and Mississippi (Negraru et al., 2008) that also could be  amenable to geothermal development.
6. Conclusions
This reconnaissance investigation of the thermal  regime of the eastern U.S. has defined a significant thermal anomaly  along the Appalachian Mountain trend in West Virginia and demonstrated  that temperatures high enough for electrical power generation occur at  depths greater than 4 to 5 km in large areas of eastern West Virginia.  This finding opens the possibility of geothermal energy production near  the heavily populated Eastern Seaboard. Further research is needed to  refine estimates of the magnitude and distribution of West Virginia’s  geothermal resource and to understand the cause of the high heat flow  values. The presence of a large, baseload, carbon neutral, and  sustainable energy resource in West Virginia could make an important  contribution to enhancing the U.S. energy security and for decreasing CO2 emissions.
7. Acknowledgements
This project would not have been possible without  the support of Google.org and of Charles Baron and Dan Reicher.  Students in the SMU Geothermal Lab were helpful in many aspects of the  project, particularly Joseph Batir, who helped develop the temperature  calculation process employed in this study. Maps of temperature at  various depths for the conterminous U.S. from this study may be found at  google.org/EGS.
8. References Cited
AAPG -  COSUNA (1994), American Association of Petroleum Geologist, CSDE,  COSUNA, and Geothermal Survey Data_Rom.
Blackwell, D. D., and Richards, M. (2004), Geothermal Map of North  America, Amer. Assoc. Petrol. Geol. Map, scale 1:6,500,000.
Blackwell, D.D., Negraru, P., Richards, M. (2006), Assessment of the enhanced geothermal system  resource base of the United States. Natural Resources Research,  Springer Netherlands, v 15/4, 283-308, DOI 10.1007/s11053-007-9028-7.
Harrison, W.E., Luza, K.V., Prater, M.L., and  Chueng, P.K. (1983), Geothermal resource assessment of Oklahoma, Special Publication 83-1, Oklahoma Geological Survey.
Joyner, W. B. (1960), Heat flow in  Pennsylvania and West Virginia, Geophys., 25, 1229-1241.
Negraru, P., Blackwell, D. D., and Erkan, K. (2008), Heat Flow  and Geothermal Potential in South-Central United States, Natural  Resources Research, vol. 17., no. 4, 227-243,  doi:10.1007/s11053-008-9081-x.
Ryder, R.T., Swezey, C.S., Crangle, R.D., Jr., and Trippi, M.H. (2008),  Geologic cross section E–E’ through the Appalachian basin from  the Findlay arch, Wood County, Ohio, to the Valley and Ridge province,  Pendleton County, West Virginia: U.S. Geological Survey Scientific  Investigations Map 2985, 2 sheets, 48-p. pamphlet.
Shumaker,  R.C., and Wilson, T.H. (1996), Basement structure of the Appalachian  foreland in West Virginia: Its style and effect on sedimentation, in van  der Pluijm, B.A., and Catacosinos, P.A., eds., Basement and Basins of  Eastern North America: Boulder, Colorado, Geological Society of America  Special Paper 308.
Tester, J. W., Anderson, B., Batchelor, A., Blackwell, D., DiPippo, R.,  Drake, E., Garnish, J., Livesay, B., Moore, M.C., Nichols, K., Petty,  S., Toksoz, N., Veatch, R., Augustine, C., Baria, R., Murphy, E.,  Negraru, P., Richards, M. (2006), The future of geothermal energy:  Impact of enhanced geothermal systems (EGS) on the United States in the  21st century. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, DOE  Contract DE-AC07-05ID14517 Final Report, 209 p. (FGE2006)
# # #
