[ ? ]Subscribe To This Site
Geothermal Energy
Geothermal energy is created by releasing the naturally formed steam, hot water and by using the stable ground temperature that exists within the earth.  The core of the earth is made of hot molten rock and the heat escapes through cracks and crevices leading close to the surface of the earth.  Professional and controlled drilling releases the steam that is then used to turn turbines to create power, this is commonly used for commercial operations.
For homeowners, using the stable ground temperature via a heat pump is an affordable and practical solution. It is actually a far more readily available resource for homes than most people realize.
Hot Energy Can Affect Your Home
Man has used geothermal energy for hundreds of years.  The Romans used hot springs to heat their buildings. The use of the earth’s heat in its various forms has been harnessed for such a long time; it’s hard to think about it as a new alternative form of energy.  Yet it is easily accessible to homeowners worldwide.
Bears have always known to go underground to sleep through the winter and other animals seek shelter from blistering heat in caves or burrows.   Geothermal heat pumps use the earth’s stable temperature as a way to heat and cool homes.  Pipes are buried in a continuous loop either vertically or horizontally and water or other liquids are circulated through.  The pump uses little electricity.
Using the Earth's Heating and Cooling System
It is possible to provide up to 70% of a home’s energy needs by a geothermal heat pump.  The cost of these systems is reasonable and they require very little maintenance.  Because they use ground temperatures, they can be used anywhere in the world and are a good option for homeowners.
There are many countries that are already using geothermal power at a high rate, but Iceland heads the list.  Iceland produces approximately 17 percent of its electricity using geothermal energy. Currently, individuals can install geothermal heat pumps in their homes, receive a tax credit which lowers the installation cost, save money on energy bills and increase your home value while reducing your carbon footprint.
Clean Energy!
Geothermal power is clean energy that does not harm the environment.  It produces no pollutants so is safe for the air, and for your home.  It also does not require any chemicals to be added to produce power, so there are no issues concerning exposure to chemical pollution either. The systems used to provide energy are clean and compact, and provide no disruption to your household.
Geothermal power is seen as a virtually untapped alternative energy source because there is so much available to us. It can go far beyond powering the home, proving its possibilities as a resource. A number of schools in Manitoba, Canada are using this energy resource to heat their buildings. This energy is safe enough for a school environment and therefore safe enough for your home.
Once installed, you can enjoy geothermal energy for your home throughout your lifetime.
Interested in learning more, click on the links below:
