Resources & Energy Sector Infrastructure Council (RESIC)...
... working toward integrated, cost competitive infrastructure that meets the future requirements of the resources and energy sectors.
More about RESIC's role, initiatives, membership and presentations
South Australia has significant potential for geothermal energy and the State government is leading  Australia with an effective regulatory and approvals framework under the Petroleum and Geothermal Energy Act 2000.
DMITRE Energy Resources Division provides geoscientific and engineering information and data to support industry exploration and development. The Division also has responsibility to ensure compliance with the provisions of relevant legislation.
Here you can find information about legislation, compliance, licensing and applications affecting exploration and development of Geothermal Energy in South Australia.
The Energy Resources Division also acts as the Secretariat for the Australian Geothermal Energy Group (AGEG) , providing financial and intellectual support for Australia's membership in the International Energy Agency's Geothermal Implementing Agreement (IEA-GIA).
This section includes informationabout geological settings for geothermal energy plays.
The history of exploration and development in South Australia is documented in tenement maps and licence information.
The PACE initiative gives industry the opportunity to apply for funding available for proposals to undertake cooperative petroleum or geothermal exploration drilling projects.
Investing in South Australia
Information about living and working in Australia, investment opportunities, access to infratstructure and markets, roylaties payable and foreign investment rules.
Details of South Autralian based upstream petroleum consultants and service companies can be found in the Petroleum and Geothermal Services Directory .
Legislation and Compliance
Licences for geothermal activity are administered under the Petroleum and Geothermal Energy Act 2000 and Petroleum and Geothermal Energy Regulations 2000. Read a summary of the Act and information about recent amendments to the Act.
Information about the activity approval process , regulatory advice and guidelines (including for onshore exploration and production, pipeline licensing and approval, activity approval, collection and submission of data and reports), policies and templates to assist are included in this section.
A tool for the self-assessment of Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) management systems is also available on the petroleum site.
Licensing and Applications
Information about the types of licences required before undertaking preliminary surveys or production of geothermal energy, how to apply for a licence and tenement requirements (application and annual fees, maximum terms, terms and renewals) are included here.
The Licence Register provides public access to licence documents including terms and conditions of each licence issued, the name of the licensee, description of the licence area or route of a pipeline and notes about registrable dealings affecting the licence (eg extensions of time limits).
Environment and Land Access
An important part of the Petroleum and Geothermal Energy Act 2000 is environmetal regulation which sets requirements to protect the environment from potential impacts related to geothermal and petroleum exploration and production. These include requirements for exploration and production companies to provide environmental impact reports, statements of environmental objectives and Annual Reports.
The Environmental register provides public access to company environmental data, including reports on environmental objectives and impact assessments and company annual reports.
Products and Data
DMITRE Energy Resources Division has a wide range of readily available data. This includes databases such as PEPS-SA and online datasets.
The online application, SARIG (South Australian Resource Information Geoserver) , enables users to search, view and download information relating to resources.
 
