 
How does Geothermal Energy Work?
The heat energy from within the earth is known as geothermal energy. The scientists believe tapping geothermal energy would be a sustainable solution to reduce the effects of global warming and dependence on fossil fuels. This article gives a brief insight into geothermal energy and how it works.
The term geothermal energy is derived from the Greek word geo meaning earth and thermos meaning heat. Hence, geothermal energy is the heat energy emanating from within the earth's core. You could use hot water (hot springs and geysers) and steam inside the earth's crust to produce electricity and also heat buildings. An interesting ecological fact is that geothermal energy is a renewable resource. The water levels are recovered by timely rainfall and the heat is produced within the earth. Therefore geothermal energy is not a depleting resource like petroleum .
Are you aware of the fact geothermal energy is produced approximately 4,000 miles below the surface of the earth? The temperature inside the earth's core is way higher than the temperature of its surface. This is because of the radioactive process, which constantly takes place in the rocky crust within the earth. Geothermal energy is used directly by people around the world to heat their households and also to generate electricity.
Working of Geothermal Energy
The temperature is 100 degrees Celsius three miles beneath the earth's surface. This is the boiling point of water and such a high temperature can be used to generate a steam-powered electric power plant. However, drilling three miles below the earth, though possible, is a Herculean task. Instead, geothermal hotspots are identified to derive geothermal energy. A geothermal hotspot is an area that transmits excess internal heat from the interior of the earth to the outer crust because owing to the reduced thickness in the earth's mantle. Geothermal hotspots can, thus, be used to generate electricity.
One of the chief methods to generate electricity from geothermal energy is by pumping hot water into sedimentary hotspots. The steam generated by this method is used to produce electricity. The condensed steam is, again, circulated into the permeable sedimentary stream of a hotspot.
Another method is to use volcanic magma. The temperature of partially molten magma is approximately 650 degrees Celsius. This heat is used to boil water to generate electricity.
Some geothermal plants also use hardened magma that is, also, extremely hot. This system uses hot dry rock. Pipes are looped through these hot dry rocks through which water is circulated. The heat of the rocks converts the water into steam prior to transferring the heat to a steam generator.
Advantages of Geothermal Energy
Geothermal energy has more advantages compared to various other forms of energy. A few advantages of geothermal energy are given below:
Geothermal energy is an eco-friendly energy and is popularly known as a clean energy. The reason behind this is that geothermal energy is not extracted from fossil fuels and emits only about 3% C2O. This is one of the major advantages of geothermal energy.
Human race is facing serious environmental problems such as global warming and pollution. Hence, it is vital to switch to renewable energy sources such as geothermal energy. Geothermal energy is derived from the heat generated by the earth's core and from water. Yearly rainfalls replenish water level in the earth and the heat is constantly generated within the earth's crust.
One of the biggest advantages of geothermal energy is that harmful emissions from a geothermal plant is very low compared to traditional power plants. A geothermal plant does not emit toxic liquids or any form of harmful gases. The only gas emitted is C2O, that too in very small quantities. The water reservoirs are replenished with recycled salt and minerals along with excess water that is pumped into it.
In future, geothermal energy is expected to be efficiently used instead of other forms of energy. The reason is that it is a renewable form of energy that is not only clean but can also supply continuous electrical power. Geothermal energy is available 24 x 7 and is produced within every country. This means, a country with a large number of geothermal plants becomes less dependent on imported fossil fuels.
