Geothermal    Blog
Geothermal Energy – Heating, Cooling and Ground Source Power
Geothermal energy is one of the least expensive sources of renewable  energy. It is much cheaper than solar energy, can be used on small scale  in residential applications for heating and cooling, as well as on  major industrial scale to produce clean electricity. Geothermal energy  is abundant and works  year round with very little maintenance, and in  any climate.
Geothermal Heating and Cooling:
Geothermal energy will work year round – no matter if it’s hot or  cold outside, if its sunny, raining or snowing your geothermal system  will supply comfortable heat or cold. Geothermal systems require minimal  maintenance and are designed to work for decades. Geothermal heating  and cooling systems can work for a single family home as well as for  large apartment buildings. They can supply hot or cold air as well as  hot water. And the beautiful thin is that operating costs of a  geothermal heating and cooling system are only about 25% of an electric  heat and air-conditioning, or about 35% of gas or oil heating systems.
Geothermal heating and cooling systems use the principle of heat pump  to extract the geothermal energy and use it for heating and cooling of  your home. Learn how geothermal heating and cooling works.
Geothermal Power:
Geothermal energy can also be used to produce clean electricity,  enough to power thousands of home and businesses. Geothermal power  plants can be build anywhere and will not use any fossil fuels such as  gas, oil or coal, and will not pollute the air. Geothermal power is also  much safer than nuclear power and there is now need to worry about used  nuclear fuel, after it has been depleted. Learn how geothermal power  plant works.
Geothermal Heat Pumps:
Geothermal heat pump works on a principle of gas compression /  decompression cycle, when either cold or heat is emitted. When  refrigerant gas is compressed it produces cold, and as it decompresses,  heat is emitted. A heat pump can circulate the refrigerant in either  direction to produce either heat or cold – whichever is needed at the  moment.  By adding the constant supply of energy from the ground source,  a geothermal heat pump increase the efficiency of a cooling or heating  system by 100%, and reduces the operating cost by 50%. The excessive  heat or cold is then sent back into the ground, where it dissipates in  the ground thermal mass. Geothermal heat pumps are very efficient and  require little electric power to operate – electricity is used to run  the compressor, a fan and a water pump to circulate heat exchange liquid  through ground source heat exchanger. Learn more about geothermal heat  pump.
Geothermal and solar PV systems: 100% green energy for your home
Because a geothermal heating and cooling system does not require much  electric power to operate, it can be powered by a relatively small  solar PV system. When you combine a geothermal heating and cooling  system with enough solar panels to operate the heat pump, a fan and a  water pump, you can achieve a 100% green energy system and turn your house into a net zero energy home. If you live off-grid, you can store  extra solar electricity in the back-up batteries, for when there is no  sun, and have a back-up heating system running on propane. If your house  is grid-tied, you won’t even need to worry about back-up power – at  night your geothermal system will run on grid electricity, while during  the day, excess solar power will be sent back to the grid. Learn more  about Geothermal and Solar PV hybrid systems.
Geothermal Prices:
You may ask yourself – if geothermal is so great, why is it not  installed everywhere? The main reason for it, is high initial cost to  install a geothermal heating and cooling system. There is a lot of  variables involved in specifying, calculating and installing an adequate  geothermal system. There is also a very expensive digging or drilling  process. Between laying the heat exchanger, connecting all the piping to  the heat pump, installing ducts system (if not already installed), and  making sure everything works efficiently, you can expect to pay as much  as $40,000 to install a new geothermal heating / cooling system.
The geothermal system size must be calculated precisely, so that  after installation you do not find out that your system is undersized,  or there is not enough loops of heat exchanger, or it is not installed  deep enough, etc.
Additionally, you need to hire professional geothermal contractor,  who knows how to calculate your system size correctly, knows how to tune  the heat pump equipment for optimal performance, how deep to lay the  heat exchanger, whether you should dig or drill into the ground, etc.  Your regular HVAC specialist will not be able to correctly install a  geothermal system without proper training and experience. All these  factors affect the cost of installing geothermal heating and cooling,  and will make a big difference on when you can expect your system to pay  for itself. Learn more about geothermal prices, ROI and payback period.
4 Responses to “Geothermal Energy – Heating, Cooling and Ground Source Power”
Nancy Oliver
August 3rd, 2011 at
I installed a geothermal unit in January.  I am seeing 0 energy savings on my electric bill. I have, as best as possible, analyzed my energy consumption.  The house averages 25 kw per day without the units on and more like 45-55 with them on.  The contractor that installed it has been out several times and says its fine.  Every month that I get my electric bill leaves me more distraught.  Any ideas would be greatly appreciated.
Regards, Nancy Oliver
