 
Supporting                and Advancing Worldwide Geothermal Energy Use Through International              Cooperation
The International Energy Agency (IEA) Implementing                Agreement for a Cooperative Programme on Geothermal Energy Research                and Technology, or Geothermal Implementing Agreement (GIA), provides                an important framework for wide-ranging international cooperation                in geothermal R&D. Its activities presently cover four different                research areas: Environmental Impacts of Geothermal Development, Enhanced                Geothermal Systems, Advanced Geothermal                Drilling Technology and Direct Use of Geothermal Energy.
The GIA has begun its third 5-year term of operation, which ends on 31 March 2012.  The mission for this term is to promote the sustainable utilization of geothermal energy throughout the world by: improving existing technologies, developing new technologies to render exploitable the vast and widespread global geothermal resources, facilitating the transfer of know-how, providing high quality information and widely communicating geothermal energy's strategic, economic and environmental benefits.
As of 12 September 2011, there were 20 Members: 14 Countries- Australia, France, Germany, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Republic of Korea, Spain, Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom; the European Union; and 5 Sponsors: Canadian Geothermal Energy Association, Geodynamics Limited, Geothermal Group of Spanish Renewable Energy Association, Green Rock Energy Limited and ORMAT Technologies Inc.
-----------
To access report, click: 2010 GIA Annual Report (pdf, 12.4 MB)
-----------
GIA~IPGT  EGS Induced Seismicity Efforts
IEA-GIA Annex XI (Induced Seismicity Associated with EGS) is working together with the International Partnership for Geothermal Technology (IPGT) Working Group on Induced Seismicity to address  crutial issues associated with the development and utilization of EGS.
To learn more, click: GIA-IPGT Efforts
-----------
GIA Endorses EGS Protocol
IEA-GIA Executive Committee has endorsed an EGS Protocol for estimating and mapping regional EGS potential.  For details and access to the document, go to the Publications Section.
-----------
Recently Launched~
IEA Geothermal Roadmap
IEA Executive Director, Nobuo Tanaka, launched the Technology Roadmap: Geothermal Heat and Power at the Eurelectric Annual Conference in Stockholm, Sweden, on 13 June 2011.  The Geothermal Roadmap reviews the current global state of geothermal energy, its potential for deployment and CO2 abatement to 2050, and highlights key policy actions required to achieve significant growth of this renewable energy resource.  Several GIA participants contributed to the development of this document.
To access Mr Tanaka's press release, click: Press Release
To download the IEA Geothermal Roadmap, click: Geo Roadmap (pdf, 4.3 MB)
-----------
Just Published~
IPCC Special Report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation
The Special Report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation (SRREN) was released on 9 May 2011.  Several GIA participants contributed to the Geothermal Chapter.
To access the Geothermal Chapter, click: SRREN Geothermal (1.1 MB)
To acess the Summary for Policy Makers, click: SRREN Summary (1.1 MB)
To access the complete SRREN Report, click: SRREN Complete (28 MB)
-----------
Handbook of Best Practices for
Geothermal Drilling
The Handbook of Best Practices for Geothermal Drilling by John Finger and Doug Blankenship makes a  new and valuable contribution to the international geothermal community.  It was prepared by Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA, and  funded by the US Department of Energy's Geothermal Technologies Program, with support and guidance from Jay Nathwani (IEA-GIA Executive Committee Member for the USA), for IEA-GIA Annex VII: Advanced Geothermal Drilling and Logging Techniques.
To download, click: Best Practices Handbook (pdf, 1.1 MB)
-----------
GIA Keynote Address at WGC 2010
The IEA-GIA had a significant presence at the recent World Geothermal Congress  2010 held in Bali, Indonesia, on 25-30 April 2010.  Several GIA papers were presented and an exhibition booth sponsored.  The GIA's international efforts were recognized by making its paper: The International Energy Agency Geothermal Implementing Agreement- International Efforts to Promote Global Sustainable Geothermal Development and Help Mitigate Climate Change a keynote address as part of a 1.5 hour panel session entitled: International Efforts to Promote Global Sustainable Geothermal Development (for presentation, click: GIA Keynote Address ; for the complete paper, click: GIA Keynote Paper ).  IEA-GIA Annex presentations are available in the Publications section.
IEA-GIA exhibition booth at WGC 2010, Bali, Indonesia.
-----------
Proceedings of the GIA-IGA International Geothermal Workshop on Global Development Potential and Contribution to Mitigation of Climate Change
The Proceedings  for the IEA-GIA~IGA International Geothermal Workshop on Global Development Potential and Contribution to Mitigation of Climate Change
held in Madrid, Spain, on 5-6 May 2009, is  available.
To access the presentations, click: GIA-IGA Workshop Presentations
-----------
Proceedings from 2nd Australian Geothermal Energy Conference Nov 2009
The Proceedings may be obtained from Geoscience Australia site.
-----------
GIA Strategic Plan 2007-2012
The GIA Strategic Plan  2007-2012 is  available in the PUBLICATIONS section.  To access, use the PUBLICATIONS button at the left, or
To go directly to it, click: GIA Strategic Plan 2007-2012 (doc, 306 kB)
-----------
 Last Updated:
31 October  2011
The IEA Geothermal Implementing Agreement (GIA), also known as the Implementing Agreement for a Cooperative Programme on Geothermal Energy Research and Technology, functions within a framework created by the International Energy Agency (IEA).  Views, findings and publications of IEA GIA do not necessarily represent the views or policies of the IEA Secretariat or of all its individual member countries.
 
