Check out the latest Geothermal News !
Geothermal power energy uses the earth as the source for harnessing energy.  Energy is produced because the earth's surface is hot.  Geothermal systems work by harnessing that heat and converting it into energy.
These systems can be used to efficiently heat and cool your house  or business. Geothermal energy is primarily a renewable energy source.  However, the earth may cool in that area therefore producing less energy. No pollution is created from the use of geothermal devises.
The Department of energy says that Geothermal energy plants supply substantial amounts of energy to the western United States. The main island of Hawaii gets about 20% of its energy sources from geothermal energy. Like any energy source, there are advantages and disadvantages to geothermal power energy. Geothermal energy make up less then one percent of the world's energy.
The most abundant source of geothermal energy in the United States is in the Western. According to the Department of Energy, geothermal energy supplies six percent of California, ten percent of northern Nevada, 25 percent of Hawaii and a significant portion of Utah. It a good source of energy for many states and countries within the "ring of fire".
The United States Farm  Bill section on renewable energy, was established to give grants and loans to agricultural producers and rural small businesses with assistance to purchase renewable energy systems or improvements. In 2007 this bill provided 11.4 million in grants and 176.5 million in loans. This is significant because geothermal equipment can dramatically lower electric bills, and produce clean energy.
Geothermal Installation
Whether you live in sunny California or snowy Michigan, geothermal equipment installation can be used. The technology on geothermal systems if very advanced and can draw energy from the earth to be used to heat, or cool homes. Washington State University  is at the forefront of research on geothermal energy.
The map below shows the hot spots in the United States where significant portions of energy can be drawn from the ground.
MAP OF GEOTHERMAL WEST
Although most of the northeastern coast is cold geothermal power plants are able to be efficiently used in colder climates. Geothermal technology could probably be used in conjunction with newer building projects, or installed to save money on bigger buildings.  The initial cost is greater but the savings could be significant.
There are many who believe that geothermal energy could be very cost effective for African countries since they are hot year-round. In March of 2004 the first African geothermal power station opened in Kenya.
Geothermal Energy Issues
Geothermal energy is a clean, safe, and an environmentally friendly energy source. As long as the earth surface is hot it is renewable.  This creates a steady amount of energy from that area. However, studies have shown that these hot areas do cool down, making long term sustainability questionable.
Geothermal cannot be used on a large energy production scale outside of the Western United States. Construction can have adverse affects on land stability.  Enhanced geothermal systems work by putting water into the ground where water was not located before. The effects of doing this are unknown.  Geothermal  is clean but does produce 5 percent of what fossil fuel plants do.
Geothermal Articles
