Posted on July 26, 2011 by John Proctor | Leave a comment
As geothermal energy is often discussed as a clean, green and sustainable source of energy for the future, we thought we’d look into the popular question: is geothermal energy expensive. On a basic level, and like many other alternative forms of generating energy, the answer is yes, initially, and no, not in the long run. When looking at the cost of geothermal energy this is really an impediment to the more widespread implementation of these plants as a means of generating electrical power. Unfortunately, the fact is that is something is expensive, then the likelihood of any large scale adaptation is low – and this certainly applies to our consideration of “Is geothermal energy expensive”.
Geothermal Energy © by janie.hernandez55
Geothermal power facts
Before we go any further and get into the nitty gritty of the costs of geothermal power, let’s first consider some facts about it. Geothermal energy relates to the science of using the heat of the earth as a source of energy. “Geo” relating to the rock, and “thermal” meaning heat points to the simple fact of using hot rock to generate power. Geothermal plants harness this energy by drilling wells down into the earth’s crust, usually between 5,000 and 10,000 feet deep. There they hope to reach a cavity of water, which is heated by the molten rock, or magma, which sits below it.
This heated water is then brought to the surface, and from there what happens is completely dependant on the purpose of the plant. Some plants exist to generate electricity, whereas some are harvesting the groundwater to use in heating towns or larger areas.
If you notice the mention of the word magma before, yes, it’s the same type of molten rock associated with volcanos. This superheated rock heats the water which is used to produce the power. So it follows that plants that exist to harvest geothermal energy can only be built in areas that have a good level of volcanic activity, where a well drilled down to that level will reach the heated rock. If it doesn’t, then there is no purpose to building the plant there, and it is time to move on. This is one of the first considerations in the the question of “Is geothermal energy expensive”.
So, why is geothermal energy expensive?
Geothermal energy is expensive precisely because the placing of the plants involves guesswork. There can be no guarantee that a site where a plant can be built will also be a site where drilling will be successful. There may just be no access to the required heat underground for the operation to be successful, let alone viable. Drilling is an expensive process, and exploratory drilling can be frustrating, complicated, time consuming and therefore expensive.
So it is the infrastructure that is the answer to that question of “Is geothermal energy expensive”. The process of finding viable drilling sites, obtaining permissions, doing the drilling and then once successful building a plant at the site and going on to provide the support infrastructure – it all costs money right at the outset. For companies that invest in geothermal energy exploration, this period of unknown success and time taken to build the infrastructure is key, and may well be a deterrent to many potential investors in alternative forms of energy .
The longer term view on the cost of geothermal energy
There’s always another point of view though – and in this question regarding the cost of geothermal power the alternative view is that the cost may be high initially, but not in the long run. You see, we have discussed the reasons why geothermal energy is expensive in the initial phases, but not in the long run. Taking a longer term view, the cost of geothermal power is very reasonable indeed.
CERTs Poster: Cozy Geothermal Energy © by CERTs
This is because although basic maintenance is required on the plant, they are relatively simple technologically speaking, especially when compared to nuclear energy plants. Geothermal plants also produce no pollution, only steam and perhaps a little noise, but that is something that people are likely to be comfortable with when considering the alternatives. Is geothermal energy expensive? Yes, in the initial stages thanks to the drilling process, but in the long run, certainly not. Geothermal energy provides us with a great way to meet our electrical energy needs as well as heating requirements, and if used sustainably cause no long term damage to the planet. Unfortunately building geothermal plants is not viable all over the world with current technology, but maybe one day we will not have to limit geothermal energy plants just to areas with volcanic activity.
No related posts.
