Contributors
Introduction
Texas has the ability to be a U.S. leader in reducing the environmental impact of fossil fuel electrical generation by using renewable geothermal resources that range from just below the Earth’s surface to deep within the Earth. This geothermal resource is important because its production inside the Earth is constant and independent of the many natural, changing surface conditions that affect other renewable energy resources. Multiple studies of Texas geothermal resources have been completed. The Department of Energy funded geothermal research projects in the 1970s and 1980s as part of a geopressured-geothermal resources study for the Gulf Coast region. There are many reports on Texas geopressured-geothermal resources available at http://www.osti.gov . On a statewide scale, the Texas geothermal resource was initially investigated and mapped by Charles Woodruff, et al. (1982). The map they produced is still available through the University of Texas, Bureau of Economic Geology. As part of the Texas Renewable Energy Resource Assessment in 1995, Janet Valenza completed the Geothermal Assessment, Chapter 8. In 2006 the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Report: The Future of Geothermal Energy, Impact of Enhanced Geothermal Systems for the 21st Century was published describing all of the United States’ geothermal resources, including specific tables on resources for Texas. Recently, the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts released a report on energy in Texas, including a section on geothermal resources (May 2008). This chapter is an extension of these reports with the goal to update and augment the knowledge base of geothermal resources specifically in Texas.
Significance of Resource: Historical, Present and Future Uses
Geothermal energy can be defined by splitting it into its components, geo meaning ‘Earth’ and thermal meaning ‘heat’, making geothermal the heat within the Earth. Geothermal energy represents the natural, internal heat of the Earth that is stored within the rock and fluid. In this chapter, the “geothermal resource” is the energy from inside the Earth that is accessible for humans to use.
Most of the heat inside the Earth originates from the natural decay of radioactive elements. Through various thermal processes, this heat is slowly transferred to the surface of the Earth where it can be accessed to provide for various human needs. The Geo-Heat Center at the Oregon Institute of Technology ( http://geoheat.oit.edu ) devised a simplified geothermal classification system based on the temperature of the resource (Exhibit 7-1). This classification system defines geothermal energy in terms of temperature (low, moderate, and high temperature resources) and how the geothermal heat can be utilized. As Exhibit 7-1 indicates, geothermal energy has many uses besides the most well-known applications — electrical power production and geothermal heat pumps. For the purposes of this chapter, geothermal resources are divided into three main categories: Geothermal HVAC systems, Direct Use of heated water, and electrical power production.
Geothermal HVAC Systems. One of the simplest ways to make use of the geothermal resource is through Geothermal Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) systems for homes and buildings. It is also known as geothermal heat pumps (GHP), ground source or ground coupled heat pumps (GSHP or GCHP), or geoexchange systems. This application of geothermal resources in Texas can be used by anyone from the average homeowner to the large commercial developer for the heating and cooling of buildings. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), geothermal heat pumps are the most energy-efficient, environmentally clean, and cost-effective systems for temperature control. 2 , 5 From 2002 to 2006 there was a 71 percent increase in Geothermal HVAC system installations for residential applications in the United States. 4
There are three components to a Geothermal HVAC system: 1) the local soil and geological environment; 2) the thermal transfer exchange system, or “loop field;” and 3) the mechanical system or heat pump and the ventilation ducts inside the building. Most installations are done by small to medium sized mechanical engineering or HVAC companies who coordinate with the building contractor. Project coordination includes design of the loop system, a bore-hole drilling contractor, pump installation inside the building, and a ventilation contractor for the building. These systems have reduced maintenance costs because the equipment is typically inside the building and loops are below ground so they are not susceptible to vandalism or extremes in weather conditions.
Exhibit 7-1
Temperature-Based Classification of Geothermal Energy
Resource Temperature
Best Applications For Geothermal Heat*
Surface Temperature
(40°F to 80°F)
Geothermal HVAC systems for homes and buildings
Low Temperature
(70°F to 165°F)
Direct Use: agriculture and greenhouses, aquaculture (fish farming), mineral water spas and bath facilities, district water heating, soil warming, fruit & vegetable drying, concrete curing, food processing
Moderate Temperature
(165°F to 300°F)
Binary fluid generators for electrical production; Direct Use: absorption chillers, fabric dyeing, pulp and paper processing, lumber and cement drying, sugar evaporation
High Temperature
Electricity production, minerals recovery, hydrogen production, ethanol and biofuels production
*Uses of geothermal energy adapted from the Geothermal Education Office materials.
Once considered primarily a technology for the colder climates, geothermal heat pumps have advanced with improved system designs that are sized for both air conditioning and heating needs. These can work anywhere in Texas if the system is properly designed for the local climate. The geothermal heat pump uses a fluid loop to exchange the excess heat or cold inside the building with the upper few hundred feet of the Earth. Anyone who has gone underground into a natural cavern has experienced the constant temperature that exists within the subsurface. The temperature of the ground and/or groundwater from 10 to 50 feet (3–15 m) beneath the Earth’s surface remains relatively constant year round and is able to stabilize the inside air temperature changes from outside weather. In this depth range, the ground temperature in the Panhandle is as low as 54°F ± 2°F (12°C) and in South Texas it is as high as 78°F ± 2°F (25°C) (Exhibit 7-2). 6
Exhibit 7-2 6
Average Texas Surface Groundwater Temperatures, a subset of the U.S. map by Gasss, 1982.
View Exhibit 7-2: Average Texas Surface Groundwater Temperatures, a subset of the U.S. map by Gasss (1982), in Text Format.
By using the constant ground temperature as a starting point for additional cooling or heating of a building, less energy is used when compared to a conventional HVAC system which relies on heat transfer from outside air temperatures. Various studies by the Geothermal Heat Pump Consortium have shown that approximately 70 percent of the efficiency is derived by the Geothermal HVAC system through the ground loop fluids exchanging with the Earth. 5 These systems are referred to as an “offset” technology because of the reduction in electrical power production resulting from their installation. This can reduce monthly cooling and heating energy usage by 40 to 70 percent depending on the heat pump unit, energy efficiency of the building, and the local climate. 5 In addition to reduction in expenses for cooling and heating, excess heat may also be used to heat hot water tanks and swimming pools.
Direct Use of Geothermal Resources. The Geo-Heat Center at the Oregon Institute of Technology identified 271 cities and communities in the United States with access to water for Direct Use geothermal applications. Forty three of these communities are in Texas. 10 The geothermal resources in the low to moderate temperature range (shown in Exhibit 7-1 and Exhibit 7-3 — Central Texas Hydrothermal Zone) can be extracted from subsurface warm water and used in various industrial and commercial processes including commercial spa health facilities and therapy pools, greenhouses, aquaculture, various food processing facilities, and a host of other applications (Exhibit 7-1). Spent fluids from geothermal electric plants can also be collected and used again for other industrial applications in a “cascading” process.
Exhibit 7-3
Generalized geographic and geothermal location map. Wells locations shown by blue dots (less than 4000 feet) and black dots (greater than 4000 feet). High temperature resources are shown in yellow text and low to intermediate temperatures are in blue. Geologic features are highlighted in red. Map produced by the SMU Geothermal Laboratory.
View Exhibit 7-3: Generalized geographic and geothermal location map, in Text Format.
Developing the direct use of geothermal energy typically involves a production facility, a well and pump to bring the warm water to the surface, a mechanical system (piping, heat exchanger, controls, etc.) to deliver the heat to the processing space, and a disposal system in the form of an injection well or storage pond that receives the cooled geothermal fluid.
The following are types of Direct Use applications to focus on in Texas for development.
Community District Systems During the 19th century, hot water began to be used for local space heating applications in the United States. However, it wasn’t until the 20th century that more widespread use of geothermal heat became popular. District geothermal systems distribute hydrothermal water from one or more geothermal wells through a series of pipes to several houses and buildings, or to blocks of buildings. District heating can save consumers 30 to 50 percent of the cost of heating compared with natural gas. 7 The geothermal production well and distribution piping replace the fossil-fuel burning heat source of the traditional heating system.
Spa Health Facilities and Therapy Pools Warm water from hot mineral springs or shallow geothermal wells have been used by humans for bathing, soaking and recreation throughout history. Today’s spa facilities and therapy pools use warm water with methods similar to those used in ancient times as the primary means of health care and restorative recreation.
This past decade has seen a revival in the spa industry with 1 in 4 Americans having visited a spa and over 32 million active spa-goers worldwide. In 2006 there were 110 million spa visits generating $9.4 billion of revenue in the U.S. with an increase of 16 percent from 2005 to 2006. 8 Spa facilities and pools range from multi-million dollar resorts with luxury spas to reasonably priced public bathhouses and natural pools. The economic impact to communities is largely due to the draw of visitors into the area, with related expenses for food, lodging, and recreation needs as well as employment and housing for staff of the facilities. 9 Currently there are approximately 200,000 people employed in the U.S. Spa industry. In West Texas for example, at Chianti Hot Springs there are over 80,000 visitors annually. 8
Agribusiness Industry Direct use of geothermal resources has been well received within the agribusiness industry, with the two primary uses being greenhouses and aquaculture (fish farming). Geothermal water (100°F/38°C and above) has been used in at least 40 greenhouses since the late 1970s, in the western states. 10 Many of these facilities cover several acres, raising vegetables, flowers, houseplants, and tree seedlings. The DOE Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy program reports that greenhouse operators using geothermal resources estimate energy savings of about 80 percent compared to fuel costs for traditional energy sources. 7 Aquaculture ponds and ground heating to extend the growing season for specialty crops (85°F water and above) exist in 12 states. These Direct Use applications are usually in relatively rural settings due to the need for large amounts of land and can stimulate the economy for a rural area..
Geothermal Electric Generation Application. Electric power generation development using geothermal energy has been very active worldwide, with systems in the United States developed since the 1960s. Most of the focus and knowledge are on geological locations that are tectonically active, such as volcanoes, geyser fields, and hot springs in the western United States. These are areas where heat from within the Earth has reached sufficiently shallow depths to make the economics of heat recovery feasible for large scale power production. As of 2008, geothermal electricity is produced in California, Nevada, Utah, Idaho, Hawaii, Alaska, New Mexico, and Wyoming, with projects currently under development in Oregon. With increased research on Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS) by the U.S. Department of Energy and private companies, many other states, including Texas, are being considered for the development of geothermal energy production.
Depending on the technology used and the location, geothermal electric power can be generated using temperatures as low as 165°F (74°C) in Alaska, to approximately 200°F (93°C) in the Texas Gulf Coast region. The variation in useable temperatures is primarily due to the temperature differential needed between the surface cooling cycle and the hot fluid temperatures in the binary fluid turbine. These binary systems use a secondary fluid in a closed loop for the working fluid, which flashes to steam and turns a turbine. This allows the geothermal fluid that is lower than the boiling point of water to be used for heat extraction before being injected back into the ground.
Much of Texas has geothermal resources that are accessible for geothermal electrical production. The three primary resource areas are shown in Figure 8.2 as the conventional hydrothermal and Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS) of West Texas, the geopressured formations along the Gulf Coast, and the EGS of East to South Texas.
Development Issues for Texas: Special Considerations for Large-Scale Use
Each of the different types of geothermal development has preferred implementation areas in Texas. Geothermal HVAC systems have the most widely distributed potential for installation, with all regions of Texas being included. The most expensive places for installation are those with basement rock at the surface, such as the Hill Country and parts of North Texas due to the increased cost related to drilling boreholes instead of installing a horizontal loop field. The most immediate Direct Use application of geothermal resources is limited to the Balcones–Ouachita, Luling–Mexia–Talco Fault structures which form the northern and western boundary of the Texas Coastal Plain. Here the heated water is less than 4,000 ft (1.2 km) below the surface and is in certain places already being produced for community water supplies. 17 , 18 Use of this water can be as general as preheating of hot water for commercial buildings, or as focused as use in high-end spas. The concern about widespread development is the ability of the aquifers to sustain long term high flow rates. Since community water systems use these aquifers for drinking water, a constant supply is necessary. One way to reduce stress due to over development of the aquifers is to allow the thermal energy to be extracted initially then cascade the cooler water into a community water supply. This procedure would eliminate the existing need for cooling towers.
Generating electricity from Texas’ geothermal energy has increased the value of the resource because of the widespread potential for development and its minimal environmental impact. Geothermal power plants have additional considerations compared to the other geothermal resource categories because of size and resource demands. Below is a list of concerns that can be expected to be raised during project development, along with appropriate solutions.
The most common concern about geothermal power development relates to water: availability, quality, and disposal. Geothermal energy production requires large volumes of water (thousands of barrels per day) at temperatures in the range of 200°F (93°C) and above. Billions of barrels of water are currently being produced across Texas from oil and gas wells. This water is typically high in minerals and salt, and thus would contaminate surface waters and soil if disposed of at the surface, because of this the water is injected back into the subsurface. Similarly developed geothermal fields are a closed loop, where water is produced from one well, its heat extracted using a binary electrical unit, and then injected back into the ground. In this case the purpose is three fold: 1) reducing the potential for surface impacts, 2) extracting more heat from the system, and 3) preventing drawdown of fluids in the system. Thus reinjection prevents overproduction of the reservoir and extends the life of the power plant.
The surface environmental impact on an area with a geothermal power plant is limited to the plant, wells, and pipelines with the common concern being noise levels around the wellhead. Most of the areas favorable for geothermal electricity production have an existing infrastructure already built by the oil and gas industry; therefore, only limited additional impact is expected on-site.
Geothermal binary fluid turbines produce little to no air contaminants because of the closed loop working fluid design. In flash steam plants (not likely to be used in Texas) trace amounts of hydrogen sulfide, nitrous oxide, sulfur dioxide, and carbon dioxide may be emitted but only at levels less than present air emission standards. 16 Projects incorporating co-production or geopressure wells could produce small amounts of hydrocarbon condensates, which require appropriate handling when these resources are extracted from the fluid as regulated by the Texas Railroad Commission. The extracted hydrocarbons can be collected and sold or used as part of a preheating system.
Binary geothermal power plants can be air or water cooled. In areas with limited access to surface water, such as lakes or rivers, a forced air cooling tower is the recommended method for the cooling cycle of the binary system. Forced air cooled plants use no fresh water. 16
Geothermal resources have a competitive edge compared to some other renewable energy resources. Unlike electricity from wind and solar, geothermal is considered baseload capacity and is competitive with other baseload technologies such as coal and natural gas plants. Geothermal power projects can be located in major population centers or in rural communities and scaled to meet existing needs. For the oil and gas industry, it enhances the economics and increases the longevity of their oil and gas fields by decreasing the cost of water production.
Texas Geothermal Resources
The Texas geothermal resource is as extensive as the state is big. The entire state has geothermal resources that can be used by individuals, businesses, schools, and the government. The accessibility of the geothermal resource varies by geographic region and in some instances by county. One aspect of the geothermal resource that is fairly consistent throughout Texas is the Geothermal HVAC system resources. Although the ground level geologic setting will not be covered in this section, these systems are an important part of the geothermal economic package because they can reduce overall energy consumption in Texas by thousands of MW. The following section will detail the resources for Direct Use applications and electrical production from geothermal resources.
Texas Geothermal Resource Details
For a geothermal resource to be commercially viable, heat must be removed from the ground at a rate and a cost that returns a reasonable profit. The economics associated with accomplishing this depend on: 1) the quality of the resource, principally its temperature, depth, and fluid characteristics; and 2) the ease and rate with which geofluids can be extracted and then reinjected. These factors are a function of geology, i.e., rock type and layer thickness, porosity and permeability, and thermal history. First the resources related to Direct Use applications are discussed, then the deeper resources for geothermal electrical production.
Direct Use Geothermal Resources
Low to moderate temperature wells and springs have been in use in Texas for decades. 17 , 18 Shown in Exhibit 7-3, Texas has multiple major hydrothermal regions with the two most prominent ones discussed below — the Central Texas fault zones and Trans-Pecos region of far West Texas.
Central Texas. Central Texas has had a history of geothermal activity from springs and mineral waters which has supported over 50 spas since the late 1800s through today. The faults in the area allow for deep circulation of fluids that upwell along fractures bringing the heat to an accessible depth. They contain waters with acceptable temperatures, salinities, quantities, and drilling depths for many Direct Use geothermal projects (Exhibit 7-1). Springs such as San Pedro Springs, Comal Springs, San Marcos Springs, Barton Springs, and Salado Springs are found along the Balcones–Ouachita fault trend. Shallow aquifers (4,000 feet or less) along the Balcones–Ouachita structural trend have elevated temperatures reaching as high as 153°F (67.2°C) in Marlin. Some areas have artesian flow. Waco used to be named “Geyser City” because of this feature, although today with increased water consumption the water table has dropped and wells are no longer artesian. Beyond the main Balcones–Ouachita faults are other warm zones. To the east and north are the Luling–Mexia–Talco Faults which bring warm water to Bryan (117°F (47°C) at 3,000 ft (915 m)) and as far north as Paris (115°F (46°C) at 3,400 ft (1030 m)). On the western side of the Hill Country the Hickory aquifer, (with water of 130°F (54°C) from approximately 4,000 ft (1220 m)) is used for municipal water for communities such as Eden. In the Dallas County area the drinking water wells ranged in temperature from 106°F (41°C) at 2,600 ft to 135°F (57°C) at 4,000 ft and reported to be cooled before using. These areas are considered prime locations for geothermal Direct Use applications. The total resource stretches in a band from Val Verde County to Red River County and includes many of Texas’ major cities that currently spend resources to cool the water rather than using the excess heat (Exhibits 7-2 and 7-3). 17 , 18
Trans-Pecos, West Texas. Another area with significant geothermal potential is the tectonically active area of the Rio Grande Rift, an extensional zone that runs from Colorado to New Mexico and into Texas, near El Paso, and continues along the Rio Grande for over 300 miles to the Big Bend region (Exhibit 7-3). Igneous and sedimentary rocks both at the surface and deep within the structure have elevated the regional temperatures. 11 , 20 , 21 Along the Rio Grande floodplain are Indian Hot Springs, located in Hudspeth County, where geothermal fluids surface from a series of springs, the hottest is 117°F (47°C). Other springs are the Boquillas Hot Springs in Big Bend National Park and in the Chianti Mountains of West Texas; the Chianti Hot Springs has 110°F (43°C) geothermal waters. The area is known for its recharging ground water that circulates to a depth of over 3,400 ft (1030 m) creating known geothermal resources in the Presidio Bolson, Hueco Bolson, and the Big Bend area. This represents the best potential for conventional hydrothermal geothermal development in Texas and includes El Paso, Culberson, Hudspeth, Jeff Davis, Presidio, and Brewster Counties. 20 , 21
Geothermal Resources for Electrical Production
Geopressured Resources
A geopressured resource consists of highly pressurized hot brine, due to water trapped during the burial process. These resources often are saturated with methane and found in large, deep aquifers. Wells drilled into this resource flow pressurized to the surface. Water temperature can range from 190 to over 400°F (90–200°C). Three forms of energy are useable in geopressured wells: 1) thermal from the high temperatures, 2) hydraulic from the high fluid flow pressure, and 3) chemical from the dissolved methane in the fluids.
There are two parallel geopressured bands of very thick sand deposits that follow the Texas Gulf Coast line (Exhibit 7-3). These are in fact, layers or lenses of sands that were deposited by ancient delta systems, cut off from other water sources by subsidence and rapid burial. The weight of the impervious rock above the entrapped sand pockets, coupled with the decomposition of ancient organic matter into methane, resulted in high pressure zones. These are considered the most important resource of its type in the U.S. These rocks can be up to 50,000 feet thick (15 km), but more commonly are drilled to depths of 8,500 to 18,000 ft (2.6 to 6 km). 15
Because of their thickness and lateral extent, huge geopressured brine reservoirs exist within the deep, porous rocks of the Gulf Coast. Thick sandstone units within the Frio and Wilcox Formations contain prospective geothermal resource areas called fairways, with their large brine reservoirs. 22 , 23 Sands in the fairways can be several hundred feet thick with temperatures over 300°F (150°C) and relatively high permeability. In these geopressured zones, thermal gradients averaging 18°F/1,000 ft (30°C/km), coincide with geopressure gradients that approach 1 psi per foot (more than twice the hydrostatic gradient resulting from water pressure alone). 22
A U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) program that spanned from the 1970s to the mid 1990s culminated in a geopressure power plant in Brazoria County at Pleasant Bayou between 1989–1990 that produced one MW of electricity. 24 The production well was 16,500 ft (5 km) deep and sustained flow rates of 20,000 to 23,000 barrels of brine per day, with an average wellhead temperature of 268°F (131°C) and a gas content of 29 cubic feet per barrel. At this production rate (600 Mcf/day) the natural gas produced with the geopressured brine is roughly two and a half times higher than the average (230 Mcf/day) natural gas well in Texas. 25 The five-year geopressure well test revealed a large sandstone aquifer estimated to contain enough fluid for a three MW power plant to operate at least 10 years. 26
Other wells used in the DOE “Wells-of-Opportunity” program (oil and gas wells drilled by industry and used for short-term tests) revealed that the brine in Gulf Coast deposits contained natural gas in quantities close to saturation. Results showed that it is feasible to produce brine at rates of thousands of barrels per day and to inject the spent brine into relatively shallow saline aquifers for disposal without adverse environmental impact. 26
The temperatures prevailing within this large geopressure reservoir represent a significant amount of heat. It has been estimated that over 5,100 EJ are contained within the Texas sandstone deposits. 37 , 28 Uncertainties remain about the reservoir mechanics, particularly the capability of these aquifers to produce brine for extended periods of time, and the amount of energy recoverable. Models of conventional reservoir dynamics must be modified to account for the pressures prevailing in geopressurized zones and the system interconnectivity through faults. The hot brine temperatures (200 to 400°F (93–204°C) could be best used for binary cycle conversion power plants.
There are other, less studied geopressured reservoirs in Texas. The geopressured Delaware Basin of West Texas (Exhibit 7-3) extends from 8,000 ft to a depth of nearly 30,000 ft (2.4–9 km), with pressures of 0.65 to 0.94 psi/ft and temperatures from 140 to 400°F (60–200°C). 31 , 32 Recent funding by the DOE and SECO assisted in expanding existing data to over 5,000 wells and over 8,000 temperature-depth points for analysis as part of an investigation of the Delaware and part of the Val Verde Basins. 31 , 32 The counties included in this study are Ward, Loving, Winkler, Reeves, Pecos, Terrell, Crockett and Hudspeth. Analysis of the temperature data suggests there is complex variability in the thermal gradient throughout the region. Numerous strata from the Devonian 31 formation through the Ordovician Ellenberger formation show porosity and permeability sufficient for heat extraction for absorption chillers and electrical power generation.
A small fraction of the Anadarko Basin extends into the Panhandle of Texas from Oklahoma (Exhibit 7-3). The basin contains between 6,000 to 30,000 ft of sediment and has a fluid-pressure range of 0.52 to 0.85 psi/ft, and a temperature range from 140 to 425°F (60–220°C). 32 A recent geothermal investigation of South–Central U.S., including this basin, has been conducted by Negraru, Blackwell, and Erkan, (2008). 49
Coproduced and Stranded Resources
Within sedimentary basins, two distinct geothermal resource categories are found: coproduced and stranded. 31 , 32 Stranded geothermal resources are geothermal fluids left in an oil and gas field after the extraction of hydrocarbons is completed. Oil and gas companies try to avoid water production due to the additional expenses for separation and disposal. This resource estimate is included in the overall geopressure and Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS) estimates, but is unique in that it is a resource known in detail from drilling, but currently being avoided by oil and gas companies rather than developed. The use of horizontally drilled wells are specifically of interest in developing Texas geothermal resources, since their large intercepted area makes them good heat exchangers for EGS designs.
Coproduced fluids occur when oil and/or gas is pumped from a well along with hot water and economically extracting all of them at the same time. In these cases the well produces adequate hydrocarbon volumes for the well to remain economical with the additional expense of water disposal. In other instances, a well is drilled primarily for gas but the reservoir is water wet and the gas is dissolved in the water. Production of the gas results in excessive amounts of water. If the water is sufficiently hot (~200°F/93°C or more) and the flow volume is suitably high, then electric power can be produced. By developing electrical energy from these fluids, it extends the life of the well through the value added of the electricity.
Temperatures at 10,000 to 12,000 ft (3 to 3.7 km) have been calculated using uncorrected bottom-hole temperatures from oil and gas well logs (Exhibit 7-4). Actual temperatures in the ground are normally higher than the well log bottom-hole temperature because the circulation of drilling fluids cools the deep formations. The Permian Basin is the coldest region with temperatures starting at 120°F (49°C) at 10,000 feet (3 km). South Texas has the highest temperatures at 10,000 ft, reaching 282°F (138°C) (Figure 8.3). 36 At 12,000 ft (3.6 km) the South Texas uncorrected temperatures reach 318°F (159°C). The areas shown in yellow to brown are zones with the highest initial potential for stranded and coproduced geothermal resources.
McKenna et al. (2005) 34 point out that numerous states produce substantial amounts of water in conjunction with hydrocarbon production. In Texas, approximately 12 billion barrels of water (1 barrel equals 42 gallons) are produced and injected each year. If this coproduced water has temperatures of 212°F (100°C), then over 1,099 MW of electrical power could be generated from the heat extraction before the water is reinjected into the ground. 39 This is enough energy to power at least 275,000 homes.
Exhibit 7-4
Uncorrected temperatures of formations at 10,000 and 12,000 feet depth from oil and gas well logs. The maps were produced by the SMU Geothermal Laboratory.
View Exhibit 7-4: Uncorrected temperatures of formations at 10,000 and 12,000 feet depth from oil and gas well logs, in Text Format.
Enhanced Geothermal Systems Resource
The Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS), category represents geologic formations with limited quantities of water but with high temperatures that can be produced if a fluid is injected into the rock to act as a carrier for the heat. In the previous Texas Assessment (1994) Hot Dry Rock was discussed. This is now considered one aspect of EGS development. This resource is huge in comparison to other categories in Texas because it can utilize deeper resources and could be produced anywhere. The minimum EGS resource temperature usually starts at about 300°F (150°C) to be economically viable (Exhibit 7-4, Table 8.3). 39
The geothermal resource suitable for sustaining EGS technology is inferred from subsurface temperatures and rock types. Because of heat conducting from the Earth’s interior, subsurface temperatures increase with depth. Depending upon the conductivity of rock types, the composition of the Earth’s crust (conductivity and radioactivity), and the mantle heat flow, the temperatures at depth will vary (Exhibit 7-4). The basement rock of East Texas is considered the area with the highest heat flow in Texas (Blackwell and Richards, 2004). 12 Here the potential for EGS is the greatest, especially if combined with coproduction of oil and gas. The calculated temperatures of the basement rock in East Texas are 400°F (200°C) at 20,000 ft (6 km) (Negraru et al., 2008). 49
Oil and gas well drilling temperature records were used to calibrate the the available heat models for the most accessible EGS resources — 300°F (150°C) to 480°F (250°C) between 10,000 and 20,000 ft (3 to 6 km) in Texas. Even at just these depths the Texas EGS resource is immense reaching 90,000 EJ. The resource is listed as thermal energy because the conversion factor to electric energy varies with technology. To give perspective though of how much energy is available, using an average binary turbine conversion rate of 10% from thermal energy to electrical, and a very conservative availability rate of 0.2% there is still over 100 times more power capacity than the total Texas yearly electrical consumption. 1 , 39 , 49 Even modest utilization of this EGS resource could supply a large portion of the State’s energy and most likely do so on a permanent basis.
Exhibit 7-5 49
Geothermal Resource Base for Texas. The amount of heat is based entirely on temperature. Each depth shows the amount of thermal energy available for extraction from different temperature levels. Based on Table 3 of Negraru, Blackwell, and Erkan, 2008.
View Exhibit 7-5: Geothermal Resource Base for Texas (heat based on temperature), in Text Format.
Quantification of Resource Base
The thermal energy potential of each of the geothermal resources described above is summarized in Exhibit 7-6. These numbers represent the total thermal energy reserve of hydrothermal, geopressured, and EGS resources. The Texas geothermal resource values of Exhibit 7-6 are computed as the total thermal energy contained within the depth range of the resource as described above. In addition, accessible resource values are achieved by assuming an appropriate fraction of the total resource base according to technology, geologic setting, and current economic threshold. The following fractions are assumed: hydrothermal is 100 percent accessible, geopressured is 70 percent accessible, EGS uses the mid-range MIT value of 13 percent accessible, 38 and coproduced is about 25 percent accessible based on drilling records. 36
Table 7-6
Texas Geothermal Resources by category.
 
