Is geothermal energy perfect?
What is geothermal   energy? How do people exploit such resources?
Geothermal energy is the heat contained within the   earth. It is estimated that the temperature in the core of the   earth is at least 6650 o C. Yet, the earth is cooling   down very slowly: at the rate of 300 to 350 o C within   three billion years. There is 42X1012 W of heat in the   earth, of which 2% is in the crust and 98% in the mantle and   core. With today's technology, it would be impossible to access   the energy that reside too deep within the earth, but the 840 000   000 000 W (2%) of geothermal energy that is accessible is   sufficient for humans to use for a long period of   time. 1
Areas around the plate margins make for the best geothermal   energy extraction sites - that is because the crusts in those   areas are much thinner. There are two main methods of utilizing   geothermal energy: direct heat usage and electricity generation.   Direct heat usage is the most commonly used form because it is   the simplest. A reasonable comparison would be boiling eggs in   hot springs. Direct heat usage is very commonly used in some high   latitude places on plate boundaries like Iceland and Japan.   People consume the energy by exploiting wells deep into the earth   with water pipelines. The hot water from the pipelines is then   used for many purposes like melting ice on the road, greenhouse   warming, drying clothes, or maintaining the heating system in   residential areas. Generating electricity with geothermal energy   is similar to the direct use method. The only difference is that   the temperature requirement is a lot higher (> 150 o C) so that the steam can push the turbine to produce   electricity.
How is this alternative energy better than what we are using   now?
Geothermal energy is localized and no fuel is   required. This makes geothermal energy economical and eliminates   the chance of damaging the environment during transportation,   storage and usage. Also, the supply of geothermal energy is   continuous and will not be fluctuated by any political or   economical factors.
Is geothermal energy perfect?
Although the utilization of geothermal energy has   existed for more than a century, it has yet to be perfected. Many   environmental impacts take place during the building of a   geothermal plant. At the beginning of each project, roads and   working platforms have to be built so that exploratory and   production equipment can be brought in. These changes to the   environment can damage local plants and wildlife. Further, the   drilling process can also damage the environment, as the deep   well will unavoidably pass through some underground water bodies,   which the drilling fluid can contaminate. The increased   temperature of the area can kill life forms in the water.   Moreover, the disposal of mud bored out with the drill is a   potential environmental problem. Problems can continue to occur   when the plant is in operation. The geothermal fluid usually   contains gases and dissolved substances that can pollute the   environment. Some of them are carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide,   methane, sodium chloride (salt), boron, arsenic and mercury.   Likewise, if the plant is not maintained properly, hot wastewater   can leak into surrounding areas and damage the ecosystem (thermal   pollution.) 2
