23 Mar Mathias Geothermal 28 2
In this article you will find a list over the most important pros and cons of geothermal energy.
Note that this list is based on the two main ways we harness geothermal energy today: Electricity generation with geothermal power plants and geothermal heating and cooling systems.
 
Advantages of Geothermal Energy
1Environmentally Friendly
Geothermal energy is considered environmentally friendly. There are certain complications with harnessing geothermal energy (read about them in the disadvantages section), but these bear no weight compared to more conventional sources of energy such as coal and fossil fuels.
The carbon footprint of a geothermal power plant is minimal. Further developing geothermal resources are therefore considered to contribute to fight the climate crisis and global warming.
An average geothermal power plant releases the equivalent of 122 kg CO2 for every MWh of electricity it generates – One eight of a typical coal power plant.
 
2Renewable
Geothermal reservoirs come from natural resources that are naturally replenished. Geothermal energy is therefore a renewable energy source.
 
3Sustainable
Renewable sources of energy are also sustainable. In other words, geothermal energy is an energy resource that can sustain its consumption rate. Unlike more conventional resources such as coal and fossil fuels, the energy we harness from below the Earth’s surface will not run out any time soon.
Geothermal power station in Iceland
 
4Massive Potential
This is closely tied together with the fact that geothermal energy has a practically unlimited potential. Our energy consumption is not anywhere near the massive potential that is stored in the Earth.
Scientists believe our geothermal resources will outlast the Sun. In other words, we should be able to extract geothermal energy for several billion years into the future.
 
5Stable
Geothermal energy is a reliable source of energy. There are little to no fluctuations in the flow of energy. Geothermal power plants have a high capacity factor, unlike wind and solar, which are unreliable in comparison.
This means that the actual power output is very close to total installed capacity. Geothermal is an excellent candidate for supplying the base load energy.
The global average power output was 73% of total installed capacity in 2005, but as much as 96% has been demonstrated.
Snow monkeys enjoying life in a geothermal hot spring.
 
Disadvantages of Geothermal Energy
1Environmental Issues
There is an abundance of greenhouse gases below the surface of the Earth, which may mitigate towards the surface and be released into the atmosphere. There can also be traces of heavy metals such as mercury, arsenic and boron. The environmental issues with geothermal energy are far less critical than those of fossil fuels and coal.
 
2Surface Instability
Construction of geothermal power plants can affect the stability of the land. In fact, both in Germany and New Zealand, geothermal power plants have lead to subsidence (motion of the Earth’s surface).
Earthquakes can be triggered due to hydraulic fracturing, which is an important aspect of constructing enhanced geothermal system (EGS) power plants.
Just a couple of years ago (January 1997), the construction of a geothermal power plant in Switzerland triggered an earthquake with a magnitude of 3.4 on the Richter scale.
 
3Expensive
A commercial geothermal power project is expensive. Exploration and drilling for new resources carries a steep price tag. The costs usually end up somewhere around $2-7 million for a capacity of 1 MW. This is included drilling, which is accountable for over half of the expenses.
Not all resources can be extracted in a cost-effective manner, at least not with the current technology, subsidies and energy prices.
Initial cost of residential geothermal heating and cooling systems are also expensive. These systems can save you money years down the line, and should be looked upon as long-term investments.
 
The bottom line is this: Geothermal energy is environmentally friendly, cost effective, sustainable and a reliable source of energy. How much of an influence geothermal energy will have on our energy system in the future is dependent on technological advancements, energy prices and political interests (subsidies).
Start with  How Can We Use Geothermal Energy?  if you want to learn more about geothermal energy.
You might want compare this article to the rest of the pros and cons series:
