1970
The Geothermal Resources Council is formed to encourage development of geothermal resources worldwide.
The Geothermal Steam Act is enacted, which provides the Secretary of the Interior with the authority to lease public lands and other federal lands for geothermal exploration and development in an environmentally sound manner.
1971 - 1980
1972
The Geothermal Energy Association is formed. The association includes U.S. companies that develop geothermal resources worldwide for electrical power generation and direct-heat uses.
1973
The National Science Foundation becomes the lead agency for federal geothermal programs.
1974
The U.S. government enacts the Geothermal Energy Research, Development and Demonstration (RD&D) Act, instituting the Geothermal Loan Guaranty Program, which provides investment security to public and private sectors using developing technologies to exploit geothermal resources.
1975
The Energy Research and Development Administration (ERDA) is formed. The Division of Geothermal Energy takes over the RD&D program. The Geo-Heat Center is formed. The center, located at the Oregon Institute of Technology, disseminates information to potential users and conducts applied research on using low- to moderate-temperature geothermal resources. The U.S. Geological Survey releases the first national geothermal resource estimate and inventory.
1977
The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) is formed.
1978
The Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act (PURPA) is enacted. PURPA encourages the development of independent, nonutility cogeneration and small power projects by requiring electric utilities to interconnect with them. The act results in the development of several water-dominated resources.
Geothermal Food Processors, Inc., opens the first geothermal food-processing (crop-drying) plant in Brady Hot Springs, Nevada. The Loan Guaranty Program provides $3.5 million for the facility.
A hot dry rock geothermal facility is created and tested in Fenton Hill, New Mexico, with financial assistance from DOE. The facility generates electricity two years later, in 1980.
1979
The first electrical development of a water-dominated geothermal resource occurs, at the East Mesa field in the Imperial Valley in California. The plant is named for B.C. McCabe, the geothermal pioneer who, with his Magma Power Company, did field development work at several sites, including The Geysers.
DOE institutes funding of direct-use demonstration projects. Among the beneficiaries of this effort are several office buildings, district heating systems, and agribusinesses.
1980
TAD's Enterprises of Nevada pioneers the use of geothermal energy for the cooking, distilling, and drying processes associated with alcohol fuels production. UNOCAL builds the country's first flash plant, generating 10 MW at Brawley, California.
1981 - 1990
1981
With a supporting loan from DOE, Ormat successfully demonstrates binary technology in the Imperial Valley of California. This project establishes the technical feasibility of larger-scale commercial binary power plants. The project is so successful that Ormat repays the loan within a year.
The first electricity is generated from geothermal resources in Hawaii. The Department of Energy demonstrates the production of electricity from moderate temperature geothermal resources using binary technology at Raft River, ID.
1982
Economical electrical generation begins at California's Salton Sea geothermal field through the use of crystallizer-clarifier technology. The technology resulted from a government/industry effort to manage the high-salinity brines at the site.
1984
A 20-MW plant begins generating power at Utah's Roosevelt Hot Springs. Nevada's first geothermal electricity is generated when a 1.3-MW binary power plant begins operation.
The Heber dual-flash power plant goes online in the Imperial Valley of California with 50 MW.
1987
Geothermal fluids are used in the first geothermal-enhanced heap leaching project for gold recovery, near Round Mountain, Nevada.
1989
The world's first hybrid (organic Rankine/gas engine) geopressure-geothermal power plant begins operation at Pleasant Bayou, Texas, using both the heat and the methane of a geopressured resource.
