Silver State Dishing Out Golden Geothermal Power
Nevada is poised to lead in producing energy from geothermal heat sources in the entire US. Presently playing second fiddle to California, the day is not far off when it will overtake California in converting geothermal heat into electricity. Nevada is experiencing a rush of developers who have already companies producing power or with projects under development. Projects by people like Enel Green Power and Nevada Geothermal Power are fast putting the state on the road. Veterans and newbie's vie with each other to start production. View Comments
04Mar
Geothermal Energy: Intelligent Use Of The Earth’s Heat
Geothermal energy falls under the category of renewable energy source because the water is replenished by rainfall and the heat is continuously produced inside the earth. Geothermal energy is derived from heat within the earth. People can use the steam and hot water created inside the earth to heat buildings or produce electricity. Wondering what makes the water so hot? Geothermal energy is produced in the earth's core. View Comments
03Dec
Sierra Geothermal Power: CEO Interview
Living in Vancouver, where a lot of small mining companies have set up their headquarters, I was quite shocked to stumble upon a large number of geothermal energy companies located in the same amazing city. I set out to try to learn a little bit more about geothermal energy . After compiling some statistics I wasn't sure what to do next. The ground-breaking study by M.I.T. answered most, if not all, of the questions anyone had about the current state of geothermal energy, and its present and future impact. I was unsure what additional statistics needed to be published. View Comments
01Jan
Build a Solar Space Heater
Retired Aircraft Engineer Gary Reysa has published plans on how to build your own solar heating system. Complete plans and instructions are available online including detailed information about how the systems operates, how it performs and what costs are involved. The plans are complete with a list of necessary materials and some helpful construction tips on how to build and modify the project according to your home heating needs. The instructions detail how to assess your home's needs in order to determine what size solar panels your home will require. View Comments
30Oct
Green Steam Energy
Robert Green, an American Inventor, has developed a brand new technology which generates kinetic energy through the conversion of waste heat (as well as many other fuel sources). The Green Steam Engine is piston powered and designed for a wide assortment of practical applications. These steam engines are easy to build and can be used to power boats, electricity generators, air or water pumps, water distillers, heat pumps, air conditioners and a wide array of other small to medium sized appliances. How-To Plans and Components can be ordered directly through the Green Steam Engine website . View Comments
14Oct
Candle Powered Heater
A Northern California inventor has created an attractive tabletop heater that adds meaningful heat into home or office powered by a single candle. This functional and creative device consists of a multi-core steel and ceramic radiator suspended above the candle on an artistic naturally finished steel frame. The rising heat of the candle is captured and concentrated in the radiator assembly by a central solid steel core. After 20-30 minutes the outer ceramic surface radiates the captured thermal energy into home or office. » Source: Heat Stick View Comments
02Oct
Renewable Energy Prison in Nevada
APS Energy Services has begun construction on a large-scale renewable energy facility as part of the Northern Nevada Correctional Center 's plan to generate heat and electricity using forest waste products. A 30-kW solar photovoltaic system will be combined with a wood-fired biomass boiler. Wood chips from surrounding forest-thinning industries will be processed in a heat and power plant, which will generate electricity, steam and hot water for the facilities. The power plant will produce 8 million kW of electricity per year, allowing excess energy to be sold to Sierra Pacific Power Co . View Comments
