Tweet
About Geothermal Energy
There might be a lot of debate going on, but it certainly is one of the most affordable green energy solutions that exists. It works all year round and it can save lots on your energy bills. It is cheaper than solar and it is completely clean and sustainable. The best part of geothermal energy is that it can be used in all weather conditions.
 
No matter if it’s cold or hot outside the geothermal heat pump system always works (unlike solar panels for example where you actually need the sun to shine for the panels to produce anything). Geothermal systems require minimal maintenance and they are designed to work for decades. They can be scaled depending on the needs. It is a perfect solution for either residential or commercial use.
 
But what is geothermal energy anyway?
 
The word “geothermal” is of Greek origin, meaning “heat from the earth”. We mainly distinguish two types of geothermal energy. One is the heat that is generated from the magma of the earth, with the help of nuclear reactions. In the center of the earth temperatures are so hot (~7200 °F or ~4000 °C) that rock turns into liquid which then slowly flows towards the surface of the earth. On average, the temperature rises about 120 °F (~50 °C) with each mile (~1.6 km) towards the center of the earth. The other type of geothermal heat actually comes from the sun. The sun heats up the first few meters of the surface of our Earth and this can also be harnessed.
 
So what’s in it for me?
 
Geothermal energy is generally used for heating or cooling. It can produce heat during winter and cooling can be done with it during summer. It can also help to meet hot water needs of a household. Of course there are pros and cons of geothermal energy, but the advantages usually outweigh the disadvantages of geothermal energy .
 
Final thoughts
 
There is more and more talk about climate change and the search for renewables has never been such a hot topic as nowadays. With geothermal heat pump systems getting more affordable, more efficient, and more reliable geothermal energy is one of the most talked about green solutions out there. Although installing a geothermal heat pump system is usually more expensive than a regular system, the initial investment is likely to pay off in a couple of years time.
You migh also like:
