How Does Geothermal Energy Work
Geothermal energy is the heat available from the earth. Now this heat can come from two main sources. One, the heat coming from the sun and the other is heat coming from the center of the earth itself.Theoretically speaking the geothermal energy is enough to meet all the energy demands of humans. But this whole heating potential is not extractable.
Geothermal Energy Due to Sun
The top surface of the earth is baked by the sun during the day. The earth conducts this heat underneath the surface. The effect of this is more pronounced during the winters – when the temperatures a few meters underground are 10-15 degrees Celsius.
Geothermal Energy from the Earth’s Core
The other source of geothermal energy is the hot center of our earth. The center of the earth has very high temperature of up to 6000 Celsius. Places which are more prone to volcanic eruption are mostly suitable for extracting geothermal energy. The hot pools and geysers are other apparent forms of geothermal energy at our disposal. The geothermal energy from the center of earth can be extracted by digging for deep pipelines which will require more cost.
Comparison of the Two Sources
The geothermal energy due to absorption of heat from sun rays is more uniform and can be used anywhere. This heat is mostly used to warm up the homes in cold countries.
Different Scandinavian countries have employed methods which make use of this energy.  However the geothermal energy from the earth’s center is more useful when higher temperatures are required; for example, in generating steam for power plant usage.
Mechanism Employed
The water needs to be pumped for circulating through the pipes. This pumping cycle needs electricity or some mechanical power. However it is estimated that you get 2-3 degrees for using one degree equivalent power. This heat can be extracted by laying underground pipes and running water through them.
Applications
The water absorbs heat which can be used for different purposes after reaching the earth’s surface. This water can be directly used for floor heating using compressors. The water containing the geothermal energy needs less heat to boil. So this water is more economical in generating steam which in turn can be used for electricity or supplying hot water to buildings. As less fuel is consumed in heating this underground water so the drastic effects on environment can also be reduced.
Popular Articles This Week
Geothermal Power Plant Geothermal power plant uses geothermal energy to generate power and electricity. This is a natural energy...
Geo Thermal Energy Geothermal Energy is the most accessible  and cheapest energy but its benefits are unknown to many. According...
Advantages Of Geothermal Energy Geothermal energy is generated by drilling deep holes into the earths crust, and pumping cold water through...
Cost Of Geothermal Energy Word  “geothermal” comprises up of two words; “geo” means earth and “thermal”  stands for...
