Geothermal Energy
Quick Facts
Geothermal electricity generation is a commercially proven technology that exploits the inexhaustible heat of the earth’s core to continuously generate nearly zero-emission renewable electricity at a cost that is competitive with, and in many cases lower than, traditional fossil fuel power generation.
Geothermal energy is available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, avoiding problems of variability associated with other renewable technologies like wind and solar.
While it constitutes 13 percent of U.S. non-hydroelectric renewable electricity generation, geothermal energy currently provides less than 1 percent of total U.S. electricity and has grown at 3 percent annually over the last 10 years. [1]
Currently, nine states produce electricity from geothermal plants, with more than 80 percent of total geothermal generation capacity in California. [2]
While the United States currently has about 3,000 megawatts (MW) of geothermal electric generating capacity, the U.S. Geological Survey estimates the United States possesses 39,000 megawatts MW of geothermal potential, including identified resources and unidentified resources. [3] , [4] , [5]
Background
Geothermal energy can be used for electricity generation, heat pumps, or direct uses. This document focuses only on the traditional, commercially available technologies that produce electricity by exploiting the naturally occurring heat of the earth. Enhanced geothermal systems, which utilize advanced (often experimental) drilling and fluid injection techniques to augment and expand the availability of geothermal resources, are the subject of a separate factsheet (see Climate TechBook: Enhanced Geothermal Systems ).
Unlike other renewable energies, such as wind and solar, geothermal power generation can operate steadily nearly twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Continual production makes geothermal an ideal candidate for providing nearly zero-emission renewable baseload power.
In 2009, the 15.2 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh)  of geothermal electricity generated in the United States constituted 13 percent of the non-hydroelectric, renewable electricity generation, but only 0.4 percent of total electricity generation. [6] , [7] The same year, nine states generated electricity from geothermal energy (AK, CA, HI, ID, MT, NV, OR, UT, and WY), but California alone accounted for 83 percent of U.S. geothermal electric generating capacity. [8] Geothermal plays an important role in some of the states where it is installed. Geothermal facilities satisfy 4.5 percent of California’s electricity consumption and 2.1 percent of Hawaii’s. [9] , [10]
Despite its current limited application, geothermal energy has a very large potential for expansion; although, as Figure 1illustrates, most of the U.S. geothermal potential is in the western states. The U.S. Geological Survey estimates that current technologies could exploit nearly 40,000 MW of geothermal resources in America’s West, compared to a current U.S. electric generating capacity of roughly 1 million MW. [11]
Figure 1: Distribution of U.S. Geothermal Resources
Source: Green, B.D. and G. R. Nix, Geothermal: The Energy under Our Feet, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, November 2006. http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy07osti/40665.pdf
Description
Geothermal energy taps into the natural heat of the earth to produce electricity. More specifically, conventional geothermal energy draws on the earth’s hydrothermal resources (underground heated water and steam). After drilling into these reservoirs, geothermal plants extract heated water and steam from the earth’s crust to drive electricity-generating turbines, a process called “heat mining.” [12]
The various techniques currently used to produce geothermal energy include the following (see Figure 2for illustrations of these techniques):
Dry Steam
Dry steam plants draw steam directly from under the earth’s surface to a turbine that drives a generator. The steam then condenses into water and is reinjected into the geothermal reservoir.
Flash Steam
Flash steam plants extract geothermal water exceeding 350°F under extremely high pressure. Upon surfacing, a sudden reduction in pressure causes a portion of the heated water to vaporize, or “flash,” into steam. That steam turns a turbine, which drives a generator, after which the water is reinjected into the geothermal reservoir.
Binary Cycle
Binary cycle plants operate in areas with substantially lower-temperature geothermal water (225°F). Rather than using hydrothermal resources to drive a turbine, binary cycle uses the earth’s heated water to vaporize a “working fluid,” any fluid with a lower boiling point than water (e.g., iso-butane). The vaporized working fluid drives a turbine that powers a generator, while the extracted geothermal water is promptly reinjected into the reservoir without ever leaving its closed loop system.
Figure 2: The Three Most Common Techniques Used for Geothermal Electricity Generation
Source: U.S. Department of Energy. Geothermal Technology Program. Hydrothermal Power Systems. November, 2010. http://www1.eere.energy.gov/geothermal/powerplants.html
Geothermal energy also depends on advanced hard-rock drilling technology. While oil and gas drilling techniques apply to geothermal drilling, temperatures above 250°F found in geothermal reservoirs complicate the process. The high heat increases the probability of well failure due to collapse, mechanical malfunction, and casing failure. [13] , [14] Extensive research has gone into understanding the geological characteristics of geothermal reservoirs and how to adapt drilling technologies to these conditions. [15]
Environmental Benefit / Emission Reduction Potential
Environmental benefits from geothermal energy include near-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from plant operations and low freshwater use and contamination. Geothermal energy constitutes a source of electricity nearly free of GHG emissions. Traces of carbon dioxide (CO2) and other GHGs are found dissolved in some hydrothermal reservoirs. Using those hydrothermal resources with dry steam and flash steam geothermal plants does allow these dissolved GHGs to escape into the atmosphere. [16] Recorded GHG emissions from geothermal plants are minimal, though. [17] A geothermal plant will emit only 0 to 4 percent as much CO2 as a traditional coal-fueled power plant per unit of electricity generated. [18] Geothermal plants also emit significantly less conventional air pollutants (nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide and particulate matter) than coal power plants, as these emissions are virtually non-existent. [19]
A market-based policy to reduce GHG emissions and spur the deployment of clean energy technology could lead to much more rapid growth in geothermal electricity generation. For example, in its analysis of a 2010 GHG cap-and-trade proposal, EIA projected that, while geothermal would still constitute a small fraction of total U.S. electricity generation, geothermal electricity generation could grow more than twice as fast as without such a policy. [20]
Globally, the International Energy Agency (IEA) estimates that geothermal electricity generation provided about 0.3 percent of total electricity in 2008. With current policies, IEA projects that geothermal will provide only about 0.5 percent of global electricity by 2035, but with coordinated international action to address climate change and keep GHG emissions in the atmosphere to 450 parts per million, IEA projects that geothermal electricity generation could be twice as important an energy sources, providing more than 1 percent of global electricity generation by 2035. [21]
Cost
There are at least two categories of costs associated all types of electricity generation: capital costs and operating and maintenance costs. The capital cost for a geothermal plant can vary significantly depending upon the conversion technology, the depth of the wells, and the temperature of the hydrothermal resource. The capital cost of a geothermal plant can range from $1,600 to more than $5,000 per kilowatt (kW) of capacity. [22]
While the capital cost of a geothermal plant can be either comparable to or much higher than that of a traditional fossil fuel power plant, one must also look at the actual cost of generating electricity, which includes operation and maintenance costs. Unlike a coal or natural gas plant, geothermal facilities do not need to purchase fuel to generate electricity. Accounting for this fact through a levelized cost analysis reveals that geothermal plants can produce electricity for 5 to 11 cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh), including tax incentives, a rate competitive with traditional fossil fuel generation. [23] Depending on tax incentives, the U.S. Energy Information Administration also predicts the levelized cost of geothermal energy to remain below or competitive with these alternatives through 2020. [24]
With time, experts expect the cost of geothermal energy to drop as firms gain more experience with installing geothermal plants and as technology, especially drilling technology, improves. With the status quo, drilling an exploratory well costs $12 to $15 million. [25] The exploration and well drilling phase constitutes, on average, 36 percent of a geothermal plant’s total capital cost. [26] Thus, improvements in drilling techniques could significantly reduce the cost of constructing a geothermal plant.
Current geothermal plants have small capacities, typically ranging from 2MW to 45MW depending on the type of plant [27] , although plants with capacities up to 110MW do exist. [28] As experience improves and capacities expand, the price of producing geothermal energy could fall further if plants achieve economies of scale. [29] As plant capacity increases, the average cost of drilling and plant construction decreases and the electricity produced becomes less expensive, as seen in Table 1 and Table 2.
Table 1: Levelized cost of capital electricity
Initial Capital Investment
