Article Content
Introduction
The word geothermal comes from the Greek words geo (earth) and therme (heat). So, geothermal energy is heat from within the earth. We can recover this heat as steam or hot water and use it to heat buildings or generate electricity.
 
Geothermal energy is a renewable energy source because the heat is continuously produced inside the earth.
 
Naturally occurring large areas of hydrothermal resources are called geothermal reservoirs. Most geothermal reservoirs are deep underground with no visible clues showing above ground. But geothermal energy sometimes finds its way to the surface in the form of:
Volcanoes and fumaroles (holes where volcanic gases are released)
Hot springs
Most of the geothermal resources in the United States are found in the West:
 
To date, there has been no generation of electricity from geothermal sources within Oregon.
 
However, that will likely change by 2012 when U.S. Geothermal Inc., plans to bring online a 26 megawatt facility at  Neal Hot Springs  near the eastern Oregon town of Vale. Sometime in 2013 Nevada Geothermal expects to have a 30 megawatt plant operational at  Crump Geyser  near the tiny central Oregon town of Adel.
 
Resource uncertainty as well as high development and exploration costs are substantial barriers to development of geothermal sources for power production. The location of potential geothermal sources in environmentally sensitive areas has also been a barrier to siting geothermal power facilities in the state.
 
The city of  Klamath Falls  uses geothermal energy directly to supply heat for a district heating system. Geothermal sources in several other Oregon counties supply heat to buildings, swimming pools, resorts and for industrial uses.
Oregon Resources
The interactive GTILO map lets you view information on location, temperature, and other features of thermal springs and wells (geothermal exploration, geothermal test, and water wells) as well as known geothermal resource areas and direct-use areas.
 
This document includes general information on geothermal potential and uses in Oregon.
 
Geo-Heat Center
The Geo-Heat Center at Oregon Institute of Technology provides technical analysis for those actively involved in geothermal development. This assistance can be in the area of feasibility at the outset of a project, equipment and materials selection during the design phase or follow-up troubleshooting for operational systems.
 
This curriculum describes geothermal energy in the context of the world´s energy needs. It was created in 1994 by the Geothermal Education Office for the Oregon Department of Energy with the support of the Bonneville Power Administration.
Other Resources
Geothermal FAQs  and  fact sheet  from the U.S. Department of Energy.
 
The U.S. Department of Energy's Geothermal Technologies Program works in partnership with industry to establish geothermal energy as an economically competitive contributor to the nation's energy supply.
 
Geothermal Education Office
The Geothermal Education Office produces and distributes educational materials about geothermal energy to schools, educators, libraries, industry and the public. GEO collaborates frequently with education and energy organizations with common goals and responds to requests and questions from around the world.
 
This website was developed by Bob Lawrence and Associates, a private consulting firm, to help geothermal entrepreneurs develop geothermal direct use and small power generation projects.
Oregon.gov
