Contact Us
The time for Geothermal is now!
Tax rebates, incentive and green marketing make it the perfect time to invest in a renewable geothermal air conditioning system.
Searching For Geothermal?
Finding a qualifid geothermal expert can be a difficult challenge at best. We can assist you with finding a contractor who will be best suited for your project.
The Geothermal HVAC Authority!
Book 1 of a professional series dedicated to helping all understand the basic prinicple and theories of geothermal heating and cooling.
Egg Geothermal
The Experts on Geothermal HVAC
Consultants | Authors | Speakers
Egg Geothermal has been in the news for over 20 years showing the public how they can save money and the environment using Geothermal Heating and Cooling. This amazing technology takes advantage of the stable temperatures beneath your feet to provide energy efficient heating and air conditioning for your home or business all year round as well as an improvement to traditional pool heating.
Egg Geothermal Heating and Cooling Systems achieve Energy Efficiency Ratings in the 30's. When you consider the Return On Investment in energy savings (up to 50% or more) coupled with unprecedented tax credits, you can't afford to put your money any where else!.
Egg Geothermal heating and Cooling uses the Earth's constant temperature to achieve EER's (Energy Efficiency Ratings) well into in the 30's.  Most existing  systems in operation  today run  at a measly 13 SEER or lower. If saving money and going green is your goal geothermal systems can't be beat.
The heating Coefficient of Performance is approaching 5.  A 5 COP indicates that theEggGeothermal
Systems are producing 5 units of energy for every unit of electricity consumed.The other 4 come from the Earth.That's why this technology is "renewable".
What is Geothermal Air Conditioning?
Company Mission:
To provide a perfect solution to each customer's needs through can-do engineering, planning, implementation, and closure.
From residential new construction to massive commercial projects, ESI provides comprehensive HVAC services throughout Florida and Georgia. With more than a million square feet under contract, our professional office staff ensures that nothing is left to chance.
 
