DIY Geothermal Energy
Geothermal heat pumps use the relatively constant temperature of the ground or water several feet below the earth’s surface as a source of heating and cooling. In this instance, geothermal energy is not so much a producer of energy but an energy saver. And since a great deal of energy is consumed to heat or cool the average home, then this could be a very good option for you. When used either in conjunction with solar and wind power, or on its own, geothermal energy can easily save you thousands of dollars each year on your energy bills.
Almost everywhere, in the upper 10 feet of the Earth’s crust the temperature remains a relatively constant temperature of between 50 and 60 degrees f. A geothermal heat pump system basically consists of a system of closed loop pipes pipes buried in the shallow ground near a dwelling. It is important to understand that this type of ground source heating and cooling draws it’s energy from the shallow ground, (not deep underground) in spite of the name “geothermal”.
Closed loop geothermal heat pumps work by circulating a carrier fluid (usually a water/antifreeze mix) through pipes which are buried just below ground. As the fluid circulates underground it absorbs heat from the relatively constant temperature of the earth and, on its return, the now warmer fluid passes through the heat pump which uses electricity to extract the heat from the fluid. The re-chilled fluid is sent back through the ground thus continuing the cycle. Switching the direction of heat flow, the same system can be used to circulate the cooled water through the house for cooling in the summer months. The heat is exhausted to the same relatively cool soil rather than delivering it to the hot outside air (the way an air conditioner does). As a result, the heat is pumped across a smaller temperature difference and this leads to higher efficiency and lower energy use
Actually, geothermal is not the best name for this unit. A better name is ground-coupled heat pump or water-to-air heat pump. A heat pump doesn’t create heat, it just moves heat from one location to another using a compressor. Much in the same way that a window air conditioning unit blows cool air inside and ejects the hot air outside.
Installing a geothermal system is a labor intensive project, so the costs of installation can be high if you have a contractor doing all the work.  However, if you are able to do most of the work yourself, you can purchase a complete geothermal kit and  reduce these upfront costs considerably.
In summary, a geothermal system will provide you with good heating in the winter and excellent cooling properties in the summer, and by using much less energy than a conventional heating and cooling system. So an investment now will pay huge dividends down the road in the form of reduced heating and cooling bills.
Advantages of Geothermal Energy.
1) Clean. No pollution. 2) $$$. Saves Money. 3) $$$. Tax Breaks. 4) Nearly Maintenance Free. 5) Reliable.
Disadvantages of Geothermal Energy.
1) Upfront cost can be considerable. Unless you decide to do some, or all of the work yourself.
Where to find them.
