60+
Figure 11. Geothermal Gradient Contour Map of the       United States.
One question that commonly arises regarding geothermal energy is       whether or not it is a renewable resource. The answer hinges on how the       resource is developed. Certainly the heat within the earth, like the sun,       is limitless compared to human activity. However, the waters that are       tapped in geothermal development are finite. Hydrothermal (hot water)       aquifers will be diminished whenever water is withdrawn faster than it is       recharged. Overexploitation at some facilities in California, for example,       resulted in a lower than expected output. If water is reinjected into the       field after extracting heat (as is done in some locations), then the       resource may be said to be truly renewable. Otherwise, it is simply mined,       much as a petroleum reserve.
Areas with significant geothermal resource occur where the earth's       crust is relatively thin, such as along the boundaries of tectonic plates.       Geysers, hot springs, volcanoes, and seismic activity, all of which are       noticeably absent in Texas, mark such regions. In the U.S., the best       geothermal resources occur along the Pacific rim (California to Alaska)       and in Hawaii (see Figure 11). California has the largest geothermal       electric facilities in the nation, with about 1100 MWe, most concentrated       at the Geysers steam field in the northern part of that state.
The increase in temperature with depth below the ground is highest in       areas with volcanic and seismic activity. This map indicates Hot Dry Rock       potential.
A significant portion of the energy consumed in the United States       requires relatively low temperatures. Energy needed for space and water       heating, fish farming and greenhouse heating, enhanced oil recovery, and       desalinization can take advantage of low temperature hydrothermal       resources if such resources are present where the energy is consumed.
The Texas Resource
Texas does not possess any easily accessible field with the high       temperatures required for electric power generation. It does, however,       possess some low-temperature hydrothermal reserves that have seen limited       use. As shown in Figure 10, these resources occur mainly in two bands, one       that cuts a swath through the central part of the state, and a second that       borders the Rio Grande in the Trans-Pecos. Temperatures in the Central       Texas hydrothermal aquifers range from about 90° to 160°F at depths from       500 to 5,000 feet. Historically the waters have seen some application in       spas and therapeutic baths. Where waters are potable, a number of smaller       communities have tapped them for their municipal supply, without making       use of the heat. A recent project in Marlin, however, employed geohermal       well water to heat a local hospital. In the Trans-Pecos, thermal waters       have likewise supplied resort baths, with scant need for more extensive       development owing to the region's remoteness.
In addition to the state's low-temperature hydrothermal resource, large       zones of hot, highly pressurized fluids occur in deep strata under the       Gulf Coast. This so-called "geopressured-geothermal" resource       was studied extensively in the 1970's and 1980's and a test well was       operated by the Department of Energy at Pleasant Bayou near Houston.       Typically, geopressured zones are at depths on the order of 15,000 feet       and the fluid itself is a hot (about 300 deg. F), high-pressure brine with       methane dissolved in it. Interest in the resource is probably driven as       much by the potential methane recovery as by its geothermal character. To       date, development has not proven economical. Hot brine, however, may       someday be used in enhanced oil recovery schemes. Since the resource is       not renewable, it must be mined to be used.
A final, long-term geothermal energy prospect is the extraction of heat       from zones of "hot dry rock" (HDR). In the envisioned HDR       facility, high-pressure water injected underground at one point is       collected at a distance well after it has been heated by passing through       fractured, hot rock. The scheme is presently in its infancy. One study       suggested that Texas has moderately good resource in the eastern part of       the state (see Figure 10).
Value of the Texas Resource
Texas does not have the sort of readily accessible, high-temperature       hydrothermal resource that can be used to generate electricity. The       resource in the central part of the state can, however, have an impact in       low-temperature applications such as space heating or aquaculture. Several       municipalities that presently introduce warm aquifer water in drinking       supplies could capture beneficial heat with the addition of a heat       exchanger. The geopressured-geothermal resource will become more       attractive only in the context of higher energy prices. Hot dry rock's       potential value is presently unknown.
 
