GeoThermal Energy Installation in Tennessee
Call Today to request a free quote!
Have a question? Call us now 855-MCNUTT-4 (626-8884)
GeoThermal Systems
Geothermal systems tap into huge deposits of energy right in your own back yard.      The earth absorbs 47% of the suns rays in the form of thermal energy, more than 500 times what we can use.      During the heating season, a geothermal system has the ability to remove this energy from the earth at an efficiency around 400%      Geothermal is considered a renewable energy because it returns heat to the ground during the cooling season, renewing the earth for another cycle.      It provides year-round comfort to your home that is second to none. And it generates zero on-site emissions in the process, as well as the lowest overall emissions among traditional heating and cooling systems.
What is GeoThermal
Geothermal describes an energy derived from the heat of the earth. The earth is a huge energy storage device that absorbs more than 500 times more energy than mankind needs every year – clean, renewable energy.
In ancient times geothermal energy was limited to the “hot springs areas of the world.” Today’s geothermal energy is mainstream – heating and cooling homes or commercial buildings by using a Geothermal/Ground Source Heat pump connected to underground loop piping.
The EPA says GHPs (Ground Source Heat Pumps) are the most energy efficient, environmentally clean, and cost effective space conditioning systems available today.
McNutt Service Group Geothermal has been installing GeoThermal systems for over  10 years. We’ve partnered withdrilling companies to supply thousands of homes  with the earth’s renewable energy, saving money and decreasing carbon footprints  through geothermal energy systems.
We’re very excited about the future of geothermal in the Tennessee, Georgia,  North & South Carolina areas and would love to share our knowledge with you. Contact our geothermal installers to learn more!  Call us today! 855-626-8884
How GeoThermal Works
A geothermal system utilizes a series of underground polyethylene pipes called a ground loop to capture the earth’s free-heat source.
In Ohio, the ground below the frost line remains a constant 55 degrees year round. When it's five degrees outside its 55 degrees under the surface, geothermal systems take the heat it gathers during the heating season at an efficiency approaching 500% and returns it to the earth during the cooling season making geothermal heat pumps the most efficient heating systems available.
In the winter, a water solution circulating through pipes buried in the ground absorbs heat from the earth and carries it to the specialized geothermal furnace inside the home. This furnace concentrates the earth’s natural warmth and circulates it throughout the home through standard ductwork.
In the summer the process is reversed: heat is extracted from the air in the house and transferred through the furnace to the ground loop piping. The water solution in the ground loop then carries the excess heat back to the earth. The only external energy needed for the geothermal system is the small amount of electricity used to operate the ground loop pump fan and compressor. Confused?  We’d love to help you understand the process.  If you live in  Tennessee, Georgia, or the Carolina's and have questions about residential geothermal technology, contact the geothermal installers at  McNutt Geothermal for more info.
Will it work where I live?
The simple answer is most probably yes.  Many homeowners want a quiet, comfortable heating system that saves money and decreases their carbon footprint. If that's you, read on!
Geothermal energy is found in all 50 states and around the world.
Geothermal home heating systems can be installed in urban areas where townhouses and small lots are the norm as well as rural areas with lots of open space.
Geothermal furnaces are simple, quiet forced air units manufactured by different companies that can be installed in either new or existing homes and in most cases make use of existing duct work.
Each geothermal furnace unit needs to be connected to an underground loop field.  An average size residential, vertical loop can be installed in an area as small as 10x20 feet.  ** Of course, the area must be accessible to a drilling rig.
Geothermal furnaces typically replace existing gas or electric heat sources and provide 100% of heating and cooling but in some cases can be combined with existing systems to supply homes or businesses.
McNutt Geothermal specialists design geothermal systems to fit your specific  needs. We serve residential and commercial geothermal needs in Tennessee,  Georgia, and the Carolina's.
Benefits of GeoThermal
Financial savings: your heating and cooling bills drop immediately as much as 40-80%.
No noisy exterior or roof top air conditioning equipment to maintain and no ugly oil or propane tanks to disguise in your yard.
Increased home safety: no dangerous carbon monoxide or pilot lights.
A greener footprint, using sustainable renewable energy to green your home.
Year round comfort: minimal room temperature fluctuation, eliminates the drafty feeling you get from most fossil fuel furnaces. Geothermal systems provide an even comfortable temperature year round.
Virtually free hot water in the summer.
Very minimal system maintenance.
Quiet interior operation.
Geothermal energy from the earth is the only renewable energy available to you in all 50 states, 12 months a year.   Solar and wind energy are inconsistently available and depend on weather conditions, time of year and location. Other types of green energy in  Tennessee are obtainable and can be determined based on surrounding resources.
Environmental Benefits
Using geothermal energy from the ground is a great way to preserve the earth’s natural resources.
There are no carbon dioxide emissions from your furnace to contribute to global warming.
The EPA and Department of Energy recognizes residential geothermal technology as the most environmentally friendly way to heat & cool your home in  Tennessee and other states.
Geothermal systems already installed can collectively save more than 14 million barrels of oil every year.
Low electricity demand by geothermal systems help reduce peak electricity grid demand in your area.
Geothermal systems tap into an unlimited resource provided by the sun. Your backyard provides more than 500x the energy needed to run the geothermal system for your home every year.
McNutt Geothermal is thrilled to provide green opportunities for homeowners like you desiring to be environmentally responsible in their home heating and cooling choices. We have all of the geothermal information you need!
How Much will it cost?
Heating and cooling a home for a few hundred dollars a year as opposed to thousands is a fair statement when referring to residential geothermal installation.
As a rule of thumb, a geothermal heat pump costs about $2,500 per ton of capacity. The typical sized home would use a three-ton unit costing roughly $7,500. As you can see, the initial cost can be significantly higher than a gas furnace. Plus, you must add the cost of drilling the loop field to this amount – the cost of drilling a 3 ton loop generally starts around $6,000.
Before writing off geothermal as “not for me” and “unaffordable” consider this:  Most homeowners can expect to recoup their investment through lower utility bills in 4-8 years, and possibly sooner, due to the current 30% tax credit offered by the US government for geothermal equipment and loop installation. Many homeowners in  Tennessee, Georgia and the Carolinas have taken advantage of this geothermal tax credit.
30% Tax Savings example:  the taxpayer spending $15,000 to install a new geothermal heat pump and loop would get a $4,500 tax CREDIT (not a tax deduction) that can be used to offset both regular income taxes and alternative minimum taxes.
McNutt Service Geothermal believes that the systems we install are a sound investment in the future and would love to discuss the details with you. Contact our geothermal installers for more info!  855-626-8884
Need financing, we work with American General   Financial Services, who will be more than happy to help assist you. Please   click the link below to start!
Financing FAQ:
1. How does it work?
We value your time! The Financing Application is a two step process should take you less than 10 minutes to complete
2. What information do I need?
Name
Phone Number (required for primary borrower only)
Date of Birth
