pastanaga
Post 20
@browncoat - Another problem with geothermal energy is that it's usually found in places which are inherently unstable because of geothermal activity. A geothermal energy source is usually going to be around an earthquake fault, so there might be active volcanoes and boiling water pools and so forth, not to mention earthquakes.
Often the boiling pools are the first ways local people used the geothermal energy, for example, cooking in the pools.
But they can also be dangerous, not only as a physical hazard, but also raising the possibility of things like toxic gases.
It's a great way to get energy, as it's almost free once you've established a plant, but it does require caution.
browncoat
Post 19
@anon7287 - Unfortunately, it can be used up in a way, because of the method of extraction. Since we almost always use water to transmit the heat, either by using it in hot pools, or in the method described in the article.
While the geothermal energy might be relatively inexhaustible, the water generally isn't.
The same problem plagues any natural ground water source. There are just too many people and that water is drawn up more quickly than it can be replaced.
If the water disappears there's no way to get at the heat, whether or not it's still down in the ground.
It can also cause other problems. There are towns in the world where too much water has been drawn out leaving the ground unstable and vulnerable to sink holes.
Geothermal as an alternative energy source has its advantages, surely, but it also needs to be carefully managed in order to avoid problems like these.
anon77428
this article rocks my socks.
Related Topics
anon72875
Post 8
The heat cannot be used up because the earth continues to produce heat and doesn't ever stop. I hope that answered your question.
anon50259
cant the heat or steam be used up eventually, just like fossil fuel?
anon20774
Post 3
Probably either California or Iceland.  Geothermal accounts for 5% of California's energy, about 25% of Iceland's.  Since CA is much larger than Iceland, that probably makes CA the winner, though Iceland has plans to shift 100% of its power to renewable sources such as geothermal.  But Iceland has just 1% the population of California.
Related Topics
