Having power cuts???
Here’s why you should use Geothermal Energy
Geothermal Energy is the best energy to use. First of all it is environmentally friendly and it is also very reliable.
Geothermal Energy is generated in the Earth’s core. It is found about 4,000miles beneath the ground. Using pipes they suck out steam which then turns the turbine. This is basically Geothermal Energy.
Geothermal Energy is clean and safe for the environment. It is actually the safest. It has little or no harmful gases and gives out very little waste. Geothermal Energy also produces less ozone than various other sources of energy like fossil fuels, solar energy and so on. This is good because ozone is harmful to the ground but good for the atmosphere.
Geothermal Energy uses renewable energy, unlike fossil fuels which use coal and oil for its resource. Both coal and oil are non-renewable resources. Geothermal Energy uses the Earth’s core for its source and it can never run out. It is sustainable as it can be stored for a long time.
The Geothermal Power Plant is unaffected by weather changes. This keeps the Power Plant working continually. Hence there is an uninterrupted supply of power at all times.
Geothermal Energy is better than other forms of energy because it pollutes the least, does not use non-renewable resources like coal and oil and it is also kinder, cleaner and safer for the environment.
Mehaa Gupta
Geothermal energy in affective use
Are you at risk to run out of oil? Use geothermal energy instead of oil to make electricity.
Geothermal energy is steamed water (clean and sustainable) that comes from the earth’s surface. It is also generated in the earth’s core about 4000 miles below the surface. Most geothermal reservoirs of hot water are located in the western states, Alaska and Hawaii.
In order for electricity to work you need oil, but if oil prices go up or if oil is not being sold anymore. So then another way for electricity to be made is geothermal energy. Country’s that don’t have enough oil can just use geothermal energy for electricity to be made. If a country didn’t have geothermal energy then the consequences that country would face is that they wouldn’t have electricity at all.
Geothermal energy is very important because this is another way to make little electricity for people who don’t have oil. So now people can rely on something besides from oil only if country had geothermal energy.
By: Mavie Cruz
Geothermal Energy Tomorrow
You never know, in the future you might use electricity from Geothermal Energy.
In the future, The United States might change to become a cleaner environment, more sustainable energy system. The cost for the importation will be a lot cheaper. Even all the untouched geothermal resource could be developed. Geothermal Energy, and other renewable resources, will become more important as coal, oil, and other natural gases begin to run out.
Going into the circumstances around the world, the US are producing a high amount of Geothermal Energy, which will let them use 1/3 of it as electricity. In Ohaaki, New Zealand there are a few geothermal power plants. Possibly in the future the power plants might become common. As you probably know, Geysers are a very common tourist attraction. In the future it might be more than just a tourist attraction.
I think that this is important, because we can tell that in the future many countries will be producing their own Geothermal Energy, instead of importing it with a high cost. When more countries produce their own geothermal energy the cost for importing energy will be cheaper, due to the fact that not many countries will need it, except some African countries like Kenya etc. The best part is that, countries that are producing a lot of energy might be using a proportion for electricity.
Reporter: Sanam Godbole
Does Geothermal Energy Harm the Environment?
Geothermal Energy might be a little bit harmful, but we SHOULD still use it. The harmful things will be answered in this paragraph.
Geothermal Energy is important because we can use it. And if we use it, it would be easier than electricity. Electricity cost, nowadays, a lot of money and on day we might run out of it! So this is one of the reasons we should use geothermal energy.
A lot of countries in the world use geothermal energy. Some of the countries are Hawaii, Kenya, Italy, Canada, and Iceland. In Italy, Larerello Southern Tuscany there was the first Geothermal Power Plant invented in 1911 by UNKNOW PERSON. The first water used was water from baths. Now the water is natural.
Some people all ways ask, how does geothermal energy impact the environment society? That’s what I’m about to tell you. Geothermal Energy can effect the environment by, if they take to much water from the ground and don’t replace it, the land might shrink and sink. If the under ground gases can escape. The gases would smell very bad or pollute the earth. The noise pollution would be as loud as a jet aircraft take off when the gases are released from their tanks. Geothermal energy is important to me because we can help save the earth by this although it had some bad causes to itself.
Mimi Droeshout 5B.
