Hide
Welcome to the International Geothermal Association
The International Geothermal Association (IGA), founded in 1988, is a scientific, educational and cultural organization established to operate worldwide. It has more than 5,200 members in over 65 countries.
The IGA is a non-political, non-profit, non-governmental organization. The objectives of the IGA are to encourage research, the development and utilization of geothermal resources worldwide through the publication of scientific and technical information among the geothermal specialists, the business community, governmental representatives, UN organisations, civil society and the general public.
The IGA headquarters is located in Bochum, Germany at the International Geothermal Centre of the Bochum University of Applied Sciences.
IGA is a founding partner of the International Renewable Energy Alliance (REN Alliance). The REN Alliance is a close partnership of five globally operating renewable energy associations with the aim of promoting renewable energy sources worldwide. The work includes political dialogue and advisory on potentials and scenarios for renewables, sustainability assessments, carbon funds, policies and other related fields.
The other REN Alliance partners are the International Hydropower Association (IHA), the International Solar Energy Society (ISES), the World Bioenergy Association (WBA) and the World Wind Energy Association (WWEA).
 
New additions to the IGA Geothermal Conference Database
The online IGA Geothermal Conference Database incorporated 14 new articles corresponding to the Japan International Geothermal Symposium 2012. These articles are in Japanese and English.
Added: 2012-06-12
more »
Call for applications for IGA funds for educational events
IGA members who are considering holding short training courses in any aspect of geothermal energy can apply to the IGA for financial assistance to run the proposed courses.
Added: 2012-02-06
more »
Regional geothermal power plant maps produced
In December 2011 the IGA Secretariat produced three regional geothermal power plant maps (Central America, New Zealand, Indonesia/ Philippines) in cooperation with the International Geothermal Centre, Bochum.
Added: 2011-10-06
more »
Establishment of the IGA East African Regional Branch
During the IGA Board of Directors meeting on 18-19 November 2011, the Board approved the formation of the IGA East African Regional Branch. You may read the
