Where can I find a geothermal installer?
I’ve heard there are several types of Geothermal Heat Pump systems. Which one is right for me?
Most installations use open-loop systems, in which groundwater is pumped from a drilled well through a heat pump, which transfers heat into the building, and then most of the water is pumped back to the well. Closed-loop systems circulate a heat-transfer fluid through coils of buried tubing to move heat either to or from the ground.
Choosing a system appropriate for the physical characteristics of your property requires the design expertise of a GHP contractor, along with the advice of an unbiased energy professional. Efficiencyvermont.com
Follow these Department of Energy links to learn more about the different geothermal heat pump systems , the benefits of geothermal heat pump systems , and the types of site conditions each is suited for .
How can I calculate the cost of the system, and my energy savings?
GHPs save money, both in operating costs and maintenance costs. Investments can be recouped in as little as three years. There is a positive cash flow because the energy savings usually exceeds payment on the system.
The initial investment for a GHP system is greater than that of a conventional heating or cooling system. However, when you consider the operating costs of a geothermal heating, cooling, and water heating system, energy savings quickly offset the initial difference in purchase price.
Cost to install a geothermal heat pump system depends on the heat loss of the building. You can estimate that most installations in new homes will be 10-15 percent more than an equivalent heating/cooling system. This does not include the added costs for the outside work. Many utilities in the Northeast offer incentives to offset the costs to install geo. Look under your utilities Energy Star Home programs to see what is available. northeastgeo.com
A well-constructed 2,000 square foot home may typically require a four-ton geothermal heat pump system. Homes constructed to the Federal “Energy Star” ratings will usually require a smaller heat pump. A typical price range to purchase and install a geothermal heat pump system is widely variable. A standard water-to-air heat pump with ductwork may be in the $3,800 to $5,000 per ton range for the “inside” geothermal equipment, about the same cost as a fossil fuel based heating and air conditioning system. This range varies because of construction variables, e.g. ductwork, plumbing and electrical requirements. Duct and well costs may be the largest variables. Duct costs can vary by as much as +/- $1,000 per ton. If a domestic well is planned for the home, the differential cost for geo maybe small. If employing a “closed loop” earth coupling (not a well) or a dedicated geo well, the costs could be another $1,500 to $2,000 per ton. The “outside” (wells or closed loops) portion of the system is the usual higher geothermal cost factor. Other variables, such as homeowner’s aesthetics and unique comfort requirements can affect the installed costs. A typical heating and central cooling system can be budgeted, per standard costing guideline, at 6 ½ to 8 percent of the value of the home. A more costly, but maximum comfort, radiant floor system with summer fan coils driven by water-to-water geothermal heat pump has been termed “a comfort marriage made in heaven.” This type system can be in the $6,000 – $8,000 per ton or higher range. The numbers of individual zones drive the costs higher. www.igshpa.okstate.edu
Are geothermal systems hard to maintain?
Because GHP systems have relatively few moving parts, and because those parts are sheltered inside a building, they are durable and highly reliable. The underground piping often carries warranties of 25–50 years, and the heat pumps often last 20 years or more. Since they usually have no outdoor compressors, GHPs are not susceptible to vandalism. On the other hand, the components in the living space are easily accessible, which increases the convenience factor and helps ensure that the upkeep is done on a timely basis.
Because they have no outside condensing units like air conditioners, there’s no concern about noise outside the home. A two-speed GHP system is so quiet inside a house that users do not know it is operating: there are no telltale blasts of cold or hot air. www.energysavers.gov
How safe are geothermal systems?
GHP systems are safe and protected. With no exposed equipment outdoors, children or pets cannot injure themselves or damage exterior units. GHPs have no open flame, flammable fuel or potentially dangerous fuel storage tanks. www.igshpa.okstate.edu
What about comfort?
A GHP system moves warm air (90-105(F) throughout your home or business via standard ductwork. An even comfort level is created because the warm air is moved in slightly higher volumes and saturates the building with warmth more evenly. This helps even out hot or cold spots and eliminates the cold air blasts common with fossil fuel furnaces. www.igshpa.okstate.edu
What are the environmental benefits of geothermal systems?
Currently installed systems are making a huge difference in our environment! The systems are eliminating more than three million tons of carbon dioxide and are equivalent of taking 650,000 automobiles off the road. GHP systems conserve energy and, because they move heat that already exists rather than burning something to create heat, they reduce the amount of toxic emissions in the atmosphere. They use renewable energy from the sun, and because the system doesn’t rely on outside air, it keeps the air inside of buildings cleaner and free from pollens, outdoor pollutants, mold spores, and other allergens. www.energysavers.gov
Where can I find a geothermal installer?
The International Ground Source Heat Pump Association trains and accredits installers and designers. See their directory here .
