Consulting and installation for home-based geothermal systems
Training people for geothermal heat pump installations
Medium
Setting up medium scale geothermal plants
Setting up manufacturing plants for components and accessories for the geothermal energy industry
High
Setting up large-scale geothermal equipment and components manufacturing plants
Setting up large geothermal power plants or home-based geothermal installations
Involving in large-scale distribution of biofuels
Centralized grid-connected geothermal plants
Installing large-scale distributed (home or location-based) geothermal heat pumps
Small Scale Business Opportunities:
Consulting and installation for home-based geothermal systems
Training people for geothermal heat pump installations.
Medium Scale Business Opportunities:
Setting up medium scale geothermal plants
Setting up manufacturing plants for components and accessories for the geothermal energy industry.
Large Scale Business Opportunities:
Setting up large scale geothermal plants. There could be excellent business opportunities for businesses in some of the smaller countries located mostly in Africa, Central/South America, and the Pacific which have a high potential for geothermal but have not exploited it so far.
If R&D efforts into domains such as enhanced geothermal system are successful, they could result in many more regions around the world starting to invest in geothermal energy
Presenting the Geothermal Profits Report
While there is a large amount of data and inputs available online and offline about the geothermal energy industry, these inputs do not readily answer specific and practical questions that entrepreneurs who are just about to enter this industry have in mind. The objective of the Geothermal Energy Profits Report is to demystify the geothermal industry and provide precise and practical answers to the critical questions.
The report has been prepared after intensive research for over a year by a team of industry, scientific and market research experts. During the preparation, a large number of diverse data sources related to geothermal - both primary and secondary - were used. These included interviews with geothermal experts and consultants, data from high-end consultants, inputs from a number of seminars and conferences on geothermal, white papers, industry and research journals were used.
The Geothermal Profits Report provides strategic advice and numerous case studies on the prominent and emerging geothermal industry, and will be immensely useful for entrepreneurs, businesses and individuals who are keen on understanding the business case in the geothermal industry and devising an effective strategy for this exciting business segment.
What will you know after reading this report?
How can you personally and professionally benefit from this revolution?
How  have entrepreneurs been able to make a difference to the world while at the same time making profits?
How have small businesses become multi-billion dollar businesses within a decade by investing in geothermal energy?
How can you shift from working in your existing, standard industry into the industry of the future?
What immediate steps can you take so that you have made your first, productive moves in this direction?
Where should you look for advice and guidance for investing in geothermal energy stocks?
The Geothermal Profits Report provides precise insights and precise inputs for the following questions
How did the successful entrepreneurs succeed in this industry?
Does the geothermal energy industry have attractive small business opportunities?
What are the current and future trends in geothermal energy sources worldwide?
What are the segments in geothermal energy and sustainability industries that have the most attractive business potential?
What are the trends and new developments in geothermal energy technologies?
What are the investment trends and opportunities in geothermal energy and sustainability industries?
What segments of the geothermal energy industry are attractive for small scale investments?
What are the most significant problems or bottlenecks in geothermal energy business?
What steps should an entrepreneur take should she/he be interested in exploring further?
Unique topics on which you will find insights in the report
Information, insights and market research data are provided on a number of emerging trends in geothermal energy and sustainability, along with the business opportunities that they represent.
Geothermal
