Advantages of Geothermal Energy
Advantages of Geothermal Energy
There are many advantages of geothermal energy as it is essentially an unlimited source of natural energy from beneath the earth itself. Think of geothermal energy as having a small well of lava in your backyard – you can use this energy and heat to cook, for warmth, and for drying clothes.
In reality, it’s a little more complicated than that – the process of generating geothermal energy involves drilling deep holes into the earth’s crust and pumping water down them. The water is evaporated into steam by the heat, and rises up the shaft powering turbines, which generate electricity. Once the steam reaches the top, it is cooled again, and sent back down the shaft to be recycled and used again. As you can see, the process is extremely efficient and earth-friendly, results in many attractive advantages of geothermal energy (although it comes with a couple disadvantages too).
Advantages of Geothermal Energy
1. Much cheaper than Fossil Fuels
Taking advantage of geothermal energy will result in significant savings over fossil fuels (up to 80%), as there is no fuel required to generate the power.
2. Environmentally Friendly
Geothermal energy produces zero pollution and virtually gives off no greenhouse gases. It is a renewable source of energy, and helps reduce global warming and pollution.
3. Renewable Source of Energy
Unlike fossil fuels, geothermal energy is renewable. It is a constant energy source, and will never run out in the future. The costs will also never increase (as the energy source is found ubiquitous), and after installation costs, you will be using virtually free power (aside from costs of maintenance).
4. Reduces Global Reliance on Fossil Fuels
Another advantage of geothermal energy is that with global rises in oil prices, more and more countries are encouraging companies to adopt cleaner energy sources like geothermal energy, which reduces our reliance on carbon-based fossil fuels.
Disadvantages of Geothermal Energy
Of course all these pros also come with some cons. The biggest disadvantage of geothermal energy is it’s lack of widespread availability – although this is slowly beginning to change as geothermal energy becomes more and more popular.
These are the primary advantages of geothermal energy – if they are enough to justify your interest, you should check whether or not it’s available in your local area.
 
