Farm Energy Options >
Geothermal
Energy generated by the internal heat of the Earth can be harnessed to supply heat and other usable energy. Find information about geothermal technologies, ongoing research, policies and programs.
Geo-Heat Center
Oregon Institute of Technology.
Provides technical information to consultants, developers, potential users, and the public about direct heat utilization of geothermal energy including research papers, maps of geothermal resources and projects, case studies and a directory of consultants and equipment manufacturers.
DOE . Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.
Covers topics including geothermal power heat, ground-source heat pumps, and geothermal electricity production for consumer homes.
Geothermal Technologies Program
DOE . Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.
Covers topics including geothermal basics, educational resources, history of geothermal energy in the United States, geothermal resource maps and photos, geothermal uses and applications, production systems and equipment, research, exploration and drilling activities, laws and standards, industry associations, geothermal energy publications, current news and events.
DOE . National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
Provides an overview of geothermal technologies including direct use, electricity production and heat pumps.
California Energy Commission. Consumer Energy Center.
General information, diagrams, contacts and links covering power plants, heat pumps and direct use for geothermal energy.
Geothermal Energy
DOE . Idaho National Laboratory.
Provides an overview of several geothermal energy systems, publications, maps of geothermal energy resources for several Western States, analysis software, links to other organizations and contacts at government research facilities.
GeoExchange
Geothermal Heat Pump Consortium.
Basic questions and answers about geothermal energy for heating including downloadable videos, illustrations, brochures, case studies and fact sheets.
Farm Energy Options
