Geothermal Energy is the use of geothermal heat to generate electricity.
Geothermal comes from the Greek words geo,                      meaning earth, and therme,
meaning heat.Geothermal energy was first discovered at Larderello, Italy, in 1903.
By the end of 2005, geothermal energy was generating 9.3 GWs of electricity, with an additional 28 GW used for heating.                      If heat recovered by ground source heat pumps is included, geothermal energy is estimated at more than 100 GWt (gigawatts of thermal power) and is used in over 70 countries.In 2005 contracts were placed in the United States for an additional 0.5 GW of capacity, with a further 11 plants under construction in other countries.
Estimates of useable worldwide geothermal energy resources are varied. According to a study in 1999 ,
it was thought that this could amount to between 65 and 138 GW of electrical generation capacity.
We offer a number of Geothermal Energy Solutions for you to choose from.
Geothermal Energy
Although geothermal energy sites are capable of providing heat for many decades, after time, some may cool down.
It is likely that in these geothermal energy sites, the system for extracting the energy was designed too large,
since there is only so much energy that can be stored and replenished in a given volume of earth.
This could mean a specific geothermal location can undergo loss of heat or energy.
Although geothermal energy sites are capable of providing heat for many years, eventually they lose
their energy as the ground cools. The government of Iceland has stressed that the geothermal resource
is not strictly renewable in the long term as geothermal energy sites lose their heat in as the hydro
resource is a renewable energy .Iceland's geothermal energy could provide 1700 MW for over 100 years, with the current production running at 140 MW.
Geothermal energy is used in over 20 countries around the world with Iceland leading the way with
over 50% of its electricity from geothermal sources in 2006, which has big Energy Savings for residents.
The United States, Italy, France, New Zealand, Mexico, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Russia, the Philippines
along with Indonesia, the People's Republic of China and Japan all with geothermal energy resources.
Canada's government which has some 30,000 geothermal installations for providing heating to Canadian
residential and commercial buildings has tested a geothermal-electrical site in the Meager Mountain–Pebble
Creek area of British Columbia, where a 100 MW facility could be developed.
Contacting us
For information on any of our Geothermal Energy Systems or services                      call us on 1890 245 345 or                      please complete our
