 
 Chapter 11: Geothermal Energy
Geothermal Energy has been around for as long as the Earth has existed. "Geo" means earth, and "thermal" means heat. So, geothermal means earth-heat.
Have you ever cut a boiled egg in half? The egg is similar to how the earth looks like inside. The yellow yolk of the egg is like the core of the earth. The white part is the mantle of the earth. And the thin shell of the egg, that would have surrounded the boiled egg if you didn't peel it off, is like the earth's crust.
Below the crust of the earth, the top layer of the mantle is a hot liquid rock called magma. The crust of the earth floats on this liquid magma mantle. When magma breaks through the surface of the earth in a volcano, it is called lava.
For every 100 meters you go below ground, the temperature of the rock increases about 3 degrees Celsius. Or for every 328 feet below ground, the temperature increases 5.4 degrees Fahrenheit. So, if you went about 10,000 feet below ground, the temperature of the rock would be hot enough to boil water.
Deep under the surface, water sometimes makes its way close to the hot rock and turns into boiling hot water or into steam. The hot water can reach temperatures of more than 300 degrees Fahrenheit (148 degrees Celsius). This is hotter than boiling water (212 degrees F / 100 degrees C). It doesn't turn into steam because it is not in contact with the air.
When this hot water comes up through a crack in the earth, we call it a hot spring, like Emerald Pool at Yellowstone National Park pictured on the left. Or, it sometimes explodes into the air as a geyser, like Old Faithful Geyser pictured on the right.
About 10,000 years ago, Paleo-Indians used hot springs in North American for cooking. Areas around hot springs were neutral zones. Warriors of fighting tribes would bathe together in peace. Every major hot spring in the United States can be associated with Native American tribes. California hot springs, like at the Geysers in the Napa area, were important and sacred areas to tribes from that area.
In other places around the world, people used hot springs for rest and relaxation. The ancient Romans built elaborate buildings to enjoy hot baths, and the Japanese have enjoyed natural hot springs for centuries.
 Geothermal Today
Today, people use the geothermally heated hot water in swimming pools and in health spas. Or, the hot water from below the ground can warm buildings for growing plants, like in the green house on the right.
In San Bernardino, in Southern California, hot water from below ground is used to heat buildings during the winter. The hot water runs through miles of insulated pipes to dozens of public buildings. The City Hall, animal shelters, retirement homes, state agencies, a hotel and convention center are some of the buildings which are heated this way.
In the Country of Iceland, many of the buildings and even swimming pools in the capital of Reykjavik (RECK-yah-vick) and elsewhere are heated with geothermal hot water. The country has at least 25 active volcanoes and many hot springs and geysers.
 Geothermal Electricity
Hot water or steam from below ground can also be used to make electricity in a geothermal power plant.
In California, there are 14 areas where we use geothermal energy to make electricity. The red areas on the map show where there are known geothermal areas. Some are not used yet because the resource is too small, too isolated or the water temperatures are not hot enough to make electricity.
The main spots are:
The Geysers area north of San Francisco
In the northwest corner of the state near Lassen Volcanic National Park
In the Mammoth Lakes area - the site of a huge ancient volcano
In the Coso Hot Springs area in Inyo County
In the Imperial Valley in Southern California.
Some of the areas have so much steam and hot water that it can be used to generate electricity. Holes are drilled into the ground and pipes lowered into the hot water, like a drinking straw in a soda. The hot steam or water comes up through these pipes from below ground.
You can see the pipes running in front of the geothermal power plant in the picture. This power plant is Geysers Unit # 18 located in the Geysers Geothermal area of California.
A geothermal power plant is like in a regular power plant except that no fuel is burned to heat water into steam. The steam or hot water in a geothermal power plant is heated by the earth. It goes into a special turbine. The turbine blades spin and the shaft from the turbine is connected to a generator to make electricity. The steam then gets cooled off in a cooling tower.
The white "smoke" rising from the plants in the photograph above is not smoke. It is steam given off in the cooling process. The cooled water can then be pumped back below ground to be reheated by the earth.
Here's a cut-away showing the inside of the power plant. The hot water flows into turbine and out of the turbine. The turn turns the generator, and the electricity goes out to the transformer and then to the huge transmission wires that link the power plants to our homes, school and businesses. We learned about transmission lines in Chapter 7 .
California's geothermal power plants produce about one-half of the world's geothermally generated electricity. The geothermal power plants produce enough electricity for about two million homes.
 Geothermal / Ground Source Heat Pumps
Though it gets much hotter as we go deep below ground, the upper layer of the earth close to the surface is not very hot.
Almost everywhere across the entire planet, the upper 10 feet below ground level stays the same temperature, between 50 and 60 degrees Fahrenheit (10 and 16 degrees C). If you've ever been in a basement of a building or in a cavern below ground, the temperature of the area is almost always cool.
A geothermal or ground source heat pump system can use that constant temperature to heat or cool a building. Pipes are buried in the ground near the building. Inside these pipes a fluid, like the antifreeze in a car radiator, is circulated.
In winter, heat from the warmer ground goes through the heat exchanger of a heat pump, which sends warm air into the home or business. During hot weather, the process is reversed. Hot air from inside the building goes through the heat exchanger and the heat is passed into the relatively cooler ground. Heat removed during the summer can also be used to heat water.
For another FLASH "movie" about how ground source heat pumps work, go to the GeoExchange website at: http://www.ghpc.org/about/movie.htm.
Learn about Hydro Power in the next chapter.
