SMU’S GEOTHERMAL LABORATORY:
RESEARCHING CLEAN ENERGY BENEATH OUR FEET
SMU’s Geothermal Laboratory is renowned national resource for the    development of clean, green energy from the Earth’s heat.
The first Google.Org-funded geothermal mapping report confirms vast coast-to-coast clean energy source. Read more .
Historically, geothermal development has been restricted to areas    with    substantial tectonic activity or volcanism, such as The Geysers field in    California.  But sophisticated mapping of geothermal resources directed    by David Blackwell,    SMU’s Hamilton professor of Geothermal Studies, and    Maria Richards, director of SMU’s Geothermal Laboratory, makes it clear    that vast geothermal resources reachable through current technology    could replace and multiply the levels of energy currently produced in    the United States  - mostly by coal-fired power plants.
Three recent    technological developments are feeding increased geothermal development   in areas with little or no tectonic    activity or volcanism:
Low    Temperature Hydrothermal – Energy is produced from subsurface areas with    naturally occurring high fluid volumes at temperatures ranging from less    than boiling to 300°F (150°C). This approach is producing energy in    Alaska, Oregon, Idaho, and Utah.
  
Geopressure and Coproduced Fluids Geothermal – Oil and/or natural gas    are produced together with electricity generated from hot geothermal    fluids drawn from the same well. Systems are installed or being    installed in Wyoming, North Dakota, Utah, Louisiana, Mississippi and    Texas.
  
Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS) – Subsurface areas with low fluid    content but high temperatures are “enhanced” with injection of fluid and    other reservoir engineering techniques. EGS resources are typically    deeper than hydrothermal resources and represent the largest share of    total geothermal resources capable of supporting larger capacity power    plants.
SMU researchers have completed a national mapping project backed by    Google.org that makes it possible to access reliable geothermal data    (heat flow and temperature-at-depth information) culled from oil and gas    development all over the country.  Their mapping project already has    determined that there is potential for more electric generation from    geothermal sources in West Virginia than is currently being produced by    the state's mostly coal-fired generation plants.
This is a national energy story with a strong Texas base: Even before    SMU researchers completed their latest map, an assessment they produced    for the Texas State Energy Conservation Office confirmed the existence    of a vast, geothermal zone with enough heat    to supply Texas with clean, renewable, affordable electricity for    hundreds of years. 
SMU's Geothermal Lab hosted a conference  in mid-June 2011    aimed at convincing oil and gas producers to use the technology and    resources they already have to develop geothermal production. Many of    the same technologies that oil and gas companies pioneered for    retrieving natural gas from shale can be used to create steam from the    hot “dry” rocks found underneath that shale.
“Oil and gas related companies have an inherent advantage in developing    geothermal technology,” said Bruce Bullock, the director of SMU’s    Maguire Energy Institute, whose remarks opened the conference. “The heat    already is being generated in the form of produced waters associated    with oil and gas production.  Tapping that heat for electricity    production (that can be sold at a profit) can improve the economic life    of projects.  Oil and gas companies possess the skill sets, engineering    know how, and existing sources of thermal energy to develop significant    amounts of geothermal energy.”
# # #
