Geothermal Energy
 
Geothermal energy is considered to be a power source today as it is  a known energy source that can produce electricity. It is also a natural  resource, which also makes it a renewable energy source. This means that  the Earth does not have a finite supply of geothermal energy, but rather,  geothermal energy is renewable, and thus environmentally friendly.
As  its name implies, geothermal energy is energy that is obtained from a heat  source. In fact, the source of heat used is heat from the Earth itself. It is  obtained from a natural heat that is stored deep within the surface of the  Earth. Geothermal energy is  typically found near areas where volcanic activity has occurred, and it is this  heat that provides the geothermal energy. It is not relevant as to how recent  the activity has occurred, as geothermal energy is commonly found in areas that  have experience volcanic activity, whether that activity was recent, or decades  ago.
Geothermal  energy occurs in the form of hot rock, hot liquid, or in steam form. Wells are  drilled deep into the surface of the Earth to obtain the geothermal energy and bring the hot liquid or the steam to the  Earth’s surface. Generators are then used to convert the hot product into  electricity. The source of much of the heat is the slow decay of various  radioactive elements (including uranium) deep inside the earth. Sometimes hot springs are used to obtain geothermal energy, however,  there are not enough hot springs on Earth to  supply our needs, and many of the pre-existing hot springs have already run dry in a relatively  short period of time.
The  advantages of geothermal energy are clear:
It can be used to       replace fossil fuels in the production of electricity. This in turn       reduces the amount of pollutants effecting the environment and       contributing to global warming.
It is a renewable energy source that we will       not run out of - it does not require importing and it is present on the       Earth in large quantities.
Today,  geothermal energy has been successfully developed in New   Zealand and Iceland, and it is an excellent  source of free energy with no real environmental problems, there is no  pollution and no fuel costs.
You  might like to also visit our articles on Green Energy and Renewable Energy
 
