Installation of Geothermal Heat Pumps
Geothermal Energy Cons
The majority of this page outlines the positive benefits of geothermal enery.  However, very rarely do you get discussion about geothermal cons.  There's reason for this, and, for the most part it's do to a lack of true "cons" that point against the usage of geothermal energy.  Never the less, we're here to educate you so here are a few drawbacks to geothermal energy:
The disadvantages of geothermal energy are cost and the   amount of land required.
It can cost thousands to dig out the land and   lay the pipes necessary to build a geothermal energy sytem. Scale up the demand to a mega-geothermal project and costs are very high.  Land restrictions is the other more common geothermal energy problem, but with the advent of vertical loop configurations one can easily negate this argument.
Because of the initial costs and need for space, geothermal energy is often unfairly overlooked. In our opinion, it's a real disservice (it's a downright con!) to anyone not exploring geothermal energy (at any level: home, residential, commercial, etc...) because geothermal energy is truly the most cost-effective form of heating and cooling (we like to use the "pound-for-pound" phrase here) available. Don't beleive us? Just check your local gas prices.  Check your electric bill. You'll notice one common trend, they're only increasing in cost-to-you.
With a geothermal energy system, you can reduce those costs by 70% in the winter and 50% in the summer. This is so advantagous, even your local energy company is taking notice.  Some local energy companies will actually give you a discount (pay you back) for using a geothermal system!
Sure, the initial costs may be a bit hefty, but even today we're seeing geothermal energy system prices drop very quickly now that our local government is providing incentives for home owners and business to "go green" and technology is advancing.  And let us be honest, this is the first step in truly going green.  Changing a few lightbulbs is really "tree huggy" stuff to do, but if you're serious about going green, or more aptly put, keeping more green in your wallet, then consider a geothermal heat pump system for your home or business.
Heat Extraction (remove heat to produce cool)
While it may be difficult to explain the technology of extracting heat from air, water or ground, the concept is easier to comprehend once one understands the principles of heat extraction and heat exchange. Consider the following:
All matter   contains heat.   Zero degrees Kelvin/Rankine  (minus 273 degrees   Celsius/minus 460 degrees Farenheit) is absolute zero.   This is a   hypothetical,  but fairly well substantiated, theory.  There is nowhere   in the universe where absolute zero exists.   Temperatures in outer   space have been found to be approximately three degrees Kelvin, which   supports the theories developed by scientists.
Cold is the absence of heat.  Cold exists only in relative   terms, and plays no part in scientific theory.   While we all verbalize   such expressions as "It is cold out", to be technically correct we   should say "the heat level outside is ten degrees farenheit" (which,   admittedly, is pretty cold).
Heat always flows from higher temperature matter to lower   temperature matter by conduction (from molecule to molecule), by   convection (air currents) and by radiation (electro-magnetic waves).
Heat can be moved or "extracted" from one source and delivered to another  by various means such as "heat exchangers".
 
What is a Heat Pump?
A heat pump, as the name suggests, is a device that "pumps" heat from one  location to another.   The most popular heat pump is the air-source type (air-to-air), which operates in two basic modes:
As an   air-conditioner, a heat pump's indoor coil (heat exchanger) extracts   heat from the interior of a structure and pumps it to the coil in the   unit outside where it is discharged to the air outside (hence the term   air-to-air heat pump) and
As a heating device the heat pump's out door coil (heat   exchanger) extracts heat from the air outside and pumps it indoors where   it is discharged to the air inside.
The problem in   comprehending such technology is that it is difficult to understand how   heat extracted from ten degree air  (or water) can heat anything.     This is where the unit's compressor and the "phase-change" physical   properties of the refrigerant come into play: the compressor boosts the   extracted heat to a much higher temperature gas which gives up its heat   as it condenses to a liquid in the condensing coil and is distributed to   the structure by the fan or blower in the air-handler.
Differences between air-source and geothermal heat pumps
As with   air-to-air heat extraction technology, geothermal   (ground water/ground   source) technology utilizes a type of heat pump known as a geothermal   heat pump .  This type of  geothermal heat pump device extracts its heat   from the ground or water rather than from air (your typical a/c unit).  While the principles are fundamentally   similar, the methodology varies in that water or air is pumped through a   special type of heat exchanger and is either "chilled" by the   evaporating refrigerant (in the heating mode) or heated by the   condensing refrigerant (in the cooling mode).
Geothermal Heat Pumps
Why geothermal heat pumps are BETTER.
A  geothermal heat pump  or ground source heat pump (GSHP) is a central heating and/or cooling system that pumps heat to or from the ground. It uses the earth as a heat source (in the winter) or a heat sink (in the summer). This design takes advantage of the moderate temperatures in the ground to boost efficiency and reduce the operational costs of heating and cooling systems, and may be combined with solar heating to form a geosolar system with even greater efficiency. Geothermal heat pumps are also known by a variety of other names, includinggeoexchange, earth-coupled, earth energy or  water-source heat pumps . The engineering and scientific communities prefer the terms "geoexchange" or "ground source heat pumps" to avoid confusion with traditional geothermal power, which uses a high temperature heat source to generate electricity. Ground source heat pumps harvest a combination of geothermal power and heat from the sun when heating, but work against these heat sources when used for air conditioning.
Water stores   tremendous quantities of heat.  In nature, few substances have a higher   specific heat  (one BTU per pound) than does water, making it an ideal   heat storage medium for both natural and man-made phenomena.
Depending on latitude, the upper 3 metres (9.8 ft) of Earth's surface maintains a nearly constant temperature between 10 and 16°C (50 and 60°F). Like a refrigerator or air conditioner, these systems use a heat pump to force the transfer of heat from there. Geothermal heat pump systems can transfer heat from a cool space to a warm space, against the natural direction of flow, or they can enhance the natural flow of heat from a warm area to a cool one. The core of the heat pump is a loop of refrigerant pumped through a vapor-compression refrigeration cycle that moves heat. Heat pumps are always more efficient at heating than pure electric heaters, even when extracting heat from cold winter air. But unlike an air-source heat pump, which transfers heat to or from the outside air, a ground source heat pump exchanges heat with the ground. This is much more energy-efficient because underground temperatures are more stable than air temperatures through the year. Seasonal variations drop off with depth and disappear below seven meters due to thermal inertia. Like a cave, the shallow ground temperature is warmer than the air above during the winter and cooler than the air in the summer. A ground source heat pump extracts ground heat in the winter (for heating) and transfers heat back into the ground in the summer (for cooling). Some systems are designed to operate in one mode only, heating or cooling, depending on climate.
The geothermal pump systems reach fairly high efficiencies (300%-600%) on the coldest of winter nights, compared to 175%-250% for air-source heat pumps on cool days. Ground source heat pumps (GSHPs) are among the most energy efficient technologies for providing HVAC and water heating.
The setup costs for geothermal systems are higher than its more prevelant cousin; conventional air conditions systems, but the difference is usually returned in energy savings in 3 to 10 years. Geothermal system life is estimated at 25 years for inside components and 50+ years for the ground loop. 
What are loop configurations?
Open loop
In an open loop system (also called a groundwater heat pump), the secondary loop pumps natural water from a well or body of water into a heat exchanger inside the heat pump. Water stores tremendous quantities of heat. In nature, few substances have a higher specific heat (one BTU per pound) than does water, making it an ideal heat storage medium for both natural and man-made phenomena. Air, on the other hand has a very low specific heat (.018 BTU per cubic foot). There is 3472 times more heat stored in a cubic foot of water (62.5 BTU per degree F) as in a cubic foot of air . In other words it would be necessary to move 3472 cubic feet of air through a heat exchanger in an air-to-air heat pump in order to expose that heat exchanger to the same quantity of heat stored in a cubic foot of water (7 1/2 gallons) that is moved thru a geothermal heat pump.
While these differences are significant, there is more: the heat transfer characteristics of water make it superior to air. Conduction is more rapid, more complete, and more efficient a heat transfer phenomenon than convection. A ground-water heat pump extracting heat from water at freezing is approximately equal in performance to that of an air-source heat pump extracting heat from 60 degree air.
ASHRAE calls open loop systems groundwater heat pumps or surface water heat pumps, depending on the source. Heat is either extracted or added by the primary refrigerant loop, and the water is returned to a separate injection well, irrigation trench, tile field or body of water. The supply and return lines must be placed far enough apart to ensure thermal recharge of the source. Since the water chemistry is not controlled, the appliance may need to be protected from corrosion by using different metals in the heat exchanger and pump. Limescale may foul the system over time and require periodic acid cleaning. Also, as fouling decreases the flow of natural water, it becomes difficult for the heat pump to exchange building heat with the groundwater. If the water contains high levels of salt, minerals, iron bacteria or hydrogen sulfide, a closed loop system is usually preferable.
Deep lake water cooling uses a similar process with an open loop for air conditioning and cooling. Open loop systems using ground water are usually more efficient than closed systems because they are better coupled with ground temperatures. Closed loop systems, in comparison, have to transfer heat across extra layers of pipe wall and dirt.
Closed loop
A closed loop is one in which both ends of the loop's piping are closed. The water or other fluid is recirculated over and over and no new water is introduced to the loop. The heat is transferred thru the walls of the piping to or from the source, which could be ground, ground water, or surface water. As heat is extracted from the water in the loop the temperature of the loop falls and the heat from the source flows toward the loop. In closed loop operation water quality is not an issue because corrosives become rapidly "spent" or used up and corrosion caused by poor water quality is quickly curtailed. The wire-to-water efficiencies of circulators used in closed loop operation are very high and the costs of pumping the water are lower as compared to open loops. System efficiencies are somewhat lower in closed loop operation, but given the lower pumping costs associated with this method, economics  favor this approach.
Closed loop tubing can be installed horizontally as a loop field in trenches or vertically as a series of long U-shapes in wells (see below). The size of the loop field depends on the soil type and moisture content, the average ground temperature and the heat loss and or gain characteristics of the building being conditioned. A rough approximation of the initial soil temperature is the average daily temperature for the region.
While there are several loop configurations used in closed loop operation, generally several types of closed loops are utilized by the industry - pond, vertical , horizontal , and slinky .
Closed Pond Loop Configuration
A closed pond loop is not common because it depends on proximity to a body of water, where an open loop system is usually preferable. A pond loop may be advantageous where poor water quality precludes an open loop, or where the system heat load is small. A pond loop consists of coils of pipe similar to a slinky loop attached to a frame and located at the bottom of an appropriately sized pond or water source.
Advantages: Can require the least total pipe length and can be the least expensive of all closed-loop systems if a suitable water body is available.
Disadvantages: Submerged loops are likely to require more regulatory permitting than buried closed-loop systems; unless properly marked, can be damaged by boat anchoring.
Vertical Loop Configuration
In vertical loop installation, deep holes are bored into the ground and pipes with U-bends are inserted into the holes, the holes are grouted, the piping loops are manifolded together, brought into the structure and closed. The argument for this type of ground-loop heat exchanger is that because the piping is in the deeper ground - unaffected by surface temperatures - performance will be higher. Generally, installed costs are higher than with a horizontal loop.
Vertical loop fields are typically used when there is a limited area of land available. Bore holes are spaced at least 5–6 m apart and the depth depends on ground and building characteristics. For illustration, a detached house needing 10 kW (3 ton) of heating capacity might need three boreholes 80 to 110 m (260 to 360 ft) deep. (A ton of heat is 12,000 British thermal units per hour (BTU/h) or 3.5 kilowatts.) During the cooling season, the local temperature rise in the bore field is influenced most by the moisture travel in the soil. Reliable heat transfer models have been developed through sample bore holes as well as other tests.
Advantages: Requires less total pipe length than most other closed-loop systems; requires the least amount of land area; seasonal soil temperature swings are not a concern.
Disadvantages: Cost of drilling is usually higher than cost of horizontal trenching, and vertical-loop designs tend to be the most costly GHP systems; potential for long-term soil temperature changes if boreholes not spaced far enough apart.
Horizontal Loop Configuration
In horizontal loop installation, trenches are dug, usually by a backhoe or other trenching device, in some form of horizontal configuration. Various configurations of piping are installed in the trenches. A larger number of horizontal loop designs have been tried and utilized successfully by the industry. While installed costs have been lower, horizontial loops have been thought to be less efficient than vertical loops because of the effect of air temperatures near the surface of the ground.
Resistance to heat transfer Two significant factors need to be considered when designing and sizing a ground-loop: 1) Resistance of the heat source to heat transfer eg. ground, pond, lake, etc. and 2) Resistance of the pipe to heat tansfer. Of the two factors, pipe resistance is the dominant one. But, while little control can be exercised over source resistance, a great deal of influence can be exercised by the designer over the pipe resistance. Plastic pipes are generally poor conductors as compared with metal. Increasing the ratio of pipe surface area to trench length yields significant gains in loop performance.
Advantages:  Trenching costs for horizontal loops   usually are much lower than well-drilling costs for vertical   closed-loops, and there are more contractors with the appropriate   equipment; flexible installation options depending on type of digging   equipment (bulldozer, backhoe, or trencher) and number of pipe loops per   trench.
Disadvantages:  Largest land area requirement;   performance more affected by season, rainfall, and burial depth; drought   potential (low groundwater levels) must be considered in estimating   required pipe length, especially in sandy soils and elevated areas;   ground-loop piping can be damaged during trench backfill; longer pipe   lengths per ton than for vertical closed loops; antifreeze solution more   likely to be needed to handle winter soil temperatures.
Slinky Loop Configuration (Spiral Loop)
A variation on the horizontal loop is the spiral loop, commonly referred to as the "slinky."
The slinky  ground   loop, developed by the International Ground Source Heat Pump Association   (IGSHPA) represents a good compromise between performance and installed   costs.  The slinky can be laid out in two ways, depending on the width of the trench that holds the pipe coils. The horizontal slinky layout consists of piping unrolled in overlapping circular loops that are laid flat in trenches of approximately the same width as the coil diameters, typically 3 to 6 feet wide.
In the vertical slinky layout, coils stand upright in narrow trenches  that are deep enough to accomodate the coil diameter and a sufficient overburden so that the tops of the coils do not experience large seasonal temperature swings.
Slinky systems typically require 700 to 900 feet of piping per system ton, depending on soil properties and depth of burial. Depending on the coil pitch (overlap betweeen adjacent spirals), slinky installations can accommodate 80 to 120 feet of piping for every 10 feet of trench length. Slinky trenches typically are spaced about 12 feet apart. Overall, slinky systems require three to five times less land area than straight horizontal-loop systems, in the range of 500 to 800 square feet per ton.
Slinky coils are more prone to damage by backfill, and there also is a concern that careless backfilling could result in large voids around the slinky, particularly if the backfill material has large rocks or clods in it. Because air is a poor heat conductor, voids greatly reduce the loop's ability to exchange heat with the surrounding soil. To address these concerns, a flowable backfill has been developed, that can be dispensed directly into the trench by a mixer truck in the field, and this is described in the section below on ground loop installation procedures.
Advantages: Slinky loops equires less land area and less trenching than other horizontal-loop systems, and installation costs may be significantly less.
Disadvantages: Greater pumping energy needed than for straight horizontal-loops; backfilling the trench while ensuring that there are no voids around the pipe coils is difficult with certain types of soil, and even more so with upright coils in narrow trenches than with coils laid flat in wide trenches.
Thermal efficiency
The net thermal efficiency of a heat pump should take into account the efficiency of electricity generation and transmission, typically about 40%. Since a heat pump moves 3 to 5 times more heat energy than the electric energy it consumes, the total energy output is much greater than the input. This results in net thermal efficiencies greater than 100% for most electricity sources. Traditional combustion furnaces and electric heaters can never exceed 100% efficiency, but geothermal heat pumps provide extra energy by extracting it from the ground.
Geothermal heat pumps can reduce energy consumption— and corresponding air pollution emissions—upto 44% compared to air source heat pumps and up to 72% compared to electric resistance heating with standard air-conditioning equipment.
The dependence of net thermal efficiency on the electricity infrastructure tends to be an unnecessary complication for consumers and is not applicable to hydroelectric power, so performance of heat pumps is usually expressed as the ratio of heating output or heat removal to electricity input. Cooling performance is typically expressed in units of BTU/hr/watt as the Energy Efficiency Ratio, (EER) while heating performance is typically reduced to dimensionless units as the Coefficient of Performance. (COP) The conversion factor is 3.41 BTU/hr/watt. Performance is influenced by all components of the installed system, including the soil conditions, the ground-coupled heat exchanger, the heat pump appliance, and the building distribution, but is largely determined by the "lift" between the input temperature and the output temperature.
For the sake of comparing heat pump appliances to each other, independently from other system components, a few standard test conditions have been established by the American Refrigerant Institute (ARI) and more recently by the International Organization for Standardization. Standard ARI 330 ratings were intended for closed loop ground-source heat pumps, and assumes secondary loop water temperatures of 77°F for air conditioning and 32°F for heating. These temperatures are typical of installations in the northern USA. Standard ARI 325 ratings were intended for open loop ground-source heat pumps, and include two sets of ratings for groundwater temperatures of 50°F and 70°F. ARI 325 budgets more electricity for water pumping than ARI 330. Neither of these standards attempt to account for seasonal variations. Standard ARI 870 ratings are intended for direct exchange ground-source heat pumps.ASHRAE transitioned to ISO 13256-1 in 2001, which replaces ARI 320, 325 and 330. The new ISO standard produces slightly higher ratings because it no longer budgets any electricity for water pumps.
Efficient compressors, variable speed compressors and larger heat exchangers all contribute to heat pump efficiency. Residential geothermal heat pumps on the market today have standard COPs ranging from 2.4 to 5.0 and EERs ranging from 10.6 to 30. To qualify for an Energy Star label, heat pumps must meet certain minimum COP and EER ratings which depend on the ground heat exchanger type. For closed loop systems, the ISO 13256-1 heating COP must be 3.3 or greater and the cooling EER must be 14.1 or greater.
Actual installation conditions may produce better or worse efficiency than the standard test conditions. COP improves with a lower temperature difference between the input and output of the heat pump, so the stability of ground temperatures is important. If the loop field or water pump is undersized, the addition or removal of heat may push the ground temperature beyond standard test conditions, and performance will be degraded. Similarly, an undersized blower may allow the plenum coil to overheat and degrade performance.
Soil without artificial heat addition or subtraction and at depths of several meters or more remains at a relatively constant temperature year round. This temperature equates roughly to the average annual air-temperature of the chosen location, usually 7–12 °C (45–54 °F) at a depth of six meters in the northern USA. Because this temperature remains more constant than the air temperature throughout the seasons, geothermal heat pumps perform with far greater efficiency during extreme air temperatures than air conditioners and air-source heat pumps.
Standards ARI 210 and 240 define Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratio (SEER) and Heating Seasonal Performance Factors (HSPF) to account for the impact of seasonal variations on air source heat pumps. These numbers are normally not applicable and should not be compared to ground source heat pump ratings. However, Natural Resources Canada has adapted this approach to calculate typical seasonally adjusted HSPFs for ground-source heat pumps in Canada. The NRC HSPFs ranged from 8.7 to 12.8 BTU/hr/watt (2.6 to 3.8 in nondimensional factors, or 255% to 375% seasonal average electricity utilization efficiency) for the most populated regions of Canada. When combined with the thermal efficiency of electricity, this corresponds to net average thermal efficiencies of 100% to 150%.
Environmental impact
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has called ground source heat pumps the most energy-efficient, environmentally clean, and cost-effective space conditioning systems available. Heat pumps offer significant emission reductions potential, particularly where they are used for both heating and cooling and where the electricity is produced from renewable resources.
Ground-source heat pumps have unsurpassed thermal efficiencies and produce zero emissions locally, but their electricity supply almost always includes components with high greenhouse gas emissions. Their environmental impact therefore depends on the characteristics of the electricity supply. The GHG emissions savings from a heat pump over a conventional furnace can be calculated based on the following formula:
Annual greenhouse gas savings from using a ground source heat pump instead of a high-efficiency furnace in a detached residence
Country
