(52.3)
New ARRA Money For Geothermal
What led me to want to write about geothermal - arguably one of the alt energy categories that has been the least discussed recently - was the announcement last Wednesday of funds for geothermal under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
In fact, the pool of money announced was for both geothermal and solar , although geothermal caught my attention because I am working on a couple of geothermal mandates at the moment. Geothermal got $350 million, broken down as follows:
Demonstration projects ($140 million): This will go toward geothermal in unconventional settings, including: "geothermal energy production from oil and natural gas fields, geopressured fields, and low to moderate temperature geothermal resources." The first two areas are of special interest to me. I did a bit of work on what is called "geopressured geothermal", or the type of geothermal resource typically found in and around oil & gas (O&G) operations. This resource generally comes in the form of hot, methane-saturated brine that flows to the surface under its own pressure. The methane can be separated from the brine and used in power production along with the geothermal resource in a hybrid plant. Currently, the O&G industry considers this more of a nuisance than an asset, but things could change. The Gulf Coast area is estimated to have substantial geopressured geothermal potential, and the DOE even ran a pilot project in Texas in the late 80s . Although the pilot ran fine, it was estimated that this resource was not economical at the time due to low energy prices. We know now where that argument stands and how short-sighted it can be. There are no public companies that I know of that are currently active in geopressured geothermal development, but this is an area to watch closely in my opinion.
Enhanced geothermal systems technology R&D ($80 million): As discussed above, EGS is the next frontier in geothermal development. Because they allow for geothermal electricity production in HDR, EGS considerably expand the geographical scope of economical geothermal development; in fact, EGS could allow for geothermal electricity production in nearly every region. A 2006 MIT study concluded that, with investments in technology development of between $800 million to $1 billion over a 15 year period, EGS could be improved to allow for the economical construction of 100,000 MWe of capacity over a 50 year period in the US. This initial money takes us 8% to 10% there, and there have already been investments by the private sector (see the Google video at the end of this post.) Should these expenditure levels be maintained in the next four years, EGS would receive a strong boost.
Innovative exploration techniques ($100 million): This is described as: "Funding [that] will support projects that include exploration, siting, drilling, and characterization of a series of exploration wells utilizing innovative exploration techniques." Unlike #1 and #2, this should benefit the whole of the industry. As mentioned above and in Tom's article, drilling represents the apex of risk for geothermal investors and significant improvements here could remove a major barrier to further geothermal development.
National geothermal data system, resource assessment, and classification system ($30 million): This is described as follows: "To fully leverage new low-temperature, geopressured, co-production, and EGS technologies, DOE will support a nationwide assessment of geothermal resources, working through the USGS and other partners. Second, DOE will support the development of a nationwide data system to make resource data available to academia, researchers, and the private sector. Finally, DOE will support the development of a geothermal resource classification system for use in determining site potential." In my view, this will be beneficial mostly to the unconventional geothermal players such as EGS and geopressured.
Conclusion
There unfortunately is not a whole lot of near and medium term actionable material for public equity investors in the ARRA geothermal package presented by the administration. The financing environment will most likely continue to be difficult for early-stage geothermal companies, and lower prices for natural gas probably aren't helping its case. The immiment arrival of carbon trading in America could, however, provide tailwinds. 
The package does, however, give a significant boost to unconventional geothermal resources that had traditionally gotten little attention outside of energy geek circles. If maintained, this financial commitment could substantially shorten the time line for these resources to play a notable role in our energy mix. Opportunities for public equity investors could thus arise before long.     
A Vid On EGS With Steven Chu (now US Secretary of Energy)
 
Posted by Charles Morand at 11:56 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
August 17, 2008
U.S. Geothermal, Inc (AMEX: HTM)
US Geothermal, Inc. (AMEX: HTM ) ) is one of only two pure-play geothermal power companies traded on US exchanges.  The other is Ormat (NYSE: ORA ), a vertically integrated company widely considered to be the industry leader.  As baseload, extremely reliable power, Geothermal fits easily into utilities existing grids, making it a popular source of green power, especially with utilities uncomfortable with the intermittent and difficult to predict nature of wind and solar.  
Unlike wind and solar, the potential resource for geothermal power is quite small relative to electricity demand. At least until Enhanced Geothermal Systems (EGS) technology is commercialized, geothermal will remain a boutique form of electricity generation, producing less than 1% of our electricity supply.  In many ways, the prospects are like those for new hydropower development in the US : new large resources are unlikely to be developed, but there is a lot of potential for small projects.  Until last year, the relatively small potential for geothermal led the technology to be mostly ignored by investors.  Now geothermal is getting more of the attention it deserves as a rapidly growing (if still tiny) source of clean power.
The Portfolio Approach
I bought US Geothermal last year as part of a small portfolio of Geothermal exploration companies.  Others I bought around the same time were Sierra Geothermal (OTC: SRAGF , SRA.V ), Raser Technologies (RZ) , and Western GeoPower Corp ( WGPWF.PK , WGP.V ), which I added to previous holdings of Nevada Geothermal (OTC BB: NGLPF.OB, NGP.V ) and Ormat.  The group as a whole has performed well, although I have small losses in Sierra Geothermal and Western Geopower.   In general, I have not evaluated these companies in depth.  Understanding a geothermal exploration company is a lot like understanding other mining exploration companies.  To gain insight into their likely success or failure, one would have to delve into the underlying geology of their leases, something I lack the skills to do.  This is why I prefer to take a portfolio approach to the sector, which has so far been effective at protecting me from company specific risks.
US Geothermal
That said, I agreed I would look into HTM in more detail, and since their annual meeting is coming up, the annual report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008 was conveniently sitting in my inbox.  I find reading the annual report from cover to cover an excellent place to start when researching a company.  Here are my impressions:
The company has a handful of leases, at many stages of development, from Gerlach and Granite     Creek , exploration prospects, to Raft     River , which began producing power this year, but which they are     continuing to expand.  In between are Neal     Hot Springs , where they have what sounds like very     promising test results from their first well, and San     Emidio , a recently acquired older geothermal plant which they have plans     to upgrade and greatly expand (they recently received     drilling permits to start the expansion.)
The company seems to be following their stated     strategy of acquiring only leases where there is strong evidence of good     geothermal prospects.  Although all natural resource exploration is     risky, this should help to ameliorate the risks of exploration and     development.
The company will need a substantial amount of cash to follow their chosen     strategy.  This will probably come in the form of additional     private placements , and joint ventures to develop specific     projects.  The need to do additional private placements (where large     blocks of stock are sold at a discount to the market price) will likely keep     downward pressure on the stock price, which makes it likely that the share price     will not see the quick tripling it had last year.
The interest among utilities in geothermal power is remarkably strong, so     much so that they felt comfortable starting     over from scratch on the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) for the second     stage of their Raft River project.  Management exudes     confidence in their ability to negotiate favorable PPAs for future     generation.  This is a marked contrast to other renewable electricity     producers.  From my personal experience talking to wind, solar and     hydro developers, they typically feel mistreated by utilities which often     have the upper hand in negotiations for PPAs.
Overall, HTM seems as solid a company as could be expected from an early stage resource development company.  If you do want to venture beyond Ormat to buy a few geothermal exploration companies, HTM should be on your short list.  While it may not have the price growth potential of companies which do not yet have US listings , it is also relatively less risky due to the relatively high quality of the projects the company is pursuing.
Tom Konrad
DISCLOSURE: Tom Konrad and/or his clients have long positions in ORA, HTM, RZ, SRAGF, NGPLF, and WGPWF.
DISCLAIMER: The information and trades provided here and in the comments are for informational purposes only and are not a solicitation to buy or sell any of these securities. Investing involves substantial risk and you should evaluate your own risk levels before you make any investment. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Please take the time to read the full disclaimer here .
Posted by Tom Konrad at 03:46 PM | Permalink | Comments (2) | TrackBacks (3)
February 03, 2008
Ten Solid Clean Energy Companies to Buy on the Cheap: #10 United Technologies
Like most conglomerates, United Technologies Corporation (UTC) , (NYSE: UTX ) won't be found in any of the Clean Energy indices, but its growing portfolio of clean energy businesses makes it fit well into a diversified portfolio with a clean energy tilt .  A conservative capital structure and solid earnings and cash flow, and a decades long history of constantly increasing dividends make this a company that I'm comfortable holding for the long term.  
In terms of sustainability, the company has been recognized by Dow Jones as in the top 10% of the world's most sustainable companies.  Long before it became fashionable for companies to greenwash by reducing their environmental impacts, UTC pledged in 1996 to reduce their power and water usage by 25%, and they have met these goals while growing their business.  Their long track record of reducing their energy usage gives them a significant head start against rivals who have only recently jumped on the climate change bandwagon.
Of the company's eight major business units,  UTC Power and Carrier are both crucial to how we generate electricity and how we use it.  Carrier has a history of pushing for more stringent energy efficiency and environmental standards for air conditioning, a strategy which helps their business strategy since UTC's scale and research allow them to remain on the technological forefront.
UTC Power has a large portfolio of products which will help modernize our energy infrastructure.  They supply microturbines and Solid Oxide fuel cells , as well as integrated combined cooling, heating, and power products, which I feel are likely to become much more popular as more companies seek ways to lessen their environmental impact and energy bills at the same time.
With their PureCycle binary cycle turbine , UTC introduced the benefits of volume production to geothermal power by making slight modifications to an existing line of Carrier's industrial chillers which allow them to operate in reverse.  Raser Technologies ( RZ ) plans to use this technology in their aggressive plans to develop a large number of lower temperature geothermal resources throughout the Southwest.  According to a personal conversation I had with a Raser employee. UTC's ability to deliver the turbines quickly, and willingness to guarantee performance was key to Raser's selection of that technology in preference to rival products.
One other technology likely to be of great interest to clean energy investors is their molten salt storage technology , which provides a rare opportunity for a US-based public investor to participate in what I consider to be one of the most promising solar technologies: Concentrating Solar Thermal Power (CSP).  The thermal storage provided by molten salt gives CSP the potential to provide power on a dispatchable basis, allowing it to compete directly with expensive electricity from natural gas turbines.
Other divisions of UTC, such as the Sikorsky helicopter division, are major military suppliers, so traditional socially conscious investors may wish to avoid UTC.  On the other hand, the short supply of helicopters needed in modern warfare (as well a a large backlog in their Otis elevator division) have propelled strong earnings growth , while even relatively efficient air conditioners could not prevent Carrier from being hurt by the housing slowdown.  Such are the benefits of diversification.
At roughly $74, and a 17.3 P/E, UTX is not currently cheap.  I currently have only some out-of the money short puts on the company, but it's one that I intend to continue writing puts on until the stock falls and I'm assigned shares.
Click here for other articles in this series.
DISCLOSURE: Tom Konrad and/or his clients have long positions in UTX, RZ.
DISCLAIMER: The information and trades provided here are for informational purposes only and are not a solicitation to buy or sell any of these securities. Investing involves substantial risk and you should evaluate your own risk levels before you make any investment. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Please take the time to read the full disclaimer here .
Posted by Tom Konrad at 05:07 PM | Permalink | Comments (5) | TrackBacks (0)
January 01, 2008
Ten Alternative Energy Speculations for 2008: Geothermal, Wind and Wave, and Thin Film Hype
This article is a continuation of my Ten Alternative Energy Speculations for 2008, with picks #8, 9, and10 published last Thursday.   If you haven't already, please read the introduction to that article before buying any of the stock picks that follow.  These companies are likely to be highly volatile, and large positions are not appropriate for many investors.   My least risky picks are part of that same article linked to above; the moderately risky picks are here.   This article contains the most speculative three picks.
#3 Nevada Geothermal Power (OTCBB: NGLPF or Toronto: NGP.V ) US$1.29 or CAD$1.26
Geothermal first started catching investors' attention about six months ago.  I went into detail as to the reasons for its appeal, and the factors bringing it to investors' attention in this profile of Geothermal power in October.  
Since then, we have been given an added reason to appreciate Geothermal in the United States.  While the recent energy bill did not contain a national RPS, nor tax credits for renewables, it did give the geothermal community much of what they were asking for since it contained the "Advanced Geothermal Energy Research and Development Act of 2007." 
There are three ways to invest in geothermal power: through the technology, through existing plant operators, and through resource explorers and developers.  The provisions relating to Enhanced Geothermal Power and Co-production in oil fields should help technology and service providers such as Ormat (NYSE: ORA ) and United Technologies (NYSE: UTX ) over the long term, since they will help open up new opportunities for Geothermal.  Over the short term, which is what this article is about, I expect the "Industry-coupled drilling" provision will be most important, and help explorers and developers of conventional geothermal resources.
According to the Geothermal Energy Association , the Industry-coupled drilling provision "pairs the federal government with geothermal developers to reduce drilling risks and improve drilling precision."   Geothermal exploration and development is a very risky process, so government risk-sharing should greatly increase the value of Geothermal prospects by lowering the effective discount rate at which they are valued.  Coming as it does early in the development process, a reduction in risk could easily be worth more to a company which owns the rights to develop an undeveloped geothermal resource than the later boost to income that would come from a Production Tax Credit, even though the industry-coupled drilling provision is likely to cost the government far less than a Geothermal Production Tax Credit.
US-based geothermal developers are most likely to benefit from this provision.  These include US Geothermal (OTCBB: UGTH , GTH.TO ), Sierra Geothermal (OTC: SRAGF , SRA.V ),  Raser Technologies , (NYSEArca: RZ ), and Nevada Geothermal (OTC BB: NGLPF.OB , NGP.V )).  US Geothermal and Raser Tech are up over 3x from their 52 week lows, while Sierra and Nevada Geothermal are each up about 2x, although the Nevada Geothermal share price was stagnant for the previous two years, while Sierra Geothermal has been following a steady uptrend.
Comparing these last two with the least recent appreciation, Sierra Geothermal has many more early stage projects, while Nevada Geothermal has just four high quality projects nearer to production.  In fact, Nevada Geothermal owns Sierra Geothermal's most advanced project ( Pumpernickel ), and Sierra's exploration and development efforts will earn them at most a 50% share of the project.   This is only Nevada Geothermal's second most advanced project, after their wholly owned Blue Mountain project which is on track to begin producing electricity in 2009, and for which they have already completed a Power Purchase Agreement and an interconnection agreement with local utilities. Nevada Geothermal is currently funding development of its projects with loans from the likes of Geothermal specialist Glitner Bank and Morgan Stanley , while Sierra Geothermal is financing its exploration needs with dilutive private placements .
Because of the relatively small recent run-up for Nevada Geothermal, its strong financial position, and ownership of a late-stage project (as well as sufficient promising projects to keep them busy with development for many years to come), I see the most potential for robust returns in Nevada Geothermal among geothermal developers.   
#2 Finavera Renewables ( TSX:FVR or FNVRF.PK ) CAD$0.335 or US$0.3371
I chose to include Finavera in my Top Ten Speculations for 2008 for my own reasons, but AltEnergyStocks.com Editor Charles Morand has been following the company longer and more closely than I have myself, so I asked him to profile it.  You can read what he has to say about Finavera Renewables here or simply scroll down to the next post.
#1 First Solar (Nasdaq: FSLR ) $267
When I disclosed that I was short First Solar in the first installment of this series, I received an incredulous comment soon after the article was syndicated on Seeking Alpha: "OUCH!! You have a short position in FSLR? I hope it doesn't come back and bite you!"  I'm sure the commenter is not alone in his conviction that First Solar's rise will continue.  The fact that First Solar has risen so far so fast only because people like the commenter have been purchasing the shares like hotcakes all year.
Shorting is inherently more dangerous than being long, because in a long position you can not lose more than you initial investment.  Shorting a momentum stock, even when it is overvalued, can be especially risky, because momentum tends to be a self-fulfilling prophecy, with more investors becoming interested and driving the price up as they try to buy the stock.  For all those reasons, shorting First Solar deserves to be the #1 riskiest of my 10 speculations for 2008. 
Why did I decide to short at all?  What makes me think that 2008 will be the year that First Solar's bubble pops?
First Solar's valuation seems out of line because of an inherent limitation on their profitability.  Their solar panels are based on Cadmium-Telluride (CdTe) thin film technology, and Tellurium (Te) is one of the scarcest elements in the Earth's crust.  In 2006, First Solar's 60MW of production consumed 4% of the world's annual supply of the metal.  In 2008, analysts expect revenues of approximately 4x the 2006 number, meaning they will need approximately 16% of new annual Tellurium supplies.  PrimeStar Solar, a private company is using a recent infusion of capital from General Electric (NYSE: GE ) to quickly begin production of their own CdTe modules.  They do not disclose the timing of production "for competitive reasons," but their hiring and equipment orders speak of an aggressive schedule ; I expect they will begin production in 2008.  
With this much demand on short-term Tellurium supplies, we can expect continued price increases.  First Solar cannot set the price of their product in the market, because they will be in direct competition with conventional solar modules as will as thin film modules based on CIGS and amorphous silicon technologies.  With the failure of the US Congress to extend tax incentives for solar or to pass a renewable electricity standard, demand for solar panels may not continue to grow as robustly as it it has in recent years.  If anything, this should cause prices per watt to fall somewhat in 2008.
Ethanol producers were caught in a commodity squeeze this year by using 25% of the United States corn supply.  In contrast to First Solar, ethanol production has only been growing 20-25% a year, much slower than the demand for Tellurium from CdTe cells, and corn production was artificially sustained at an uneconomically high level before the advent of corn ethanol by farm subsidies.  Hence, I would expect a commodity squeeze for CdTe producers at a lower percentage of supply.  My 16% projection for 2008 does not seem out of line to trigger a commodity squeeze, which could cause First Solar to miss (or at least cease to beat) earnings estimates in the coming year.  Missing or just failing to exceed earnings estimates almost always leads to quick price drops for high multiple companies.  According to Yahoo!, First Solar's trailing P/E is about 195.
If First Solar produces 240MW of panels in 2008, and Te prices remain at $100/lb, as they were in 2006 , Tellurium cost alone would be $87 million [NOTE 3/8/08: I received a comment that I had lost a decimal in this calculation, with actual Te cost being only $8.7 million... don't take this as gospel, make sure to double-check if this makes a difference in your investment decision.], compared to First Call average estimated Revenues of $800M, and $146M estimated earnings.  I don't know what Tellurium prices were used in those estimated earnings, although I expect it was over $100/lb.  Whatever those estimates were, a $200/lb underestimate would completely wipe out earnings for 2008, and, as the oil price has shown us, even moderate increases in demand for a commodity with inelastic supply can create massive price rises.  What will new demand for Te rising from 4% of supply to 16% of supply in two years do to the price?
UPDATE 1/2/08: Ken Zweibel, President of PrimeStar Solar and former head of NREL's thin film partnership program, got back to me today on a research question for this article, now that the holidays are over.   He couldn't tell me much for strategic reasons, but did say that he isn't skeptical of First Solar's valuation, and "There is more Te from nontraditional sources than people are aware of."  I believe he is referring to Te from oceanic ridges , which I don't believe can be extracted in significant quantity within the next couple years, although a Tellurium price rise like the one I anticipate would lead to mining of oceanic ridges in the medium to long term.  Nevertheless, Ken is responsible for much of what we know about CdTe technology, so his comments should not be taken lightly, and there may be other nontraditional sources which can ramp up production more quickly. 
The other reason to believe that First Solar's meteoric rise might halt in 2008 has to do with investor sentiment.  An unscientific survey of sentiment among Seeking Alpha bloggers (myself excluded) has turned negative (as far as I can tell, only Andrew Ling is still writing positively about the stock), and the Tellurium problem is getting wide attention.  How long will it take the mainstream press to latch on to the Tellurium story?  It's impossible to say, and another run like last quarter could easily squeeze out the shorts.  
Taking this all into account, my short position is only about 0.1% of my portfolio, more of an intellectual experiment than a real bet.  As Keynes said, "The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent."   I wouldn't advise anyone to take a short position in FSLR so large that they could not sleep through another doubling of the stock price. 
If any play is for gamblers, this is it.  But cards are stacking up against First Solar.
Links: Picks #10,9,8 ; Picks #7,6,5,4 . Pick #2 Finavera Renewables
DISCLOSURE: Tom Konrad and/or his clients have long positions in UGTH, SRA, RZ,  NGP,  ORA, UTX, FNV, GE, and a short position in FSLR.
DISCLAIMER: The information and trades provided here are for informational purposes only and are not a solicitation to buy or sell any of these securities. Investing involves substantial risk and you should evaluate your own risk levels before you make any investment. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Please take the time to read the full disclaimer here .
Posted by Tom Konrad at 09:33 PM | Permalink | Comments (15) | TrackBacks (0)
October 21, 2007
Geothermal: The Other Base Load Power
Last Thursday and Friday I attended the Geopowering the West Investors' Forum in Montrose, CO (hosted by the Delta-Montrose Electric Association , Colorado's most progressive Rural Electric Cooperative.)  I've long been interested in geothermal stocks, and I first started adding them to managed portfolios in 2003.  As a whole, those stocks have more than doubled in the 1-4 years since they were purchased.
Fundamental Advantages of Geothermal Electricity
Why did I make those first purchases?  Geothermal power has some unique advantages over other forms of renewable energy.
Geothermal is base load     power .  Utilities have a strong preference     towards base load and dispatchable power generation (basically power which     is always on or power which they can turn on at will.)  In fact,     geothermal plants often have capacity factors 86-95%, well above traditional     base load generation such as coal.  So geothermal power is a premium     electricity because of its reliability.  Until a recent fire (not     caused by the geothermal facility) the plant     installed last year at Chena Hot Springs in Alaska, was running at 99.4%     availability. 
It is inexpensive.  Depending on the resource, the price of     geothermal power is comparable to that of wind power, new coal plants, or     biomass.  It is considerably less expensive than solar photovoltaic or     nuclear power, or the cost projections for "Clean Coal" otherwise     known as Internal Gasification Combined Cycle with carbon capture and sequestration.  Using numbers presented at the conference, a geothermal power plant will     cost $3-4 per rated watt, but produce about five times as much electricity     as a similarly rated (and more expensive) photoelectric panel because of the     much higher capacity factor.
Geothermal has a small environmental footprint.  Where solar and wind     farms gather energy over large areas, a geothermal plant gathers heat from     the hot rock or fluids below ground by means of one or a few wells.  Because of this, the footprint needs to be only the size of the turbines     which actually generate the power, smaller than the footprint of a coal     fired plant generating the same amount of power, without the the necessity     of coal mining and without significant emissions of carbon dioxide or other     pollutants.
In the later life of a geothermal plant, operations produce excellent     income streams. While the     plants often require refurbishment, with careful management geothermal     reservoirs need not degrade over time, and net margins often exceed 60%.
New Developments
Why are people only now starting to talk about geothermal power?
Geothermal     electric is not a new industry .  The first geothermal electric power     plant was built in the 1920s.  But now we have a maturing industry     seeing progress in new technology.  Not only can lower temperature     resources now be used, but United Technologies (NYSE: UTX) has recently     introduced a low temperature capable generator based on proven water chiller     technology.  This has the potential to rapidly increase the speed and     lower the cost of project development.
Energy Policy Act of 2005 changed the regulatory environment.  There     is a new commitment from national     government to simpler lease structures and royalty payments .
Current projects typically developed over a three year period, which is actually     quite quick when compared to typical 5 year lead times for coal     plants.
There exists an abundance of overlooked resources because of greater temperature     reach.  Historical studies assumed that electricity simply could not be     generated below 300 F, but new technologies can handle temperatures below     200F, which geometrically increases the number of sites with potential for     generation.
Was seen as relatively small potential until the MIT     Study which came out this year.  Enhanced (aka Engineered)     Geothermal Systems (EGS) hold out the promise that the extractable amount of     energy is not limited by the resource size or availability.   There is simply so much heat stored in the Earth's crust, that only extracting     a fraction of a percentage of it would allow us to meet our energy needs for     the foreseeable future.  While EGS holds out promise, the technologies     needed still require significant research.  From an investor's     perspective, more concerned with the prospects for the next ten years than     the next fifty years, EGS is much more important for the interest it     generates in geothermal than it is for investment opportunities.   Nevertheless, in terms of meeting our long term energy needs, I expect Enhanced     Geothermal Systems to be a much cheaper and simpler solution than Carbon     Sequestration from Coal plants.
Geothermal     as oil co-product .  Many existing oil wells also bring up sizeable     quantities of water at temperatures sufficient to run small binary cycle     turbines.  While this resource at any one oil well is likely to be     small (less than a megawatt), aggregating all the wells in a large oil field     could produce significant power at low cost given that the costs of     exploration and exploratory drilling need not be paid for by the geothermal     electricity generated. 
Tricks of the Trade
What does a geothermal investor need to watch out for?
Exploration risks. Prospecting for geothermal resources using remote     sensing and surface sampling is useful for defining the drilling target, but     does not significantly reduce the risk of not finding a resource sufficient to produce power.  This is in distinct contrast     with oil prospecting, where prospecting significantly reduces risk.
Risks to resources currently in use.  Attendees were treated to a     Jeep tour through the geothermal history of the town of Ouray .  Over twenty years ago, the city started a series of test wells around the     town with the hope of finding enough geothermal hot water for a district     heating system , and to keep their Hot     Springs Pool open year round.   All did not go as planned, and     three of the owners of springs around the city filed lawsuits against the     city charging that the city's drilling had reduced their flows.  The     parties settled, but the city was forced to discontinue drilling.  While the city of Ouray officials did not admit to decreasing flow rates of     other pools, after listening to both sides, I think the owners of the     springs had real grievances (and the courts seemed to agree with that assessment.)
Unexpected effects of new technology.  One large potential     problem is induced     seismicity [MS Word document] when trying to stimulate reservoirs in hot     dry rock for EGS.   One reason for an investor to consider geothermal     development companies rather than geothermal equipment suppliers is that a     company with a known geothermal resource will generally benefit from the     evolution of technology, while a technology supplier could easily lose     market share to competitors.
A geothermal resource developer must be able to connect to the grid.  No matter how hot the resource nor how close it is to the surface, the     developer must be able to connect to the electric grid at a point where     there is sufficient available capacity to sell the electricity.  The     ability to negotiate a Power Purchase Agreement with a local utility having     a respectable credit rating will also enable the developer to gain access to     financing on more favorable terms.
Ownership of geothermal resources is legally complex.  As the City of     Ouray found in the dispute mentioned above, unless an owner has put a resource in use, they may find that     a court of law will not uphold their ownership of that resource.
Many     of the future resources to be developed are likely to be "blind."  That is, there is no surface indication of the     hot rock below.  Exploration for such resources is likely to be more lengthy     and costly than past exploration. 
As with any industry, quality management and personnel will be able to     find opportunity in a crisis, while less able teams will be unable to     exploit all the opportunities available.
Skill in managing geothermal reservoirs is essential.  Pumping a     reservoir too quickly or reinjection of cool fluids in the wrong place can     greatly reduce the production from geothermal reservoirs.
Except when the developer plans to use less efficient and more expensive     air cooling, the availability of low temperature cooling water in sufficient     quantities will be necessary to generate electricity.  
Companies
Here is a short list of interesting companies involved in geothermal power production and some reasons you may want to consider them for investment.
Ormat (NYSE: ORA ).  Ormat is the granddaddy of geothermal stocks.  A vertically integrated     company, they not only explore and develop their own resources, they also     will contract to manage resources for other developers (such as US     Geothermal's Raft River project ).  Their long history and current profitability gives them the safest pure-play geothermal     stock available.  They are experts with binary cycle turbines and     reservoir management, as well as applying their binary cycle technology to waste     heat recovery as well as a concentrating solar power experiment .
United Technologies (NYSE: UTX )     is not really a geothermal company at all, but I include them because of     their recent innovation in producing low temperature binary cycle turbines     on an assembly line basis, using an adaptation of their industrial chiller     technology, for     which they recently won a R&D 100 award.   While this may never     become a significant part of UTX's bottom line, it is likely to change the     economics of geothermal development for the better.  I also expect to     see the PureCycle     turbine applied to a myriad of waste heat applications, quite possibly     more than to geothermal.
Raser Technologies , (NYSEArca: RZ ), Nevada Geothermal (OTC BB: NGLPF.OB , NGP.V ) , US Geothermal (OTCBB: UGTH , GTH.TO ), Sierra Geothermal (OTC: SRAGF , SRA.V ), Polaris Geothermal ( PGTHF.PK ),     and Western GeoPower Corp ( WGPWF.PK , WGP.V ) are geothermal     developers.  I find it very difficult to determine which will succeed     and which will fail, and so prefer to own a little of each, buying when I     feel the stocks are relatively inexpensive from a technical analysis     standpoint.  Raser is not a pure geothermal developer; they also     develop high performance electric motor technology which is interesting to     me, but the synergies are far from obvious.)   
Geothermal has long been an underappreciated renewable energy technology.  That seems to be changing, which will be an excellent thing both for our hope of moving to a less carbon-intensive economy, and for early investors in the sector.
DISCLOSURE: Tom Konrad and/or his clients have positions in the following stocks mentioned here: ORA, RZ, NGLPF, UGTH.
DISCLAIMER: The information and trades provided here are for informational purposes only and are not a solicitation to buy or sell any of these securities. Investing involves substantial risk and you should evaluate your own risk levels before you make any investment. Past results are not an indication of future performance. Please take the time to read the full disclaimer here .
 
Posted by Tom Konrad at 10:48 PM | Permalink | Comments (8) | TrackBacks (4)
May 16, 2006
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. Commences Blue Mountain Development Drilling
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) announced that it has initiated development drilling at Blue Mountain Nevada. Production test data from the wells will be used to complete a feasibility study for an initial 30 MW geothermal power plant.
In the initial program, four 13-inch diameter production wells will be drilled to 4000 feet (1200 metres) into the moderate temperature (300-330 degrees C) geothermal resource intersected in previous test holes. Permits have been obtained and drill pads are under construction. A water well rig will be used to drill the top 800 feet of each well and to set surface casing. A production drilling rig with a substructure to accommodate blow-out-prevention-equipment will then complete the holes to total depth. A suitable rig has been identified and is expected to be on site by the end of May. NGP expects to complete initial development drilling over the next six months. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:31 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
May 04, 2006
Ormat Technologies Increases Ownership Position-in Zunil Geothermal Project in Guatemala
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) announced that an Ormat subsidiary signed an agreement to purchase from CDC Group plc., a 14.09% partnership interest (13.67% on a fully diluted basis) in Orzunil I de Electricidad, Limitada (Orzunil), which owns the Zunil Geothermal Project in Guatemala. CDC Group's investment in this project has been managed by Globeleq, an emerging markets power company.
As a result of this acquisition, Ormat's annual net income from the Zunil project is expected to increase by approximately $0.6 million on a full year basis. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 06:31 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
April 28, 2006
US Geothermal Begins Construction of Idaho Geothermal Power Plant with the help Of Ormat
US Geothermal Inc. ( UGTH ) has initiated a contract with Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) to begin building a binary cycle geothermal power plant that is designed to deliver 10 MW monthly average electrical power to Idaho Power Company under a 20-year term power purchase agreement. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 09:19 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
February 22, 2006
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc.: Geophysical Survey completed at Pumpernickel Geothermal Project, Nevada
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) reported the completion of a geophysical survey at the Pumpernickel geothermal project in Nevada. The project is managed by Nevada Geothermal Power Company (a subsidiary of NGP), as Exploration Manager.
The final report is pending, however a preliminary assessment of the data shows that the survey successfully defined the contact between the valley fill and the basement rocks, and most importantly it established the positions of valley faults and their relationship to the geothermal system.
The data showed a good correlation with the 2005 resistivity data. The combined data will aid significantly in defining the boundaries of the geothermal reservoir and the subsequent design of the first production test wells, planned for 2006. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:03 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
January 25, 2006
Ormat Technologies Inc. Signs Power Purchase Agreement With Puget Sound Energy for Supply of Power From Recovered Energy Generation System
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) has entered into a 20-year power purchase agreement with Puget Sound Energy Inc. for the supply of power from a Recovered Energy Generation System (REGS), which will be located adjacent to the Sumas Compressor Station of Northwest Pipeline Inc. (NWP) in Sumas, Washington State.
The REGS will be owned by Orsumas and will use recovered waste heat from three NWP existing gas turbines driving compressors at the station, as well as interconnect to Puget Sound Energy's transmission grid. The facility will employ an ORMAT Â® Energy Converter (OEC) and will have a design capacity of 4.95 MW net. [ more ]
This deal is expected to generate annual revenues of approx $2.3 mln with a 1% annual escalation.
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:47 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
January 19, 2006
Raser to Acquire Power Generation Technology Company
Raser Technologies ( RZ ) announced a definitive agreement to acquire Amp Resources ("Amp"), a private company with technologies focused on geothermal heat and power generation. The deal is for about $260 million in cash and stock.
Raser will acquire Amp and its portfolio of technologies for heat transfer and renewable power generation. Raser will also assume ownership of multiple, long-term geothermal energy sales contracts with public and private utilities. These contracts call for an aggregate of $966 million from gross energy sales over 20 years. It is anticipated that these power generation projects will be developed and placed in service by December 2007. [ more ]
Raser is an early stage development company that specializes in electric motors and is a founding member of the Plug-In Hybrid Development Consortium . The shares of Raser have been up over 100% in the last month. Today the stock is currently trading down over 20% on the news. This could be interpreted as profit taking. Also, typically the shares of the acquiring company heads down on the day of the announcement due to fears of increased liabilities. Raser will assume liabilities and about $50 million in debt once the deal closes.
Green Car Congress has additional details about the technology. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 02:11 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
December 14, 2005
FPL Group in Talks to Buy Constellation Energy Group
FPL Group Inc ( FPL ) is currently in the advanced stages of negotiations to acquire Constellation Energy Group ( CEG ). An FPL-Constellation merger would create a giant East Coast-based utility with a market capitalization, based on Tuesday's closing stock prices, of $26.97 billion - $16.93 billion for FPL and $10.04 billion for Constellation.
Constellation Energy Group is based out of Baltimore Maryland and is the holding company for Baltimore Gas and Electric. They also have an extensive presence in the wholesale power supply and generation business. The Power Generation Division currently uses 4.6% alternative sources for power generation.
FPL has a strong commitment to alternative energy generation and is one of the largest utilities in the US utilizing extensive wind farms. CEG has a large footprint in Nuclear power generation and the combination of these two companies would make a top-tier producer of power generation for the East coast markets and a potential of 30,000 megawatts of power generation. CEG also gives FPL the ability to enter the wholesale supply side of the power generation business.
Typically you would see shares of the acquiring company down and shares of the acquired company up with this type of announcement. The market is liking this potential merger and CEG is up over 7% and FPL is also trading up 0.6% this morning.
Posted by Mark Anderson at 10:01 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
November 30, 2005
Ormat Buys Added Stake in Geothermal Guatemala Plant
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) said it has agreed to buy a 50.8 percent partnership interest in Orzunil I de Electricidad Ltd., owner of a geothermal plant in Guatemala, for $14.8 million. The Zunil project includes one power plant with a capacity of 24 megawatts that is expected to generate $12.5 million in revenue next year and boost Ormat's net income by $1.9 million in 2006. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 10:30 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
November 23, 2005
Calpine Gets Hammered
Shares of Calpine Corp. ( CPN )  suffered a greater than 20% loss yesterday and is now down almost another 13% today.  All of this was caused by a court ruling stating that they will be unable to use the $395 million in cash they received from the sale of oil and gas fields earlier this year for the purpose of buying natural gas to run its power plants.
The dispute stems from the Bank of New York's decision in September when, acting as trustee for Calpine bondholders, it withheld proceeds from Calpine's sale in July of North American oil and gas fields.
The bank froze the money after the bondholders said money from the sale couldn't be used to buy fuel futures but should be used instead to buy other assets or pay off debt.
The move prompted Calpine to file a lawsuit against the Bank of New York and Wilmington Trust Co. seeking release of the funds, arguing that buying natural gas in storage is allowed under the terms of its notes. [ more ]
When I purchased this stock for the mutual fund I mentioned it was a very speculative play.
Shares in FPL and Calpine Purchased August 15
Calpine Corp. ( CPN ) is the other utility that I started a position in today. This one is a more aggressive play, but has the potential to generate better results. Calpine supplies electricity from natural gas-fired and geothermal power plants to wholesale and industrial customers in North America. This company has  had some serious financial difficulties in the past and is trying to right itself. This is a very speculative purchase and I did not commit very much money into it. I purchased this stock with an average entry price of $3.35 for the mutual fund only.
With the stock now sitting at a dollar and change the big question is should I sell now? As I stated above I didn't purchase a large amount of the stock, so this loser doesn't seriously affect the portfolio. If they would have gotten a positive ruling then the small amount of stock would have seen some good gains. It was a gamble and one that is lost. There are now fears that bankruptcy is just a couple of quarters away. I'm going to sit with my shares for now since it is sitting at the 52 week lows. I will continue to watch this stock to see if they can get an appeal, but the hopes are fading quickly. The company still has a book value of over $6, so it could see itself purchased by a larger company in the future. So I will hold for now.
This is also just another reminder that many of the stocks in the Alternative Energy sector are very small companies. Many are on the verge of breaking out big over the next couple of years, but there are also many that can blow up in your face. So as they say, make sure all your money is not in one basket.
Posted by Mark Anderson at 02:59 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
July 12, 2005
Ormat Technologies, Inc. Completes Well Re-drilling at Puna Geothermal Project in Hawaii
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) announced that Ormat subsidiary, Puna Geothermal Venture ("PGV"), completed the re-drilling of an existing production well at the Puna Geothermal Project (the "Puna Project") located on the Big Island, Hawaii. The well re-drilling increased net generating capacity of the power plant by approximately 4 MW, bringing total net generating capacity to approximately 29 MW. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 11:17 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
June 24, 2005
Nevada Geothermal Begins Mapping of Deep Geothermal Source Waters at Pumpernickel Site
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) reported that exploration work at the Pumpernickel Geothermal Project (5710 acres/8.92 square miles) is underway. In Phase I - 3D "E-SCAN", resistivity survey methods will be utilized to map the deep geothermal source waters feeding surface hot springs. Results are expected in four weeks. Subsequently a series of six 250-meter (820 foot) gradient wells will be drilled to test the interpretation of the E-SCAN survey. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 11:07 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
June 08, 2005
US Geothermal shares to begin trading on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board of the NASD
US Geothermal Inc. ( UGTH ) announced today that the company has met requirements for a listing on the OTC Bulletin Board, as confirmed by J Giordano Securities Group of New York City, market maker for the company's securities.
US Geothermal holds the rights to approximately six and one-half square miles, which comprise the Raft River project development in Southeastern Idaho, a geothermal reservoir that was a former US Department of Energy geothermal research facility. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 12:14 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
May 11, 2005
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc.: Drilling Resumes at Blue Mountain Geothermal Site
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) reported that the next phase of development is underway at its Blue Mountain Geothermal site, with drilling to deepen the Deep Blue 2 (DB2) well by an additional 700 metres (2,300 feet).
"We are investigating a potential deep - hotter production zone that would make Blue Mountain's economics extremely robust," said Brian Fairbank President and CEO. "A deep high temperature resource would allow us to use more efficient and cost effective 'dual-flash' technology similar to the 60MW power plant at the Dixie Valley high temperature field in Nevada. A Monte Carlo simulation by Susan Petty of Black Mountain Technology infers a minimum resource capacity of 110MW if temperatures between 220 degrees - 250 degrees C can be confirmed." [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 05:18 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
Ormat Technologies, Inc. Completed Negotiation of Two New Power Purchase Agreements at Ormesa and Heber, and Breaks Ground for New Plant Addition to Heber Geothermal Power Complex
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) announced that it completed negotiations for two new 25 years Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) with Southern California Public Power Authority (SCPPA) for the purchase of renewable energy from its geothermal projects at the Ormesa Geothermal Facilities Complex and the Heber Geothermal Facilities Complex.
Ormat also announced that it celebrated the ground breaking and dedication of a new geothermal power plant within the Heber Geothermal Facilities Complex on Monday May 2, 2005. The new plant is dedicated to Mr. William R. Gould, who served as the Chairman of Southern California Edison (SCE) from 1980 through 1984, and was a driving force behind much of California's renewable energy programs. The new 10 MW William R. Gould plant is part of an 18 MW enhancement at the Heber Geothermal Facilities Complex, including an 8 MW enhancement to existing facilities, which supply power to Southern California Edison under ongoing PPAs. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 05:11 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
March 16, 2005
Ormat Breaks Ground on New Geothermal Power Plant
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) broke ground today on the first geothermal electric generating plant to be built at Steamboat, Nevada since 1991. Known as the Galena Geothermal Project, when completed the plant will be added to the existing Steamboat geothermal plants and bring the total output from this geothermal complex to 44 megawatts of electricity through a process that extracts and re-injects the hot geothermal waters from the ground. One megawatt of electricity can supply energy up to approximately 1,000 typical homes in the area. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:22 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
February 14, 2005
Ormat Technologies Secures $25 Million Contract for Geothermal Power Plant in the Azores Islands
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) announced that two of its subsidiaries have entered into Supply and Engineering Procurement contracts for a new geothermal power plant to be constructed on Sao Miguel Island in the Azores. The contracts are for a total of 19,151,422 Euro (approximately $25 million), with construction on the power plant expected to be completed within 19 months from the contract date. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 12:00 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
February 04, 2005
Ormat Technologies Receives the End Customer Final Approval for $16.9 Million Purchase Order for Remote Power Units
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) announced that the customer rendered final approval of the Purchase Order valued at approximately $16.9 million, for the supply of 102 remote power units for Communications and Cathodic Protection along a pipeline on the Sakhalin Island in the Russian Federation, as described in the press release dated December 9, 2004, and the Purchase Order became a definitive agreement. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 12:52 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
January 04, 2005
Ormat Technologies Enters Into Power Purchase Agreement for the Supply of 22 MW from Recovered Energy Power Generation
Ormat Technologies ( ORA ) announced that through a newly established project subsidiary, it has entered into a 25-year Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with an electric utility according to which ORMAT will supply approximately 22 MW from recovered energy generation power plants. The power plants are to be constructed by ORMAT between 12 and 18 months from the effectiveness of the PPA. The power plants will be constructed on gas compressor stations along a Natural Gas pipeline in the Midwestern United States. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:59 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
December 21, 2004
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc.: Blue Mountain Drilling Results DB-2 Test Indicate Potential Shallow Geothermal Production Zone
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) is pleased to report on recent flow and injection testing of Deep Blue No.2 (DB-2) which penetrated the upper reaches of the geothermal resource, and an eight-hole temperature gradient drilling program at the Blue Mountain project in Nevada. The program has provided positive information on production capability of the inferred resource and expanded the known extent of the thermal anomaly. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:30 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
November 23, 2004
Pennsylvania to Generate 3,600 Megawatts of Wind Power by 2016 Due to New Standard
As mentioned in a previous entry , the Pennsylvania legislature passed SB1030, the Alternative Energy Bill, on November 20, 2004 which will require a total of 18% of Pennsylvania's electricity to be generated by alternative energy sources by 2020.
The standard requires 8% of Pennsylvania's electricity to be generated by so-called "Tier I" renewable sources of energy by 2020. Tier I resources include solar, wind, geothermal and biomass. The standard also requires 10% of the state's electricity to come from a second category of resources that include waste coal, integrated combined coal gasification technology, municipal solid waste, large-scale hydro, demand-side management and distributed generation systems. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 09:59 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
November 05, 2004
Colorado Voters Approve Amendment 37
Colorado voters have approved an amendment requiring utilities to get part of their electricity from the sun, wind or plant and animal waste.
The amendment requires the state's seven largest utilities to get a portion of their retail electricity sales from renewables, beginning with 3 percent in 2007 and climbing to 10 percent by 2015. Four percent of the renewables should be solar sources. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:30 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
October 26, 2004
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. Acquires Third Nevada Geothermal Project In Prolific 'Corridor Of Heat'
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) announced today that it has acquired 7 square miles of private land and has applied for a one section federal geothermal lease for a total land area of 8 square miles (22 square kilometers) south and east of Black Warrior Peak, Washoe County, Nevada. The leases are on private land and are subject to a 3.5% royalty on gross revenue from electricity sales, however, NGP can purchase the royalty for US$1,000,000. Leases include surface and water rights. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:52 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
October 15, 2004
Pumpernickel Valley Geothermal Project: Inovision to Spend $5,000,000 to Earn 50% Joint Venture Interest
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) announced that Inovision Solutions Inc. (ISI), a TSX-V listed company, will fund up to C$5,000,000 in exploration and development expenditures for the Pumpernickel Geothermal Project under an option agreement to earn a 50% joint venture interest. In order to earn its interest, ISI must complete C$5,000,000 in project expenditures, make C$120,000 in cash payments and issue 600,000 shares to NGP over a five year period. In the first year, ISI must fund a C$400,000 work program, issue 100,000 shares and make a C$10,000 cash payment to maintain its option. NGP will be project manager. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:59 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
October 11, 2004
Tax Credit to be Extended to Geothermal Energy
The Production Tax Credit (PTC) -- a critical factor in stimulating the growth of the US wind industry -- is very likely to be expanded to include geothermal energy as part of the JOBS tax package (H.R. 4520, the "American Jobs Creation Act of 2004") just approved by a Congressional Conference Committee. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 09:08 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
September 29, 2004
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc.: Further Blue Mountain Temperature Drilling
Nevada Geothermal Power Inc. ( NGLPF ) is pleased to report that a temperature gradient drilling program is near completion at the Blue Mountain project in Nevada. Eight holes have been drilled to depths up to 1020 feet using an air rotary rig to map the subsurface thermal anomaly outward from the central thermal zone. At three valley locations where the depth of overburden exceeded the capability of the air drilling equipment, additional drilling with a mud circulation rig may be conducted after the initial results have been compiled. Results from the current drilling combined with earlier temperature gradient data and test wells Deep Blue No. 1 and 2 will be used to determine the optimum location for two production test wells. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 06:57 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
September 23, 2004
New York to rely more on renewable power
New York will dramatically boost its reliance on renewable energy sources like wind and water over the next nine years under a policy approved by state regulators Wednesday.
Clean energy advocates and state officials said the action by the state Public Service Commission places New York among the leaders nationwide in the development of renewable energy. It comes 20 months after Gov. George Pataki first called for a statewide standard that would encourage the production of environmentally friendly energy. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 08:54 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
August 30, 2004
Newsweek Special Report
"Experts generally agree that our current reliance on fossil fuels is unsustainable. Already oil is near $50 per barrel, and the great millions of Chinese and Indians destined to take to the road in the next decades have not yet gotten behind the wheel."
This week Newsweek has written several special reports about alternative energy in all its forms. All of these reports can be found at the following link. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 06:48 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
August 27, 2004
Campaign for renewable energy begins
Colorado House Speaker Lola Spradley, R-Beulah. and U.S. Rep. Mark Udall, D-Eldorado Springs, co-chairs of Amendment 37—the Renewable Energy Initiative—kicked-off their statewide campaign Thursday with stops throughout Colorado.
Amendment 37 would require 10 percent of Colorado's electricity be generated from renewable energy by 2015. The program is scaled beginning with a 3 percent requirement by 2007, 6 percent by 2011, and 10 percent by 2015. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 05:48 AM | Permalink | Comments (0)
August 19, 2004
A push for renewable energy in Colorado
Colorado is the first state in the nation to place renewable energy on its ballots, thanks in part to grassroots support from Summit County.
On Nov. 2, Colorado voters will decide whether to require the state's seven largest utilities to generate 10 percent of their electricity from environmentally-friendly sources like wind power by 2015. [ more ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 05:04 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
August 12, 2004
Western GeoPower Project Moves Ahead
Western GeoPower Corp ( WGPWF ) has received approval to start drilling on their new Geothermal energy operation facility at South Meager in Canada. This new facility could amount to over 100 MW capacity. [ full story at SolarAccess.com ]
GeoPower expects to have the South Meager plant ready for commercial generation by mid-2007.
Posted by Mark Anderson at 01:35 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
August 01, 2004
Western states take lead in the drive for renewable energy
The political climate for many of the western states are slowly starting to change to see the need for conversion to renewable energy sources. These test installations for Solar, Geothermal, and Wind energy are now producing real power for these areas. The key for us is to find the vendors that supply these installations. As the funding increases in these test beds, our growth will increase.
Here is a good article from the sfgate.com about the various western states initiatives.
"California's goal is to produce 20 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2017. New Mexico is aiming for 10 percent by 2011. Texas, despite its oil industry, has set a goal of 2.7 percent by 2009. A referendum headed for the Colorado ballot in November would require the state to get to 10 percent by 2015." [ full story at sfgate.com ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 01:30 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
July 29, 2004
Kerry's High-Wattage Energy Plan
BusinessWeek.com discusses John Kerry's plan to increase alternative energy usage for the country.
John Kerry's blueprint for energy independence doesn't suffer from lack of ambition. In early August, he'll unveil an energy plan that he says can break America's addiction to foreign oil, revitalize the U.S. auto industry, help farmers and coal miners, fight global warming, and create jobs -- all for just $2 billion per year. "We can live in an America that is energy independent," Kerry promises. [ full story at businessweek.com ]
Posted by Mark Anderson at 05:53 PM | Permalink | Comments (0)
Featured Companies
