FAQs
Earning the ENERGY STAR means products meet strict energy efficiency guidelines set by the US Environmental Protection Agency. By choosing ENERGY STAR qualified heating and cooling equipment and taking steps to optimize its performance, you can enhance the comfort of your home while saving energy. Saving energy helps you save money on utility bills and protect the environment by reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the fight against climate change.
Geothermal heat pumps (GHPs) are among the most efficient and comfortable heating and cooling technologies currently available, because they use the earth’s natural heat to provide heating, cooling, and often, water heating.
ENERGY STAR qualified geothermal heat pumps:
are over 45 percent more energy efficient than standard options.
now include water-to-water GHPs. Water-to-water GHPs provide space conditioning and/or domestic water heating using indoor refrigerant-to-water heat exchangers.
Through December 31, 2016 homeowners who install ENERGY STAR qualified geothermal heat pumps are eligible for a 30% federal tax credit. Learn More .
Current Specification Effective Date:
December 1, 2009
On average, ENERGY STAR qualified products covered under this new specification will be over 45% more energy efficient than standard options. ENERGY STAR qualified models are more efficient than models that simply meet the federal minimum standard for energy efficiency.
Anticipating advances in technology in the coming years, EPA has set more stringent efficiency requirements to ensure that ENERGY STAR continues to represent top performers in this category.
New requirements for water-to-air and direct geo-exchange GHP models will take effect on January 1, 2011. Even more stringent levels will go into effect for water-to-water and water-to-air models on January 1, 2012.
Learn How a Product Earns the Label
What else should I look for when buying a geothermal heat pump?
If you’ve decided that you need to purchase a new geothermal heat pump, learn how to hire a contractor and get an ENERGY STAR Quality Installation
Remember, even though these products can be more expensive to purchase up front, the cost difference will be paid back over time through lower energy bills.
You can get better heating and cooling performance at home with ENERGY STAR home sealing (insulation and air sealing) and duct sealing .
Consider regular maintenance of your heating and cooling system to prevent future problems and unwanted costs.
These are the top FAQs related to Heat Pumps, Geothermal and the ENERGY STAR program.
Heat Pumps, Geothermal Resources
