Ski Resorts in Vermont & New Hampshire
New England family resorts tend to be back-country getaways that take full advantage of the area's four-season climate and natural splendor, which includes sparkling lakes and vast expanses of woodland. New England consists of a cluster of six states on the northeastern tip of the continental United States; it's the historic birthplace of our country. There's lots of history to explore, from Boston Harbor to Plymouth Rock, as well as cultural and natural attractions that range from the White Mountains of New Hampshire to the Cape Cod seashore, with more than 100 miles of beaches.
The Tyler Place Family Resort
Tyler Place is an all-inclusive family resort that's been operating on the shores of Lake Champlain in Vermont since 1933. Of the resort's 165 acres, all but 40 are open space, providing kids with plenty of woodland, meadows and inlets. Guests stay in a modern country inn or in a cluster of cottages, with up to four bedrooms each. The resort--which is only open from May through September--includes one mile of private lakefront and eight different programs for toddlers to teens, as well as infant care. Families can sail, canoe, kayak, or windsurf; they may also set out on a paddleboat, bumper tube or banana boat. Shore activities include lawn bowling, mountain biking, hiking and swimming. Visitors pay one set cost that includes all lodging, meals, snacks, housekeeping and most activities. The Tyler Place Family Resort Highgate Springs, VT 05460 802-868-4000 tylerplace.com
Point Sebago Outdoor Resort
Point Sebago Outdoor Resort occupies 775 acres on the shores of Sebago Lake, the largest lake in southern Maine. Visitors can choose from several different types of accommodations, including vacation homes, resort cottages or park homes (on or near the lake). Point Sebago also features a wooded campground for RVs only with 50-amp service available on many sites. Aside from the prospect of a quiet family getaway on a beautiful lake, Point Sebago has an 18-hole championship golf course, a marina, six tennis courts, a sand volleyball court, shuffleboard courts, horseshoe pits, a mini-golf course, two lounges, a lakefront restaurant, and various children's programs, as well as a teen center and a video arcade. Point Sebago is open year-round; in the winter, it offers guests tubing, skiing, snowmobiling and ice skating opportunities. Point Sebago Outdoor Resort 261 Point Sebago Rd Casco, ME 04015 207-655-1700 pointsebago.com
Trapp Family Lodge
This mountain resort is owned and operated by the Trapp family, descendants of the famous singing Austrians immortalized in the 1965 movie, "The Sound of Music." The resort--which stretches across 2,400 acres of wilderness in north-central Vermont--has three lodging options: the 96-room Alpine Lodge, 100 chalets, and a selection of two-bedroom and three-bedroom villas. Recreational activities include hiking or mountain biking across more than 60 miles of cross-country trails. Four clay courts cater to tennis enthusiasts; many guests enjoy the heated indoor pool and sauna. In the winter, the resort offers ample opportunities for skiing and snowshoe hiking. Other resort amenities include a European-style restaurant with an extensive wine list and wine-tastings for guests, a bakery, and even a brewery. A Mountain Kids Club provides all sorts of activities for children, from crafts to challenges and fitness activities. Trapp Family Lodge 700 Trapp Hill Road Stowe, VT 05672-5074 802-253-8511 trappfamily.com
References
