New England Ski Resorts
New England Ski Resorts
In addition to beautiful wildflowers in the spring, lush greenery in the summer, and gorgeous fall foliage in the autumn, New England is a fantastic place to for skiing and snowboarding in the winter. Also, along with quaint Bed-and-Breakfasts and luxurious hotels, all the states in New England boast comfortable, state-of-the-art ski resorts for you to relax and enjoy your white Christmas, your winter holidays, and your skiing vacation. In New Hampshire, check out Ragged Mountain Ski Resort. Ragged Mountain offers the most affordable big mountain skiing and snowboarding experiences in New England with 200 + acres of trails, 98% state-of-the-art snowmaking coverage, five lifts including New Hampshire’s only high speed six-pack, and two New England colonial-style lodges that provide all the amenities a family could need. Ragged Mountain is a great place to learn to ski or snowboard, and the Ski School offers programs for all ages and ability levels.
Also in New Hampshire is Dartmouth Skiway, located 15 minutes from Hanover. With 30 trails covering 104 skiable acres, a 968-foot vertical drop and a new quad chairlift, Dartmouth Skiway is a great place for skiing families. Instruction is available for all levels of skiers. A 400-foot beginner’s slope and lift are designed especially for the first-time skier. With gentle grades and an easy-to-ride J-bar, learning to ski at the Skiway is simple. As the school of choice for collegiate and alpine skiing in the east, Dartmouth has contributed 81 members to the U.S. Olympic Ski Teams.
Vermont is also famous for its slopes and ski resorts. Come stay at Smuggler’s Notch, a renowned family resort that was also rated the #1 Ski Resort Family Programs in North America! Smugglers’ has over 1,000 acres of all-terrain access including 750+ acres of woods in between trails. The area consists of three interconnected mountains – Morse, Madonna and Sterling – offering terrain from friendly, groomed slopes for learning to expert mogul runs, thrilling glades and even the East’s only triple black diamond, The Black Hole. There are dozens of trails in all including a 3 -mile long run on the biggest vertical drop in Northern Vermont at 2,610 feet. Cross-country skiers will enjoy 34 km of scenic woods and fields and 24 km of snowshoeing and backcountry adventures.
These are just a few examples of the hundreds of ski resorts available across all the states in New England. Plan your winter ski vacation in New England and you’ll come away with a skiing experience you’ll never forget.
Recent Articles
