Seniors Ski and Ride Free at Dozens of Eastern US Resorts
An array of hotels, cottages, houses for rent, bed and breakfasts and country inns are available to skiiers and snowboarders who are looking for lodging in any budget range near the Mount Sunapee ski area. To learn more about Mount Sunapee's 2008-2009 winter skiing and snowboarding offerings, New England ski deals, current trail conditions and more, visit the Mount Sunapee Ski Area website .
Waterville Valley Ski Area
The Waterville Valley alpine ski area and cross-country skiing area are both situated in the White Mountain National Forest of New Hampshire.
Waterville Valley ski area visitors can visit for the day or opt to stay in one of the nearby ski lodges and ski resorts in the Waterville Valley area. There are also accommodations for skiiers in groups of twenty or more.
For visitors who would like to learn to ski or learn to snowboard, Waterville Valley offers lessons to adults and children. Waterville Valley's prices for learn to ski/ride packages start at $75 for adults, which includes a beginner lift ticket, ski rental and skiing lessons.
Waterville Valley lift ticket prices start at $61 for adults, $51 for students and $37 for children ages 6 to 12 and for seniors age 65 and over. There are additional discounts available for New England skiiers who would like to add-a-day onto their lift ticket for an entire weekend of skiing. For Waterville Valley Ski Area visitors who purchase their tickets online at least 48 hours in advance on the ski resort's website, there is an additional $10 discount on lift tickets.
Waterville Valley Ski Resort is located about 120 minutes north of Boston in Campton, New Hampshire. For Waterville Valley ski lodging information, call 1-800-GO-VALLEY. For more information on Waterville Valley lift tickets, ski area trail information, weather conditions, snow grooming and more, visit the Waterville Valley Ski Area website.
Check out Affordable Ski Areas Near Boston. and Visit Sunday River Ski Resort for more information on Boston area ski resorts.
Copyright Mia Carter . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Mia Carter - Mia Carter - Journalist, Producer/Editor & Web Writer. Carter's work has appeared on CBS and CNN.com.
