Weddings
New Hampshire Resorts
From the spring thaw, through the height of summer, the bright colors of autumn,    and the winter skiing season, New Hampshire resorts welcome guests in all seasons.    Whether travelers are coming for golf , skiing , spas ,    or simply somewhere out of the ordinary to stay, they'll be sure to find the    perfect retreat.
For more than a century, the state’s resorts have been on the top of the list for many New England travelers. Over time, these historic resorts have grown into so much more than hotels. New Hampshire luxury resorts are sure to impress; there's a reason why they’re called grand. Many offer relaxing spas, fine dining, and a full slate of outdoor recreation, including skiing in the winter and tennis in the summer. Travelers have their pick of resorts all over the state; each one of the New Hampshire luxury resorts offers a distinctive take on providing hospitality.
New Hampshire luxury resorts are elegant fixtures of the White Mountains Region.    The Balsams Grand Resort lives up to its name with top-notch accommodations,    a rich history, and guest amenities. First opened during the Civil War, the    resort has garnered top awards for its services. A decade earlier, the Mountain    View Grand Resort & Spa welcomed its first guests. With top-notch service, floor-to-ceiling    views of the mountains ,    extensive packages ,    and spa experiences, guests will feel like they're on top of the world.
Travelers also can book tee times at golf resorts in New Hampshire. Just steps from their rooms, golfers can head to the links and play their game of choice. Located minutes from Manchester , the Atkinson Resort & Country club offers an 18-hole championship course, along with a practice facility, golf carts with GPS guidance, a practice facility, and indoor simulators. To complete the package, guests can stay overnight in the Fieldstone Suites, and stay for meals and cocktails at the Stagecoach Grille, Cartside Café, and Merrill's Tavern.
The list of golf resorts in New Hampshire also includes Owl's Nest Resort    and Golf Club. Perched in the White Mountains, the golfing resort offers a variety    of stay-and-play packages that combine time on the award-winning 18-hole course    with overnight accommodations and dining the Sunset Room.
For more than 75 years, vacationers have been flocking to Jack O'Lantern Resort in Woodstock. One of the golf resorts in New Hampshire appropriate for the whole family, the resort has lessons and workshops for people of all ages. The 18-hole, par 71 course is set along the banks of the Pemigewasset River, and the clubhouse offers excellent views of the course and a historic covered bridge . The river is a favorite place for fly fishing and other outdoor recreational activities.
As with other states along the coast, New Hampshire offers several locations where vacationers can enjoy views of the ocean. Several beach resorts in New Hampshire provide overnight accommodations and amenities all in view of the Atlantic Ocean. The Lakes Region is another popular choice for beach vacations. There's no shortage of New Hampshire resorts along the shores of Lake Winnipesaukee and other inland lakes . Weirs Beach is home to several resorts. This classic beach getaway offers everything vacationers expect, complete with a boardwalk to stroll, charming shops, and water parks .
Quite a few New Hampshire resorts have made commitments to going green. The Balsams participates in GreenPath, a comprehensive plan towards sustainability. Another program, the New Hampshire Sustainable Lodging & Restaurant Program invites its participants to focus on several areas of environmental actions, including water conservation and education. Resort guests also can join in and do their part for the earth as they’re enjoying the beautiful New Hampshire scenery and welcoming accommodations.
Latest Topics
A treasure of American history not in Philadelphia or Washington, D.C. can be found in Exeter, New Hampshire. More than an acre of land, home to the...
New Hampshire Map
