Scarborough, ME
12/15/2011
My family skis at Sunday River every weekend and I also occasionally get up there mid-week which is a compltely different experience. Before my boys started in their ski program I swore i would never go to Sunday River on a Saturday and I would also never use the South Ridge Lodge, which is the "main" lodge and where you need to go for rentals, because of the crowds.
Over time I have developed some strategies that have enabled me to handle both - the key being ready to hit the slopes when the mountain opens at 8:00 (9:00 on weekdays). It seems like there is a promotion every weekend and a lot of shools race there so the snow deteriorates quickly when the crowds are huge so before 10:00 is when it peaks around the middle of the mountain. I then usually follow the sun to the Jordan Bowl and then work my way back in the afternoon. As for the lodge, I head upstairs to change (right outside the Foggy Goggle) as it's less crowded at the start of the day.
Lots of lifts means short lines but lots of skiiers on popular trails. Do the popular stuff early in the day. I usually start by heading up the agonizingly slow Spruce Peak triple and hit American Express or Risky Business a couple times to warm up but once I leave there, I don't return as it's too crowded. The upside to weekend skiing is that they go all out making snow and grooming trails so if you're a fan of the courduroy then that's when you want to be there and Saturday morning is better than Sunday morning.
Midweek is unbelievably different. Fewer skiiers but also fewer lifts are running. You can still reach all the trails (except for the summit of Locke Mtn). You will not spend a minute in line anywhere and you will have most trails to yourself because, even with a lot of cars in the parking lots, the mountain is so vast and spread out it can accomodate a ton of skiiers.
Best beer deal is the North Peak Lodge - not open midweek - stop in a for a 24 oz can or one of their bloody marys and don't get sucked in by the smell of the cinnamon rolls. STAY AWAY FROM SLIDERS unless you have time for a 2 hour lunch break.
My main advice is to spend some time studying a map before you head out. Cell coverage can be spotty and you can easily waste a huge chunk of your day meeting up with friends or hitting trails that you wish later you had skipped. The other thing is to find one of the daily bulletins that tells where grooming has taken place. There are some blue trails that are often left ungroomed (3D is a great example) and can be brutal on any skiier who doesn't like big bumps.
Favorite blues are over in Jordan and Monday Mourning which is a black for some reason. Vortex is an awesome double black when it's not icy and it's usually rock hard until later in the season when the sun gets higher in the sky and shines on it.
Was this review …?
