Tags: green mountains • new england ski resorts • summer vacations • white mountains
Blame it on global warming or just normal weather patterns in the maturing of planet earth but what you can’t argue with is recent mild winters in the northeast of the U.S. have made it tough being a ski resort or lodging owner in the mountains of New England.
Many are gushing red ink and those with foresight are surviving by keeping open three seasons and attracting as many visitors in summer and fall as winter.
New  England ski resorts and the nearby towns are now attracting as many visitors in summer as during their traditional winter ski season. In some areas such as Stowe in Vermont, the areas busiest month has long been August and not Christmas or February vacation.
These resorts have invested big time in creating amenities to attract summer and fall foliage vacationers. Many aim to draw families with plenty of activities for the kids, and others have focused on trails and paths and catering for more adult activities.
And it’s been a secret amongst golfers in the region for a long time that many of the best New England golf courses are located near ski resorts with Sunday River and Sugarloaf in Maine and Stowe in Vermont making any avid golfers list.
Jim Hyde – editor of www.NewEnglandTimes.com – wrote a recent article at the online magazine Exploring New England on how this is changing the face of the seasons in Vermont. In the article he contrasts how Stowe Mountain Resort and Bromley Mountain attract family visitors in the summer with gondola rides, wall climbing, alpine slides, space bikes, and yes, even miniature golf. You can read more of his article on how Vermont ski areas are turning summer into a snowfall by clicking here .
Other Vermont ski resorts getting in on the summer attraction act with, slides, mountain bike trails, chair lift rides, and adventure activities include Smuggler’s Notch in the north, and Ascutney Mountain in Central Vermont.
The granite state of New Hampshire has seen its fair share of ski resorts closed during the last decade but the likes of Attitash and Waterville Valley are just two resorts deep in the White Mountains that have not only survived but also thrived and keep their doors open in the summer. Waterville Valley is a full family resort location with water sports, concerts and theater, tennis, golf, and the village itself
At smaller Attitash you can find an alpine slide, a water park, climbing wall and plenty of trail hiking and mountain biking to keep the energy level high, and all within the beautiful mountains of the Presidential Range with that almost guaranteed cool mountain summer breeze.
At the other western end of the Kancamagus Highway is Loon Mountain which from late June operates its gondola to the summit and the glacial caves walk and kid’s Mountaintop Playground. The mountain also offers plenty of hiking and mountain biking trails along with a climbing wall and will also host this year’s New Hampshire’s Highland Games in late September.
And it’s not just the northern ski areas cashing in on the summer and fall visitors, with Massachusetts’ Wachusett Mountain growing its list of events during the off-season each year as well, and Jiminy Peak out in the Berkshires with its Mountain Adventure Park .
Many New England ski resorts are watching how these investments reward the few that are dabbling in this diversification of their properties. At the moment summer and fall vacationers in Vermont and New Hampshire are reaping the benefits as they have more choices and attractions to visit. Only time will tell if this long-term investment will help keep a better balance sheet for the region’s mountain resorts and stem the rate of ski resorts joining the New  England graveyard list.
For more ideas on things to see and do on your New England summer and fall vacations see my six state guides here .
Check back in a few days time for more news from Mew England or just subscribe to our RSS feed here .
Cliff Calderwood
