New England
Beautiful, Historic New England
The birthplace of the American Revolution, New England brims with historic artifacts from the time of the Pilgrims. Today, tourists and visitors enjoy its abundant charms, from Alpine skiing to sandy ocean beaches. Lovely small towns and culture-rich cities offer vacation activities from peaceful and dreamy to vivid and contemporary.
Connecticut
Southern Gateway to New England
A day trip from New York, Connecticut offers many charms. Near Mystic are a fine aquarium and a seafaring museum. Gaming entertainment is on tap at nearby casinos. In Litchfield, small towns and scenic drives lead to lots of antique shops. Art museums are plentiful in Hartford and along the shore.
Maine
Lighthouse Beams Sweep the Shores
Maine's vast expanse encompasses many flavors. Visitors to the coast are enchanted by the rocky shores, lighthouses, and towering views from Acadia National Park. Magnificent forests and mountains loom to the west. Portland welcomes people who love good food, art, entertainment, and historic architecture. Looking for fresh lobster? It's everywhere.
Massachusetts
Cape Cod Beaches and Colonial History
The biggest New England state, Massachusetts attracts beachgoers to "old" Cape Cod and people who love music and art to the museums and concert halls of the Berkshire Mountains. Boston, "cradle of the Revolution," lays the pleasures of a world-class city over a foundation of Colonial and Revolutionary War history.
New Hampshire
Vistas From the Mountains
The magnificent White Mountains and historic attractions like the Cog Railway provide adventure year-round. Lake Winnipesaukee and her sisters in the lakes region are studded with summer attractions and fond memories. The oceanfront provides summer beach fun, and Portsmouth is a lovely, historic city filled with culture, dining, and shopping.
Rhode Island
Beaches Along a Great Bay
The Gilded-Age Newport mansions attract visitors from around the world, while the state's many broad, sandy beaches bewitch many more. Providence surges with renewed vigor, a wonderful riverside park, many unique cultural and performance venues, and great dining, particularly at Federal Hill, one of the nation's best Little Italy neighborhoods.
Vermont
Dazzling Views Among the Maples
Lacking an ocean coastline but blessed with beautiful Lake Champlain, Vermont draws guests for outdoor sports; scenic views; cultural offerings; and native food, especially cheese, chocolate, ice cream, and maple. Except for the hip city of Burlington, Vermont is a place of picturesque towns tucked among mountains and river valleys.
Welcome to New England
A New England vacation trip is a getaway your family will love
From a romantic weekend getaway to a vacation at a family resort, a trip to New England takes you to a distinctly American region rich in history, culture, and natural beauty.
New England offers four distinct seasons. In summer, you may wish to travel to the many beaches or jump aboard a river- or whale watch cruise. Fall brings colorful fall foliage and driving tours among brilliant maple groves. In winter, ski resorts welcome skiers and snowboarders of all persuasions. Spring is a time to tour the museums or to stay at a bed and breakfast for a weekend of shopping and dining. Hotels, inns, resorts, vacation rentals, and bed and breakfasts are plentiful.
New England is composed of six states, all with their own attractions for romantic or family vacations. Connecticut is an easy cruise up the shore for New Yorkers. It has pretty villages, steepled churches, and warm bed and breakfast inns. Cultural attractions include Yale University, the home of Mark Twain, and antique shops in the Litchfield region. Rhode Island , the Ocean State, has beaches that are perfect for a family vacation. Even a one-day getaway to Newport must include a tour of some of the Gilded Age mansions.
Massachusetts extends from the beaches and family resorts of Cape Cod, Martha’s Vineyard, and Nantucket through the metropolis of Boston to the Berkshire Mountains in the west. Try to board a whale watch cruise out of Plymouth or the north shore region around Gloucester.
Vermont , the Green Mountain State, is the place of forested mountains, skiing, small towns, and lush family resorts. It has no ocean shoreline, but it borders the historic Lake Champlain. Tour New Hampshire if you love dramatic mountains, snow sports, and beaches. Lighthouses are scattered along the rocky coast of Maine , famous for its schooner cruises.
OCT. 24
