Stowe Mountain Ski Resort Area - Burlington, Vermont Skiing Area
Stowe Mountain Ski Resort Area - Burlington, Vermont
Ski,101204
Things to do / Travel Guide
Address:Burlington, Vermont
Tel: (802) 253-3000
Our Ski Specialist Says:
As one of Vermont's most famed resorts, Stowe is the quintessential New England Ski experience. At 4,395 feet, Vermont's highest mountain, Mt. Mansfield, is the home of the historic resort, offering breathtaking views and spectacular natural scenery. Across from the mountain is Spruce Peak, which offers more gentle terrain and an up-and-coming base village that will connect the two peaks. The village of Stowe is classic New England: white churches and historic buildings line the picturesque main street, with antique shops and plenty of restaurants. The area has plenty of high-end restaurants, spas and ski areas as well, so visitors will stay entertained on and off the mountain.
The "Front Four" are infamous for being some of the most thrilling and steepest runs in the east, including Starr, Goat, National and Lift Line. Spruce Peak is great for novice and intermediate riders and skiers, with plenty of gentle cruisers. Intermediates actually enjoy more than half of the resort's runs, as 60 percent are designated intermediate. First timers can start at the Spruce Peak base area, and great beginner trails are located off the lower lifts on Spruce Peak or on Mr. Mansfield, off the Toll House Chair. Stowe has the longest average trail length in New England, so there are plenty of top-to-bottom runs, some with bump runs and glade skiing. Off the top of Nose Dive section, there is a great section of glade skiing. The resort has three terrain parks for snowboarders. Tyro is the biggest, featuring boxes, rails, jibs, tabletops, rollers and a quarterpipe. Stowe's Superpipe is located on North Slope and is accessed by the Mountain triple. The Midway Mini Park and Spruce Terrain Park are designed for learners.
10 lifts including  1 surface lift, 8 chair lifts and 1 gondola. $$$$ (Very Expensive)
48 runs - 16% beginner, 59% intermediate, 25% expert. Longest run is 19,700 feet.
Mountain Statistics: 2,360 feet vertical drop, 4,395 feet summit elevation, 480 acres, average annual accumulation 260 inches.
From Stowe Mountain Ski Resort Area - Burlington, Vermont:
From top-to-bottom runs with groomed cruisers to bump runs to some truly fine glade skiing, Stowe has it all.  The infamous Front Four (Starr, Goat, National and Lift Line) are arguably the most exciting runs in the East. For the novice skiers and riders, there's an entire mountain (Spruce Peak) criss-crossed with easygoing runs. And with the longest average trail length in New England , be prepared to spend some time on the mountain.  While our trails are classic, our lifts are modern. Along with several doubles and triples, we've got a high-speed quad and a state-of-the-art eight person gondola that whisks skiers from bottom to top in a blazing seven and a half minutes.
101204
