Killington Ski Resorts -  Cabins, Chalet & Condo Vacation Rentals in Killington, VT
Killington Vacation Rentals & Ski Resorts of Vermont
Considered the "Heart of Vermont", ski resorts of Killington are set in the scenic valley of the Green Mountains. A skier's dream, there are over 95 miles of ski-worthy terrain, and when the powder melts, ceaseless trails unfold before the hiker's eyes. If you are addicted to the slopes, or you gravitate toward nature and its kaleidoscope of seasons, then you probably know that Killington, Vermont, has all those things and more. Also, lodging and vacation rentals (homes, cabins, chalet, cottages, condos, villas and apartments) of this ski resorts belong to the best of the country!  Though tucked away in the Green Mountains, Killington, Vermont, has its finger on the pulse of art. You are likely to see all the great arts represented and the cool atmosphere of artists doing their things. Everything from ballet, music, sculpture, poetry readings, drama and playwright readings, to the new and avant garde, goes on with tremendous sensibility. The Chaffee Center for the Visual Arts is one hot spot that has a European and Middle Eastern architectural design. Another is the Killington Arts Guild where artists convene, workshop, and host events.  On two hundred acre land, a marble quarry created a world-wide manufacturing company in the 19th century. Now, located on the land, the Carving Studio and Sculpture Center gathers sculptors from around the world. Sutherland Falls also holds one of the largest marble exhibits around. The Paramount Theatre and Weston Playhouse Theatre have shows, which vary from dance, jazz, plays, and musicals. Every year the Killington Music Festival delights and awes thousands who flock to it.
Cabin, Chalet & Condo Accommodations in Killington, VT
When you are in the "Heart of Vermont", the blood of New England runs through. Heritage is preserved on the Billings Farm and Museum, partly owned by the Marsh-Billings-Rockefeller National Park. This park is of the only kind that tells the story of conservation and stewardship. Some of the finest maple syrup is in Vermont country; a museum shows the 200 year old history of maple syrup, beginning with the Native Americans' first discovery.  Ski resorts of Killington, Vermont, offer a large number of lodging and vacation rentals: private homes, cabins, chalet, cottages, villas, condos and apartments can be rented at different rates. Warm bodies chill out the night life in Killington. Both local and famous bands play at clubs. Nary a nation-wide chain of restaurants are located in town, so local flavor reigns supreme. When you've been through the cold days and the nights are colder, hit the bars for a beer, drink wine when you fine dine, or sip cocoa at a nearby lodge.  In Killington, Vermont, the ski resorts are above expectation. There are seven peaks and 200 trails to ski. Atop these peaks, you are able to see five states and Canada! The Outer Limits is the steepest mogul run in New England. One vertical is 3,050. While an average 250 inches of snow sticks, over 60 miles is made, which covers more land than the total land area of all eastern resorts. Not only are the extremes for skiers, but five pipes and parks challenge and dare the snowboarder as well. The longest trail in the east, the Juggernaut, runs 6.6 miles. Whether expert or amateur, young or old, the slopes wait. Within the scope of these seven peaks, it'll take weeks to conquer and you'll have miles to go before you sleep.  Wintertime in Killington isn't just skiing time. Snowshoe in the silent mountains, downy flakes falling. Zip through the trails and pine on your snowmobile. Ride horse and dog-drawn sleighs. Draw figure eights on ice skates. Snow is the bread and butter of Killington. Seasons do change, but Killington does not hibernate. Recreation can be just as extreme with rock climbing and mountain biking; or as peaceful as fly-fishing in much needed solitude. Find out the true essence of nature by hiking and camping. Horseback is one way to get around in the falling leaves. Golf till your heart's content on PGA-grade courses.  Killington goes above expectation also when come in discussion the lodging facilities. The entire area features many vacation rentals like private homes, cabins, chalet, cottages, condos, villas and apartments, with different level of luxury. The only issue in the ski resorts of Killington, Vermont, is to choose a vacation property which fit at best your needs!
 
