E-mail
New England: Rugged, Fun, And Memorable Skiing, Riding - New England is hard to beat for skiing and riding, especially if you like really cold weather and conditions that can vary from hour to hour with the region’s trademark climate. "Don't like the weather? Wait five minutes." The Berkshires of western Massachusetts,... Full Overview
New England: Rugged, Fun, And Memorable Skiing, Riding -
New England is hard to beat for skiing and riding, especially if you like really cold weather and conditions that can vary from hour to hour with the region’s trademark climate. "Don't like the weather? Wait five minutes."
The Berkshires of western Massachusetts, the Green Mountains of Vermont, the White Mountains of New Hampshire, the rugged peaks of Maine, and even gentle Connecticut are home to many of America’s first ski areas.
Stowe in Vermont, known as “Ski Capital of the East,” is as famous for the historic figures associated with its past as for the amazing terrain and fabulous snow. Mad River Glen in Waitfield, Vt., remains a regional gem, suspicious of change, wary of modern technology such as snowmaking, committed to a rugged brand of natural snow skiing and an emphasis on glades where the best snow is to be found.
Stratton Mountain in Stratton, Vt., is one of the region’s great mountains. When visitors round the final corner on the approach road, the mountain appears in stunning fashion, looming over the landscape. It’s always breathtaking, no matter how many times one makes the drive. Stratton has a vertical drop of 2,003 feet, 92 trails and 14 lifts including a gondola.
Cannon Mountain at the northern end of Franconia Notch in New Hampshire’s White Mountains is an old-time favorite, where die-hard Cannon skiers still grumble that modern snowmaking and grooming have ruined the blue ice that once characterized the area’s trails.
Sugarloaf and Sunday River in Maine have taken on new life under the ownership of CNL Properties, and management by Boyne Resorts. Heavy investments in both great areas are resulting in new lifts, better snowmaking, and improved trails.
Wachusett Mountain Ski Area in Princeton, Mass., is the closest serious mountain to the big population centers of southern New England. A little farther north is cult favorite Crotched Mountain in Bennington, N.H., with full snowmaking coverage from pole-mounted fan guns, and the ever popular Mount Sunapee in Newbury, N.H., overlooking Lake Sunapee, noted for deals that roll through the week, and for excellent snowmaking and grooming. Sunapee has a 1,510-foot vertical, and 65 trails.
Mount Snow and Okemo Mountain are in southern Vermont, all big mountains. Mount Snow also is owned by Peak Resorts and has benefited from heavy investment in modern pole-mounted fan guns, as well as a decision to turn the Carinthia Face into one big terrain park. Mount Snow has a vertical drop of 1,700 feet, 102 trails and 20 lifts. Okemo has a vertical drop of 2,200 feet, 119 trails and glades, and 19 lifts.
Gunstock in Gilford, N.H., overlooking Lake Winnipesaukee, Waterville Valley, Wildcat, and Loon Mountain are all an easy day trip from southern New England. Gunstock has a 1,400-foot vertical and 51 trails. Waterville and Loon are serious mountains. Loon has 2,100 feet of vertical and 55 trails, and is noted for its dedication to terrain parks which are spotted around the mountain. Waterville has 2,020 feet of vertical and 52 trails. Wildcat offers plenty of vertical value from its perch at Pinkham Notch.
In western and northern New England lie other resorts, including Jiminy Peak and Berkshire East in the Berkshires of Massachusetts; Saddleback in Maine; Bretton Woods, Wildcat, Tenney Mountain and Balsams Wilderness in New Hampshire: and Killington, Ascutney, Bromley, Magic, Sugarbush, Stowe, Bolton Valley, and Stowe in Vermont.
Many smaller areas also are out there, including King Pine, Black Mountain, Ragged Mountain, Dartmouth Skiway, and historic Cranmore Mountain Resort in New Hampshire; Shawnee Peak, Black Mountain of Maine, Camden Snow Bowl, Lost Valley Ski Area, Mt. Abram and Titcomb Mountain in Maine, and Mount Southington, Ski Sundown, Mohawk Mountain, and Woodbury in Connecticut.
