by Melanie Nayer ( RSS feed ) on Jan 10th 2011 at 2:30PM
There's another massive snowstorm heading up the east coast and making its way to Boston, Providence, Nashua and beyond. As the storms get worse, the New Englanders get daring. What better excuse to brave the slopes than with a fresh few feet of snow at a favorite ski resort ?
Goby.com , a travel and events search engine, pulled together a list of the top ski resorts in New England . Our advice: Instead of sticking around the airport hoping for a flight out of the winter wonderland, bundle up and head to one of these hideaways. There's snow, there's a fire, there's a bar, and there's a lot of skiing, sledding and snowboarding to be found.
Nashoba Valley: Cruise the slopes of Nashoba Valley's Snow Tubing Park seven days and seven nights.
Acadia National Park: Acadia offers hiking trails up Cadillac Mountain, a 44-mile system of carriage roads (open to hikers, bicycles, and horses), naturalist programs, and plenty of cross-country skiing.
Blue Hills Ski Area: Blue Hills Ski Area is conveniently located in Canton, MA, making it the closest ski area to the Boston Metro Area.
Wachusett Mountain: Wachusett is the highest mountain in Massachusetts east of the Connecticut River and stands some 2,006 feet above sea level at its peak.
Bousquet's: A family-friendly area offering skiing, bording and snow tubing at affordable rates, including a bed and breakfast option.
Butternut Ski Area: One of New England's most beloved ski resorts, Butternut has slopes for all levels and plenty of children's activities.
Catamount: The mountain offers 1,000 feet of vertical descent and the most diverse terrain mix in the Berkshires.
Blandford Ski Area: Owned and operated by the Springfield Ski Club, and open to the public, Blandford has 22 trails, half pipe, terrain park, and four lifts.
Loon Mountain: The ultimate winter getaway, including 35 km cross-country trails, fabulous slopes, snowshoeing, ice skating along with night and day snowtubing.
Wildcat Mountain Ski Area: You'll have impressive view of Mount Washington from the massive 4,000 foot plus summit on Wildcat Mountain.
Tenney Mountain: The mountain has joined forces with Eastern Mountain Sports to offer family-friendly and children-friendly winter and ski activities.
Cranmore Mountain Resort: The popular ski resort has 11 lifts, including a high speed detachable quad and 200 acres of skiable mountain. It is practically at the center of North Conway, and 10 minutes from Storyland.
Okemo Mountain Resort: Okemo is home to a 500 foot long superpipe, six action-packed terrain parks, and award winning children's programs. The nearby Okemo Valley Nordic Center offers cross-country skiing, snowshoeing and a Winter Indoor Golf Academy Center.
Stowe Mountain Resort: The famous mountain resort is the perfect place for nordic, cross-country and back-country skiers.
Killington Mountain Resort: Located in central Vermont, the resort stretches across seven mountain areas, including Pico Mountain, and features access to 191 trails and 30 lifts.
Have a favorite? Let us know where you love to ski in New England.
