Tweet
Vermont Summer image by bzphoto from <a href='http://www.fotolia.com'>Fotolia.com</a>
This plush mountain resort in central Vermont, shares its name with the town in which it's located. The resort is one of the most popular in New England, spread across Vermont's highest peaks, including Mount Mansfield, the tallest in the state. While the resort, dubbed the ski capital of New England, is well-known for its winter activities, it is also a popular summer destination.
Alpine Slide
The Stowe Mountain alpine slide is popular with adults and kids alike. Visitors climb into their own individual slides to zoom down Spruce Peak on a 2,300-foot-long, luge-style track. Sliders can control their own speed on the way down. Children under the age of 5 can slide free.
Hiking
Summer visitors to Stowe Mountain Resort can access some of Vermont's most popular hiking trails. Pick up the "Visitor's Guide Hiking Map" at the Guest Services' desk, which lists suggested hikes in and around the resort.
The most popular hikes include the Cliff Trail, located at the top of the gondola, and the nearby Pinnacle Trail, a short 1.4-mile hike to the top of a 2,740-foot peak. The Long Trail, a 265-mile route running through Vermont, is also accessible from the resort, where it crosses Mt. Mansfield and Spruce Peak.
Golf and Tennis
The 6,200-yard Bob Cupp golf course at Stowe Mountain Resort was named one of the "Top 10 New Courses in the United States" by Golf Magazine. Stretched across the slopes of Mount Mansfield and Spruce Peak, the championship course---reaching an elevation of more than 1,800 feet---rewards duffers with sweeping mountain views. The course, surrounded by 2,000 acres of wilderness preserve, is open to guests of the Stowe Mountain Lodge. There's also a clubhouse and the Golf Cottage, with an indoor golf studio, video analysis and state-of-the-art simulators.
The resort also has three outdoor tennis courts, which are open to the public and to resort guests.
Gondola Skyride
No skis are needed to take the Stowe Mountain eight-passenger gondola up to the peak of Mount Mansfield, Vermont's tallest peak. There's a restaurant at the top, and a network of hiking trails and picturesque outlooks.
Bungee Trampolines, Obstacle Course and Climbing Wall
During the summer, Stowe Mountain Resort opens its bungee trampoline course. Riders are strapped into a bungee harness to jump on a series of trampolines. With the help of the bungee cords, riders can safely jump higher and flip backward and forward.
Also during the summer, visitors can compete against others or their own time at the resort's inflatable obstacle course. There's also an outdoor climbing wall. Package rates are available for all activities or you can purchase single tickets.
Article Written By Pamela Wright
Pamela Wright is a freelance writer, author of more than two dozen guidebooks, and hundreds of articles. Her work has appeared in a variety of publications, including "National Geographic Traveler," "Family Circle," "Family Fun," "Backpacker," "Hemispheres," "Cooking Light," "Yankee" and more. An active member of the Society of American Travel Writers, she holds a Bachelor's from Michigan State University
