New England Ski Vacation            Resorts near Boston
Where to go  for New England ski trips and luxury ski resorts
Here are Boston Discovery Guide's picks for the best New England ski vacation resorts near Boston as well as New York.  
You can easily drive to most of these New England resorts in just 2 - 3 hours. 
Many offer budget-friendly ski vacation package deals.
Whether you're interested in family skiing holidays offering lots of activities, romantic weekend getaways combined with ski trips, or all-inclusive ski packages to simplify your planning, you'll find plenty of options for your New England ski vacation at these resorts.
Snowshed base at Killington Ski Resort, looking toward Killington Grand Resort Hotel
Photo courtesy NHRHS2010 , via Creative Commons license
What can you expect at the best New England ski vacation resorts?   Look for lots of snow sports - downhill skiing, cross-country ski trails, snow boarding, snow tubing, and maybe less-familiar adventures such as snowkiting, as well as individual and group lessons for all skill levels. 
But that's just the beginning.  You'll find a variety of lodging choices ranging from comfy to luxurious, lots of dining options, fun nightlife, and shopping for any non-skiers in your group.  Finally, most resorts offer "stay-and-ski" vacation packages to save you money.
Here are snapshots of what you'll find at the best New England ski resorts, plus information about nearby hotels and condominiums.
 
Killington
WIth 6 mountains, 140 trails, 22 lifts, 7 peaks, over 1,100 acres,  a vertical drop of 3,050 feet, the Killington resort area is huge.  More than 250 inches of natural snow each winter and a monster snowmaking system ensure optimal conditions and grooming. 
Killington offers diverse terrain for all levels of skiers - wide open cruisers, narrow runs, trees, steeps, and moguls, including Outer Limits, the steepest, longest mogul slope in the East.  Snowboarders and freeskiers will enjoy the 5 parks and  500-foot long Superpipe. 
In addition, the Killington vicinity offers cross-country skiing, sleigh rides, rock climbing, snowshoeing, dog sledding, and snowmobiling, makiing it a perfect spot for your New England ski vacation. 
But no need to go out in the snow.  You'll also find numerous spas, great shopping, and plenty of dining choices. 
Once the slopes close down, Killington's nightlife heats up along the Killington Access Road at Wobbly Barn and many other restaurants, pubs, and nightspots.  Bands, dancing, trivia nights, a piano bar, Irish music, and even a sports bar or two keep Killington lively into the wee hours of the morning.
Killington Essentials
