Click for Hotels.com Lowest Rates
Things to do / Travel Guide
While the western U.S. states may dominate these days in terms of North American ski resorts, New England favorites Vermont and New Hampshire will always remain classic ski destinations and boast the best in East Coast skiing. The region's rolling countryside is picturesque - with scattered farmhouses and historic inns dotting the landscape before hitting the sharp rise of the mountains. Roads to resorts and ski areas cut and wind their way through the wooded mountain range. Reflecting the old-fashioned New England ski style, narrow, twisting trails still run down the region's snow covered mountains.
Resort base towns embrace the region's New England charm as well, with quaint white churches, antique shops, and main streets right out of the movies. Base towns like Stowe and Manchester in Vermont are bound to transport you to another time. The New England-style skiing at New Hampshire's Cannon Mountain will likely have a similar effect. Kids rule at some of the country's best family resorts, with award-winning programs and family-friendly slopes at New Hampshire's Bretton Woods and Loon Mountain resorts, and Vermont's Smugglers' Notch and Okemo Mountain. The famous northeast foliage makes excellent scenery when skiing in the late fall at Killington Resort, which has one of the longest ski seasons in the east. You'll also find a lively singles scene and nightlife at Killington, rated one of the top party-resort destinations in the country. Essentially, the New Hampshire and Vermont region is the premier ski destination in the eastern United States, and its old-fashioned charms are still attracting modern audiences.
Skiing in Northern Vermont
Edging right up to the Canadian border, northern Vermont's ski resorts are nestled in a spacious and hilly landscape, with meadows and valleys bordered at their edges by striking spruce-filled forests. Just a few miles off the Canadian border, Lake Willoughby, Mt. Hor and the Willoughby State Forest offer spectacular views, ski tours (and some celebrated fishing) in the famed “Northeast Kingdom.” Sixty-one miles of groomed cross-country trails are well maintained by the Craftsbury Nordic Center, winding their way through the hills around the town of nearby Craftsbury. On Caspian Lake, Highland Lodge also offers about 10 miles of groomed terrain on 36 miles of ski trails. Further west, Jay Peak (or Big Jay) is a remote resort that allows skiers and riders to truly embrace the rugged outdoors, and enjoy the most snow of any New England resort.
Skiing in Central Vermont
In central Vermont, among some of the state's highest peaks, the skiing is steep and the experience quintessential New England. The state's highest mountain, Mt. Mansfield, towers high at 4,395 feet and serves Stowe skiers, who can also enjoy Stowe's reputation as one of the best small mountain towns. Tucked in Vermont's Green Mountains, Smugglers' Notch is often referred to as one of the country's best-kept secrets, and with award-winning and innovative children's programs, gentle runs for the novices and steep slopes for the adults, the region's resorts are destined to please. Other winter activities in the area include cross country skiing, snowshoeing, sledding, ice skating, snowmobiling, horse-drawn sleigh rides, horseback riding, and visiting the Ben and Jerry ice cream factory in nearby Waterbury.
Skiing in Southern Vermont
For some big mountains and lively nightlife, skiers and riders should head to Vermont's southern cluster of ski resorts. While Stowe is located on the state's highest peak, the huge Killington Resort still boasts the highest lift-served skiing in the state and has incredibly diverse terrain. With the most extensive snowmaking system in the country, the resort can stay open for up to eight months a year. The region does not just draw partying vacationers taking advantage of Killington's lively nightlife though. Families are drawn to Okemo Mountain, one of the state's last family-owned and operated resorts, as well as mid-size Ascutney, conveniently located just a couple hours from Boston and with Hartford right off the highway. Cross-country skiing, sledding, horse-drawn sleigh rides, snowshoeing, tubing, ice skating, snowmobiling and skate skiing are all also offered in the area.
These southwestern-most resorts in Vermont, near Manchester, attract diverse crowds: young snowboarders, well-to-do skiers of the more elite variety, and families looking for an easy ski fix with a touch of New England charm. Stratton is a leading destination for snowboarders, who flock to the resort's renowned four terrain parks. The resort hosts snowboarding's U.S. Open every year and was a pioneer in the winter sport's culture. It is located just 20 miles from the town of Manchester, which serves as the region's model Vermont village, full of antique shops and white-steeple churches. Manchester can be visited or can serve as a base town for area resorts, like the family-friendly and practical Bromley Mountain Resort just six miles away, a favorite for intermediate-level skiers and riders. Other activities in the area include cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, ice skating, snowmobiling, and taking sleigh rides.
Skiing in New Hampshire's White Mountains Area
Mt. Washington Valley is a historic area offering classic New England-style skiing, hosting the country's best cross-country ski centers, and boasting some of the region's most rugged and extreme ski conditions. All the area resorts offer spectacular, even award-winning, views of the Presidential Mountain Range and of Mt. Washington, the tallest peak in the Northeast at 6,288 feet. The peak is also known for hosting some of the fastest winds measured on the planet, at a wild 231 miles per hour. Appropriately, such extreme weather means seriously extreme skiing at back-to-basic, rugged spots like Tuckerman Ravine and the family-owned Wildcat Ski Area. Just an hour away, Bretton Woods stands proudly as New Hampshire's largest ski resort, boasting some of the best children's programs in the country. Nearby towns of Bartlett, Jackson, and North Conway offer a variety of lodging options to suit all styles and budgets, as well as shopping, diverse nightlife, and dining. Other activities you can enjoy in the area include snowshoeing and cross-country skiing, horse-drawn sleigh rides, ice skating, snow tubing, train rides, snowmobiling, night skiing, and snowboarding.
The White Mountains are considered the most rugged mountains in New England and cover about a fourth of the entire state of New Hampshire. Still, the region manages to embrace diversity when it comes to terrain. You'll find the most classic of New England-style skiing at the charming Cannon Mountain resort, as well as trails less characteristic of the region, like the wide cruisers and four terrain parks of Waterville Valley. Loon Mountain is a convenient family favorite, and local base town Lincoln serves up plenty of lodging, nightlife, and dining options. The area also boasts plenty of other winter activities, including snow tubing, sleigh rides, ice skating, sledding, winter horseback riding, sleigh rides, cross-country skiing, ice climbing, winter mountaineering, snowmobile tours, and snowshoeing. The New England Ski Museum is located at Cannon Mountain's Tramway Base station, and, with free admission, is another great off-mountain option.
Skiing in New Hampshire's Lakes Area
Deep in New Hampshire's Lakes Area, ski resorts boast classic New England runs and an extensive network of cross-country tails. Cardigan Mountain is actually the second-highest peak in southern New Hampshire, and its resort is considered a classic New England winter destination.
Further south, Mt. Monadnock is rumored to be the second-most-frequently-climbed mountain in the world, after Japan's Mt. Fuji. Cross-country skiing and snowshoeing is available on the mountain's lower slopes.
Ski Resorts in Burlington, Stowe, Rutland and the New Hampshire and Vermont mountains
Skiing
