New Hampshire Spring Skiing
Enjoy New Hampshire's End Of Ski Season Festivities
Looking for some excitement to start off the spring ski season? If so, then don't miss out on the huge variety of end of ski year celebrations taking place all over northern New England. With events ranging from the timeless pond skimming to tropical island themed luau with live music you can't go wrong.
The New England Telemark Spring Fling at Bretton Woods Mountain Resort will include lessons, clinics, and demo equipment. A Reggae après ski bash is to follow!
Check out the Annual Attitash On-Snow Golf Tournament. Costume-clad teams of four will hook, slice, pitch and putt their way through a 9-hole course designed by the resort's master groomers, complete with elevated tee boxes, bunkers, greens and more.
For more Spring Skiing events please visit our March Events & April Events .
On Snow Golf
Attitash , Bartlett NH
Visit us for our annual On Snow Golf tournament. This 9 hole golf tournament is on skis, snowboard or telemark. Teams of 4 play a Best Ball format as they make their way down the trails. Following the tournament there will be live music and more fun.
NE Telemark Spring Fling
Mount Washington Resort , Bretton Woods, NH
This all day even features telemark skis with demos and clinics mixed in with a costume contest and to finish the day, a party with live reggae music.
Pond Skim, Garage Band Party and Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer Garden
March 19, 2011
Pat's Peak , Henniker NH
Event starts at 1PM
Join the fun as a participant or a spectator! Participants ski or snowboard across a man made pond -- hopefully without falling in! Registration:8:30am to 11:30pm day of the event at the Valley Lodge. No Entry Fee but a purchase of at least a Bluster Area Lift Ticket is required. All entrants must sign waiver. If entrants are under 18, parent/guardian must sign waiver.No ski poles are allowed. Prizes for:Best Costume, Best Splash, Best Skim.
13th Annual Slush Cup
Mount Sunapee Resort, NH
It’s Wet & Wild! Join in the fun as participants ski and snowboard across a 90’man-made pond. Tons of prizes and entertainment. There are only 200 slots, so make sure to sign up soon.
Slush Pool Party
Loon Mountain , Lincoln NH
Pond skimming at its best! The event will start at Noon, but make sure to sign up in the morning before the event.
Extreme Pond Skimming
