New England Ski and Golf Vacations
STOWE MOUNTAIN VERMONT GOLF RESORT
Stowe Mountain Resort's Premier 36-hole Golf Destination
Stowe Mountain Resort is the premier 36-hole golf destination in New England, offering two distinctive golfing experiences both on and off the mountain. From our historic Stowe Country Club to the brand new Stowe Mountain Golf Club, golf in the Green Mountains of Vermont just doesn't get any better.
Stowe Country Club
The Stowe Country Club offers players a tour through the rich history of golf in Vermont. Located on a turn-of-the-century dairy farm, its clubhouse residing in the original brick farmhouse, this 6,200-yard layout will test the skill of any player.
The 360 degree views of the surrounding mountains, the long temperate summer days, and the feeling that everything is going your way makes each shot a memory to cherish.
This is also the home of the Vermont Golf Academy , which offers a variety of instructional sessions designed to polish every aspect of your game.
Stowe Mountain Golf Club
This is the course that has caught the attention of the golfing world. Stowe Mountain Golf Club, recognized by Golf Magazine as one of the “Top 10 new courses you can play,” meanders along the slopes of Mount Mansfield and Spruce Peak , reaching an elevation of more than 1,800 feet.
It is this dramatic setting that has caused course designer Bob Cupp to remark, “Once every few decades, a spectacular sight for golf appears. Such is the case at the foot of Mount Mansfield in Vermont. There may be no finer collection of short par fours anywhere in America.”
Click here for more STOWE MOUNTAIN GOLF information.
Welcome to the next generation of Travel & Tourism Information and Entertainment.  From the heart of Vermont’s Green Mountains, High Peaks Media is owned and operated by New Englanders with a pure passion for the Lakes and Mountains of the Northeast.
Looking for New England Ski & Golf information? You have found your resourse for: Vermont Ski Resort Vacations , Vermont Lodging & Dining Deals , Vermont Mountain Vacations , Vermont Ski & Snowboard Packages , Killington Mountain Resort Specials , Vermont Bed & Breakfast Vacations , Vermont Fall Foliage Vacations , Vermont Resort Vacations , Vermont Mountain Hotels , New England Resort Vacations , Vermont Mountain Inns , Vermont Summer Vacations and Vermont Winter Vacations .
For an inside view of resort life, take a video tour at www.powderbank.com and turn your lunch break at the office into a chair lift ride to the top of your favorite Ski Trails in New Egland.  With all the information you need to plan your next trip, powderbank.com is the one stop resort shop for snow sport enthusiasts everywhere!
Thank you for visiting NewEnglandSkiAndGolf.com , a High Peaks Media company.  Enjoy your New England Vacation, and we'll see you in the Mountains!
