Luxury New England Ski Trips
New England Skiing...
Vermont | New Hampshire | Maine
New England is all about charming ski towns, and classic ski mountains. There  are so many choices for a winter ski vacation at New England ski resorts. You  can ski and stay at country inns or a Relais and Chateaux bed and breakfast, or  stay slopeside in a fully equipped ski condo or an on mountain hotel like the Stowe Mountain Lodge with an  outdoor heated pool, steps from the beginner slopes and a chairlift ride away  from expert terrain. New England is a skiers’ haven with top ski resorts and  some top rated places to stay in ski country
What’s ideal about skiing in New England is that you can alpine and cross  country ski all day and return to a luxury inn for sunset over the mountains  with wine and Vermont Cheddar cheese. Non skiers can spend the day at a ski  resort spa, go snowshoeing, snow tubing, or take in a little boutique shopping  and art galleries in the ski town. A horse drawn carriage ride through the ski  village is a great choice.
Some of the best skiing in New England is in Vermont , or so our panel of ski  experts and ski travel pros have determined. There are some truly luxurious ski  inns in Vermont, like Stowe’s Green Mountain Inn or the Topnotch Resort and Spa.
New Hampshire has declared skiing as their official winter sport. The Granite  State of NH offers a few elegant ski lodges and four diamond ski hotels for  couples and for honeymooners. NH has the largest mountain on the Eastern  Seaboard, Mount Washington, and staying at the Mount Washington Hotel is grand,  gorgeous and gracious. The Village of Jackson is picture postcard perfect, and  staying at The Wentworth is elegant and  ever close to extensive Nordic and Downhill skiing. Some of NH's best  snowmaking is at Loon Mountain , which is easy to  get to and offers ego pleasing terrain with modern lifts and on mountain  lodging.
Maine has some mighty big ski mountains, Sugarloaf and Sunday River are the biggest and best places to ski – full service ski resorts. The challenge is  finding lodging that is luxurious enough to make your ski vacation complete.  Sunday River and Sugarloaf both feature luxury ski in ski out hotels. Saddleback, Sugarloaf and Sunday River all have on mountains ski condos, some  are quite nice- most are not quite worthy. And there are a few new mountain  homes for rent in Maine that are setting a new higher standard.
While the big resort skiing of New England is in Maine, New Hampshire and  Vermont, Massachusetts has a few ski resorts worth a visit, if you find a nice  bed and breakfast in the Berkshires, you can ski Jiminy Peak. Also see our  selection of the best ski trails in New  England .
