lost ski areas in New England and 80 elsewhere!
Now celebrating 13 years on the web!
Lost Ski Areas of Southern Vermont Available!
NELSAP's second book - the Lost Ski Areas of Southern Vermont is on sale! Click here for ordering directions!. Lost Ski Areas of the White Mountains is also available.
 NELSAP Store 2012 Calendar is now available! The NELSAP store sells T-shirts, calendars, mugs, and more! Click on the image to see the calendar, and to make a purchase. All proceeds go to running the site, acquiring materials, etc.
Third     book in the works!  This winter I am writing Lost Ski Areas of the Southern     Adirondacks, which will be out next summer! This will feature     about 25 ski areas and 75 photos with more background     information/memories than ever before. If you skied at a lost     southern Adirondack area or have more info/photos, please email me     at nelsap@yahoo.com .
Vintage Ski Race - Northeast Slopes - Feb 19 Northeast Slopes, VT is hosting a vintage ski race on the 19th,     which promises to be a great experience! For more information on     this race, please check out the this link .
Have you ever wondered what happened to your favorite ski area? Why did it close? What was the history behind it? Ever driven by a closed ski area and wondered what it was, its legacy?
NELSAP is here to answer your questions. Stories, pictures, and hard facts are used to describe the lost ski areas of New England and elsewhere. Since October of 1998 more than 670 areas have been listed on this site! Each state is listed on the menu bar on the left side of this webpage. Just click a state and you'll be on your way to exploring some rather interesting history.
Your input is critical to the future growth of NELSAP. If you'd like to send us some information, please visit our
"Contribute Info"
page on the left to learn how, or send an email to nelsap@yahoo.com Your emails have made a very important contribution to the site since we were founded. We will try to get back to you and use your information on the site, though due to the volume of emails we receive, we may not be able to get back to you promptly.
Please be sure to check out the New England Ski Museum , another great organization dedicated to collecting, preserving, and exhibiting ski history for the purpose of research, education, and entertainment. Become a member and help support skiing's past.
If you enjoy reading about the lost ski areas of New England, please consider making a donation. NELSAP will always remain free, but costs to run the site can be substantial. Those who donate will receive a personal thank you from myself and their name on donations page. Please note that the donations are not tax deductible. If you're interested, please follow the link on the left.
Enjoy your stay!
