by Jennifer Eblin
Created on: November 14, 2007   Last Updated: January 28, 2008
For those looking to find the most challenging ski resorts in New England, look no further. Resorts in New England have the best trails, the best powder, and the most challenging trails imaginable.
Mad River Glen is a favorite among New England locals, and after a trip there, its easy to see why. This is one of the few "undiscovered" skiing gems in the area, and that's just one of the reasons why it is so loved. This is one of the places where locals can move down the slopes, without worrying about running into an uncoordinated tourist trying to adjust their boot straps. Death defying twists and gorgeous views are two more reasons why people return here year after year.
Or head over to the Killington Ski Resort for a trip down one of their double black diamond runs. Expert skiers come from around the world for the chance to ski Killington, and to try their hand at one of these advanced runs. There are few resorts in the world that can match Killington in terms of the sheer number of advanced runs. They also provide trails for beginners and intermediate skiers, but this place is typically overrun with more experienced athletes.
Some skiers might prefer the challenges held at Sugarloaf. Sugarloaf is another favorite of the locals, but this time a favorite skiing hideaway in Maine. Sugarloaf has great trails, and is far less crowded than some of the other ski resorts in New England. It seems like many beginners or novice skiers, prefer to stay closer to home rather than travel north to Maine. Their loss is your gain. Sugarloaf also has trails that combine acrobatics and other ways to break up the monotony of a typical ski trail. You never know when you might find a tree right in the middle of the path.
These are just a few of the most challenging ski resorts New England has to offer. Skiing there is unlike skiing anywhere else in the world, which is why people come from all over the world for the chance to ski these trails. Better yet, the resorts offer the best amenities and luxuries all at affordable, and reasonable prices. After a day of tempting your fate and facing your fears, you can sit back and enjoy the beautiful views with a mug of warm apple cider or hot chocolate.
Learn more about this author, Jennifer Eblin .
Click here to send this author comments or questions.
Below are the top articles rated and ranked by Helium members on:
The most challenging ski resorts in New England
