Closed
N/A
Tahoe is renowned for it's incredible variety of both downhill skiing and cross-country skiing options; you could easily ski or board a different mountain every day for an entire two weeks.
Lake Tahoe Skiing and snowboarding has something for everyone. From small family-friendly ski areas to large world-class resorts, there's a Lake Tahoe ski resort for any level of skier, snowboarder or cross-country enthusiast.
Tahoe is alive with history. Donner Summit's Sugar Bowl was one of the first California ski resorts. The 1960 Winter Olympics put Squaw Valley on the map. Heavenly Ski Area rode the wave of 70's freestyle, and Northstar enters the new millennium poised as a freeride Mecca.  Tons of terrain, abundant events, and various winter recreation options beckon visitors from around the world. Pick a resort and enter the "blue world" of Lake Tahoe.
Tahoe area ski resorts also offer plenty of year-round activities that make them almost as popular in the summer as they are in the winter. Most resorts are just a short drive from wonderful beaches, and of course you'll have plenty of options for Lake Tahoe Golfing . Both sides of the Lake also offer plenty of year 'round entertainment options. Be sure to check out the Lake Tahoe Events calendar before your visit.
If you want lots of lodging options, Tahoe's got them. From a huge selection of Lake Tahoe vacation rentals to Lake Tahoe hotels that come in every type and size, you won't have any problem finding accommodations that match your style and budget.
Looking for Lake Tahoe Deals & Specials?
Save Big on Your Trip to Lake Tahoe.
Check Back Often for Tahoe's Biggest Discounts.
Hotel Specials and Lodging Packages, Stay and Ski Free.
Ski Resort Deals, and Dining 2 for 1's.
Find the Perfect Lake Tahoe Hotel or Resort.
EVERY Hotel, Motel, Resort, Inn and Lodge in the Lake Tahoe area.
Ski-in/Ski-out, All Suite, 4 Star Resorts, Intimate B&B's
South Lake Tahoe, North Lake Tahoe and the Beautiful West Shore.
Includes Truckee CA, Donner Summit, Donner Lake
Search Thousands of Lake Tahoe Vacation Rentals.
Largest Vacation Rental Directory in the Lake Tahoe area.
All Major Ski Resorts, Lakefronts, Pet Friendly Homes
South Lake Tahoe, North Lake Tahoe and the Beautiful West Shore.
Includes Truckee CA, Donner Summit, Donner Lake
The Golf Tahoe Guide: Discover Lake Tahoe's Unforgettable Courses
Directory of Every Golf Course in Lake Tahoe, Truckee and Reno
Course Reviews, Summaries and Pricing
Plan a Perfect Lake Tahoe Golf Vacation Today
Including Plumas and Sierra Counties
Experience Lake Tahoe's Famous Nightlife and Entertainment
World Class Entertainment Options
All in an Extraordinary High Sierra Setting
Coming Soon: Food and Wine Festival
Incomparable Lake Tahoe Views, 24 Hour Nightlife, Casinos with "Altitude"
South Lake Tahoe: Home to Caesar's, Harrah's, MontBleau (just to name a few).
Incline Village: Classic "Tahoe Style" at the Hyatt Regency Grand Lodge Casino.
Historic Crystal Bay: Walk (or gamble) in Sinatra, Dean & Sammy's Footsteps.
Plus of course: Reno, Just a Short Drive "down the hill".
The SkiTahoe Guide: With Over 14 Resorts, You'll Want to Explore.
Over 14 Lake Tahoe Ski Resorts to Choose From
Home of Squaw Valley, Alpine Meadows, Heavenly
Lake Tahoe's Skiing and Snowboarding: Famous for a Reason
400-500 Inches of Snow Annually + 300 Days of Sunshine
