readers' choice awards
All six New England states have ski areas (yes, even Rhode Island!), but the finalists for Best New England Ski Resort were all located in the northern states' higher elevations. It was up to readers to decide which Vermont, Maine or New Hampshire mountain destination would win the New England Travel Readers' Choice Award .
The winner and runners-up for Best New England Ski Resort are...
1. ***Winner*** Okemo Mountain Resort
© 2006 Kim Knox Beckius
This family-owned ski mountain in Ludlow, Vermont, prides itself on being "the big mountain that gets the little things right." Skiers who have experienced "The Okemo Difference" return time and again to this mountain resort, which has won awards for everything from service and grooming to environmental practices and marketing excellence.
2. Omni Mount Washington Resort
The Mount Washington Resort, with its storied grand hotel, offers New Hampshire skiers access to exhilarating winter recreation at its Bretton Woods alpine and Nordic ski centers. New Hampshire's largest ski area consistently earns high rankings for everything from its family programs to its breathtaking scenery.
3. Stowe Mountain Resort
Skiers know they'll often find the deepest snow at Stowe Mountain Resort, where the highest mountain in Vermont receives an impressive annual average of 333 inches of natural snow each winter. In addition to excellent skiing, the town of Stowe, Vermont, beckons with fine lodging and dining, eclectic shopping and myriad après-ski activities.
4. Sunday River
Sunday River in Newry sprawls across eight interconnected mountain peaks: It is one of Maine's largest ski areas, and it's grown dramatically in both size and popularity in the past 50 years. In addition to offering extensive snowmaking and an average of 14 feet of natural snow annually, Sunday River entices skiers with its lively schedule of entertainment and events.
5. Killington
Media photo courtesy of Killington
With six mountains and 600 acres of snowmaking, Killington Resort in Killington, Vermont, is one of the dominant players on the New England snow sports scene. Situated in the heart of the Green Mountains, Killington delivers not only diverse terrain but lively après ski options.
More Readers' Choice Awards
