
Jay Peak Vermont Inns | Pet-friendly Lodging, Jay Peak Ski Vacations, Romantic Bed and Breakfast,  Luxury Getaways at New England's most romantic inn - Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn near Jay Peak Resort
 
New England's Most Romantic Pet-Friendly Inn
The Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn welcomes you to pampered luxury at our romantic Vermont inn near Jay Peak, Vermont. We offer the charming hospitality of a northern Vermont bed and breakfast while ensuring our guests all the privacy and convenience of a boutique luxury inn. New England's most romantic pet-friendly inn, the Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn is nestled in the Green Mountains on Montgomery Center's Historic Main Street, right at the base of Jay Peak Resort , just north of Stowe and central to many attractions — Jay Peak skiing , snowmobiling, canoeing, hiking, biking, horseback riding, golfing , shopping, fine dining and much more! Our Specials & Packages will help you start planning your next romantic vacation at The Phineas Swann Bed & Breakfast Inn.
 
An "All-inclusive" Resort-like Experience near Jay Peak
Are you tired of being charged for internet service when you stay at a hotel? Do you feel nickeled-and-dimed - and worse yet, surprised - when you get your bill at
checkout and see a list of charges for the simplest of vacation pleasures? Are you looking for all-inclusive vacation pricing in the Jay Peak area? As a bed and breakfast inn, we don't provide mega-resort all-inclusive vacations, but our pricing does include A LOT of amenities that you would have to pay for as add-on charges at other lodging in the area. We provide Wi-Fi Internet access everywhere on our property, an all-you-can-eat gourmet breakfast , full cable TV with HBO and Showtime, all day coffee, tea, soft drinks, snacks, cookies, brownies, free telephone service anywhere in the US and Canada, free DVD "rentals" for you to enjoy in your room, and use of our outdoor Hot Tub, ALL INCLUDED IN YOUR ROOM RATE. Many, if not most of these items, would be add on charges at any other lodging accommodations in the area.
 
Best Place to Stay in Vermont for Outdoor Adventure 
The Jay Peak area of Northern Vermont, where our inn sits on historic Main Street in Montgomery Center, is one of the best regions in New England for Outdoor Adventure. In spring, summer, and fall, enjoy canoeing and kayaking on the Northern Forest Canoe Trail, horseback riding, hiking at Hazen's Notch, or taking a dogcart ride with Montgomery Adventures , the area's premier adventure guide service providers and outfitters. In winter, you'll enjoy a variety of outdoor adventure - after all, the Montgomery / Jay Peak region is one of the snowiest vacation destinations in the eastern United States. Jay Peak averages an annual natural snowfall of 355 inches - the greatest annual snowfall on the Eastern Seaboard. Some of our favorite winter activities include Dogsledding with Montgomery Adventures , snowshoeing, ice fishing, and of course, skiing at Jay Peak!
View the weather for the Jay Peak area with the Jay Peak Snow Report & Ski Weather Forecast at Snowforecast.com.
 
The Peak of Luxury with Pet-friendly Accommodations
Relax in the plush comfort of our fully-remodeled and fully climate controlled historic Vermont inn, conveniently located only 8 miles from Jay Peak Resort. Our luxurious accommodations are furnished with fine antiques and romantic four-poster beds.
Unlike other luxury inns and boutique hotels, the Phineas Swann is a very pet-friendly inn , and we look forward to making your next Vermont vacation special for both you and your pet. A great choice for a Jay Peak area vacation with your pet is our Deluxe Dog Spa Package - our package includes accommodations in our Honeymoon suite, doggie massage, grooming, bed-sleeping permission, and more!  During the Winter, try our Pet Perfect Ski Package - this wonderful package includes lodging, breakfast (with a Doggie Bag treat for your pet), ski tickets to Jay Peak Ski Resort, dog-walking services, and a lot of TLC for your baby while you ski the slopes.
As a testament to our pet-friendly nature, Lanier Travel Guides has awarded the Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn its Most Pet Friendly 2011 award. This is the second year in a row that we have received their Most Pet Friendly Inn award, as were were also the recipient of the award in 2010. Read more about this prestigious award on our Reviews page.
 
Vermont's Romantic Getaway Destination
If you’re looking for a romantic getaway in Vermont, look no further than the Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn. Boston Magazine has named Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn one of New England’s Top 5 Romantic Inns in their Best Winter Escapes magazine, and Romantic Country Magazine just named the inn one of the USA's Most Romantic Winter Getaways in their Winter 2009 issue.
Our romantic accommodations are furnished with fine antiques and four-poster beds with luxurious linens, yet also have all the modern conveniences, such as plasma televisions, DVD players, Wi-Fi internet, courtesy phones, and individual climate controls. Our main inn is cozy in the winter (imagine yourself relaxing in front of the fireplace with a hot cocoa) and airy in the summer, offering tea, coffee, cold beverages, and endless snacks throughout the day.  
You’ll start each day of your romantic getaway with an unforgettable breakfast   – everyone raves about John’s breakfast recipes , such as banana walnut pancakes, country omelets with Vermont cheddar cheese, raspberry stuffed French toast made with homemade potato bread, and strawberry crepes. During the day, take a romantic stroll though our gardens , lovingly designed and cared for by Jay, or sit in an Adirondack chair by the Trout River with a glass of wine as you listen to the sounds of the river. In the evening, relax in our outdoor hot tub under northern Vermont’s star-filled sky.
Reserve your next Vermont romantic getaway at the Phineas Swann with our online reservation tool, or consider having your Vermont Wedding here with us.  We specialize in intimate weddings and look forward to helping you make your wedding day as special as it can be.
Download our  brochure (pdf - 1.7 MB).
 
Reviews and Accolades
 Named 2009 B&B Innkeepers of the Year by the Vermont Hospitality Council
 Awarded the Most Pet Friendly Inn 2011 and Most Pet Friendly Inn 2010 Awards by Pamela Lanier Guides
 Listed as the #1 Top Rated B&B/Inn for Vermont State with a 5 out of 5 rating by TripAdvisor.com
 TripAdvisor.com 2012 and 2011 Winner - Certificate of Excellence
 Recommended as a pet-friendly "romantic Victorian B&B" offering creature comforts and dog-centric services - New York Newsday
 Voted Readers' Choice for Best of New England: 2010 Favorites in the B&B category - Yankee Magazine
 "The inn stands out for its catering to couples looking for a romantic getaway, and for people traveling with their dogs... It's a cozy place for a wedding or a romantic vacation." - New England Ski Journal
 Rated as one of the Top 5 Most Romantic New or Renovated Historic Inns in all of New England in Best Winter Escapes - Boston Magazine
 Regarded as "...a thriving year-round destination choice for travelers" by The Burlington Free Press
 Named one of the 5 Most Romantic Winter Getaways in the USA by Romantic Country Magazine
 Recommended as a "Delightful Village B & B" by Vermont: An Explorer's Guide
Considered a "must see" and "plush" by Montreal's La Presse
 The inn is a "...well-kept century old farm house (with a) belt-loosening breakfast of omelets stuffed with Vermont Cheddar cheese, maple-sugar-battered bacon, and strawberry-preserve crêpes—a recipe John picked up in the South of France." - New York Magazine
 Selected as "Editor's Pick" by Yankee Magazine
 Choice for the state of Vermont by Frommer's "50 Great Getaways"
 Yankee Magazine named the town of Montgomery one of the Top 25 Fall Foliage Towns in New England in its Sept/Oct 2010 issue
 National Geographic Adventure Magazine named the town of Montgomery a Top 100 Adventure Town in the USA
 Read our reviews , mentions, and notices!
 
Are We the Most Romantic Inn? Most Pet-friendly Inn?
Write a Review or Vote for Us!
Did you enjoy your Vermont vacation at our Jay Peak area Bed and Breakfast Inn? Would you like to share information about your recent getaway with other travelers to Northern Vermont? Consider writing a review of the Phineas Swann Bed and Breakfast Inn - we have links to Trip Advior and BedandBreakfast.com on our Reviews page that will let you share your vacation experiences with others.
If you would like to nominate the Phineas Swann B&B Inn for a Bed and Breakfast award , visit Pamela Lanier's Bed and Breakfast Inns Travel Guide. You can choose up to ten categories, including choices like Most Pet-friendly, Most Romantic, Most Comfortable Bed, Most Attentive Staff, Best Website, and Inn of the Year, among others!  Now if only they had a category for best ski vacation...  Thanks for voting!
 
Many of the photos of northern Vermont, Jay Peak, and the Montgomery Center area used on our website are courtesy of Lenny Christopher Photography, Montgomery Center, VT.
Many of the photos of our rooms, the inn, and weddings at the Phineas Swann are courtesy of Shawn Corrow of Cold Hollow Photography.
 
New York, Boston, and Yankee Magazines,
Montreal Gazette, and Montreal’s La Presse
Phineas Swann Inn News
MontgomeryJayPeak.org Website Launches
A new website - www.MontgomeryJayPeak.org - has just launched to help visitors explore the Montgomery Jay Peak area. It loaded with lots of information on day trips, nearby attractions, dining, and more. Check it out, and have fun exploring this wonderful town that we call home!
Vermont Weddings at the Phineas Swann
Specializing in unique and elegant weddings for 15-50 guests, we provide complete wedding packages with transparent costing, so you can have the wedding you want at the price you are expecting. Visit our Vermont Weddings page for more information.
Build Your Own Vacation Package
The Phineas Swann now offers a way to customize your upcoming vacation with us - you can now build your own vacation package and enjoy a getaway that is uniquely you!
Don't See Availability?
Don't see availability for the dates you want? Give us a call, as we might have a last minute cancellation or specials that don't appear on our website. (802) 326-4306.
E-Newsletter and Facebook
The Phineas Swann sends out seasonal e-newsletters as well as occasional notices of specials and last-minute deals. If you would like to receive our emails, please join our mailing list by clicking the link below:
