Vermont |   New Hampshire |   Maine
Vermont is known for its charm and scenery, and a ski vacation in the Green  Mountains is no exception. Like Vermont cheddar cheese, each resort has its own  flavor, and you’ll find a range of fine lodging from  Vermont ski homes for rent,  to Vermont ski lodges and ski hotels, to Vermont country Inns – where you slide  out of your ski boots and into fluffy slippers by the fireplace. There are  beautiful ski town bed and breakfasts with in room fireplaces, wake from under  your down duvet for pancakes and fresh Vermont maple syrup before hitting the  slopes.
Vermont ski trips are luxurious if you find that cozy Vermont inn for après ski,  or a full service resort hotel. Sugarbush, Stowe, Killington and Okemo are home  to some lovely Vermont accommodations in ski country.
Stowe
If you picture in your mind a grand Alps hotel in ski country – the kind you see  out west or in Europe with huge timbers and an alpine design, then a Stowe ski  vacation is your lift ticket. Skiers and snowboarders are treated like royalty  with valet ski service and an alpine concierge at the Stowe Mountain Lodge  and Spa at Spruce Peak Village is  steps to the lifts and steps above New England “grand ski hotels”. This green  hotel in white snow country ushers in a new era for upscale ski lodging in  Vermont with suite accommodations, an on site spa and gourmet mountain cuisine  featuring localvore products prepared by executive chefs, surrounded by a new  ski village at the base of Spruce and a gondola ride from Mt Mansfield’s  legendary Front Four terrain. There are other top shelf lodging option in Stowe,  if you forego the slopeside hotel – the flipside is you are closer to the  charming town of Stowe and all the Mountain Road shopping, dining and charm of  Stowe Village – which dates back three centuries. Closest to the mountain, after  you pass the popular Matterhorn après ski bar, is Topnotch Resort and Spa .  Topnotch, like its name, offers classy accommodations and a beautiful spa. You  can stay in the original hotel or opt for a Topnotch townhouse with Jacuzzi and  fireplace. This resort is lovely, and the spa is – like its name Top Notch.
Further down Stowe’s Mountain Road is the Stoweflake. The spa at Stoweflake  is huge and impressive including a two story waterfall, their après ski massage  treatments are reputed and provide reparation after a big day on Stowe’s trails.  If you have seen the Sound of Music, you will sing at the sight of Stowe’s Trapp  Family Lodge. The Trapp family settled in Stowe, and you will see why when you  stay at this beautiful lodging property, its a mini Austria complete with an  Austrian tea room and the private chalets are plucked from the Alps. If you  prefer a posh inn in-town, The Green Mountain Inn is a lovely Vermont inn,  the original place to stay in Stowe dating back to 1883.  Suites have Jacuzzi tubs and fireplaces. Downstairs at the Green Mountain Inn,  enjoy a drink at the Whip or walk Stowe’s adorable Main Street and visit the  Vermont Ski  Museum.
Sugarbush
Sugarbush is a legendary ski resort, with a colorful past of celebrity skiers,  famous ski racers, and some of the first extreme ski film stars. This Vermont  ski valley is still starry at night, if you are staying at super romantic inn. The Relais and Chateaux Pitcher Inn , for example, has beautifully decorated  suites – each with its own personality. We recommend the Ski Room to inspire  your special ski trip – of course you may not want to leave your room, except to  head downstairs for a four diamond meal in the dining room, or to the Alta Spa – under the same ownership as the Inn and Sugarbush ski resort – former Wall  Street tycoon Winn Smith.
Sugarbush's on mountain hotel, called the Clay Brook Inn offers a ski in ski out hotel, you can walk to the lifts, ski back to the slopeside pool  or stop by Timbers restaurant for après ski drinks in your ski boots. While you  are visiting the Mad River Valley, be sure to save time for the fine ski shops (Sportiv  is our favorite for elegant European ski clothes), Vermont country stores and  some of the best ski country restaurants.
A bit more casual bed and breakfast at Sugarbush, but certainly romantic is The  Inn at Round Barn Farm – this popular wedding and honeymoon setting has pastoral  views of Mad River Valley, ad evening snowshoe tours led by a Labrador (how  romantic) to a candlelight cabin in the Vermont woods. Ask for the honeymoon  suite at the Inn, even if its not your wedding night.
Okemo
Okemo is the best Vermont ski resort for fall line foodees – with New England’s  best on mountain food and service. This ski resort in central Vermont has well  groomed trails like World Cup and lovely views of Ludlow Valley …but it’s the on  mountain cuisine that puts Okemo in the top ten ski resorts in New England.  Okemo slopeside condos and home rentals are abundant, or you can stay at the  massive mountain hotel – The Jackson Gore Inn which features hotel suites for  skiers. Resort amenities include covered ice skating in the Ice House, and  indoor swimming all winter in the Spring House.
If you can forego mountainside accommodations at Okemo, you will be rewarded at  the Castle Hill Inn and Spa , lodging in an authentic Vermont Castle with  stunning views of Okemo’s ski trails from your luxurious suite.
Stratton Mountain Resort is elegant, but edgy  - high speed lifts and a well designed slopeside village make this a  sophisticated ski spot. Private dining at the Stratton Mountain Club, and a  gorgeous Green Mountain Vermont setting add relaxation and a touch of regal to  your luxury ski vacation.
If après ski and resort entertainment is a priority, then Killington is known as  the best ski party spot in New England. Killington Mountain is the biggest ski  resort in New England, and Killington’s lodging options are vast but not  particularly upscale. For now, staying slope side at the Killington Grand (while  not really grand) is the best location with an outdoor heated pool. Killington  is now owned by Powdr Corp., and big changes are coming to this Vermont resort.  If you like skiing a bit quieter, you can day trip to Pico Peak - the sister  resort to Killington where you will find no lift lines, but plenty of friendly  Vermonters. If you ski Pico, you are in for a treat.
Smugglers Notch in Vermont is the best  choice for families with young kids just learning to ski or ride. Smuggs' ski  and snowboard camps are among the best in ski country, with all day supervision,  and award winning instruction, plus fun family activities for après ski.
Woodstock is a postcard perfect town, stay at the Rockefeller’s Woodstock Inn  for four diamond lodging, a great location in Woodstock Center just steps from  covered bridges, and the quaint historic village. From the lovely Woodstock Inn ,  you can ski Suicide Six or Killington, then return for spa treatments, an  elegant dinner in the formal dining room, then a nightcap and dancing in the Pub  which dates back to 1793.
If you like the excitement of a city along with your ski trip, then stay at a Burlington Hilton Hotel and day trip to nearby downhill skiing by day at Smuggs,  Jay Peak, Bolton Valley or Stowe, and save energy for downtown dining, dancing,  even bar hopping at night. You can stay at the Hilton overlooking Lake Champlain  for the best of Burlington and you’re a half hour to an hour’s drive to some of  the best Vermont skiing.
