VACATION TIME WITH KIDS AND TEENS MADE EASY       AT SKI NH RESORTS
 
NORTH WOODSTOCK, NH, NOVEMBER 2005       - Keeping kids happy, even       on a vacation, can be a real challenge -- but it's easy at any       of Ski NH"s kid-friendly winter resorts.  The programs       and activities for winter fun at these resorts have plenty of       options for kids of all ages - from little tykes to teens.  Programs for younger skiers combine personal attention, safety,       and instruction along with the opportunity to make new friends       on the slope.  For older kids and teens, there's the exciting       world of halfpipes, terrain parks, snowtoys, night skiing, snowtubing       and any number of wild and crazy fun events to enter or watch.  At Ski NH winter resorts, family members can do their own thing,       depending on age, ability, and interest, while at the same time       building great family memories of being together for winter fun.
To make skiing more affordable for       families, children age 5 and younger ski free at every Ski NH       resort except McIntyre.  At Crotched Mountain, children       age 6 and younger ski free.  Every resort offers discounted       prices on lift tickets for juniors and teens, as well as when       multiple days are purchased.  Here are some other highlights:        
ATTITASH:       For more information, call (603) 374-2368 or visit www.attitash.com
The Adventure Center: Located right       at the base area, the Attitash Adventure Center has everything       under one roof for families and kids.  All learn-to-ski       and learn-to-ride programs, children's programs, seasonal programs,       day care facilities, rental equipment, and adaptive programs       for disabled skiers originate at the Adventure Center.
Young children: The Buddy Bear Kids       program (age 4-6) and the Adventure Kids and Low Riders program       (age 7-12) include lessons and lift tickets.   
Teens: For teens interested in joining       seasonal programs that offer great instruction, exciting competition       and peer camaraderie, there is the Attitash Racing Development       Team, the Bump Busters Freestyle Team and the Snowboard Competition       Team.  Almost every weekend there are just-for-fun events       open to all ability levels. 
BALSAMS WILDERNESS: For more information, call (603) 255-3400       or visit  www.thebalsams.com
Named one of America's Ten Best Family       Resorts in Family Life magazine, The BALSAMS Grand Resort       Hotel knows how to keep kids happy.  Registered guests of       the hotel receive free daytime child care at no charge.
At the ski area: There are no lift       lines, no crowds, and no hassles.  There is a separate slope       for beginners and a ski play area for youngsters. 
At the hotel: There are sleigh rides,       bonfires, ice skating, winter nature hikes, game rooms, movies       and evening entertainment for kids of all ages.
BLACK MOUNTAIN:       For more information, call (603) 383-4490 or visit www.blackmt.com
Black is known for being family friendly.  The ski area is the ideal size for kids to enjoy and remains       uncrowded even at the busiest of times.
Kids' Programs: Black has programs       for all ages of kids.  The Tots Snow Flake is for kids ages       3 & 4, Snow Busters is for ages 5-8, and Mountain Action       Gang is for kids 9-12 years old.
BRETTON WOODS:       For more information, call (603) 278-3320 or visit www.brettonwoods.com
Bretton Woods is an award-winning ski       area that has long catered to families.  Family Travel       Forum named it one of the "Top Ten Getaways for Tiny       Travelers" and SKI magazine's readers' survey gave       superior ratings to its family programs, grooming, and scenery.
Family Learning Center: The Family       Learning Center offers a variety of child-friendly lifts to help       make learning to ski or snowboard easier, and the Wonder Carpet,       Handle Tow, and the new Crawford Quad Chair are all designed       for easy use by kids.  A nursery is available for children       age 2 months-5 years.
Young children: The Hobbit Ski and       Snowboard School (age 4-12) offers all day fun and instructional       programs in skiing or snowboarding and includes two lessons,       equipment rental, lift ticket, and lunch.  Children are       matched with others of the same age and ability.  Younger       kids (ages 3-5) can enjoy the Hobbit Ski and Snowplay Program.
Other Activities: Five trails and two       lifts stay open on Friday and Saturday nights for those kids       with plenty of energy.  At the Bretton Arms and The Mount       Washington Hotel, there are indoor pools, as well as game rooms       with billiards, pinball and electronic games.
CANNON MOUNTAIN: For more information, call (603) 823-8800 or       visit www.cannonmt.com
Young Children: Cannon offers a wide       range of programs for kids.  Mountain Explorers are half       day sessions for children ages 8-12.  The Cannon Kids program       is for kids ages 4-7. 
The Brookside Learning Center: This       newly renovated learning center has everything families need       with regards to day care facilities and learn-to-ski programs.  Beginner slopes are located right outside the door, and intermediate       skiers can enjoy the view from the top with easy access to top-to-bottom       intermediate trails.    
Teens: A terrain park with bumps, banks       and jumps, along with two professionally designed halfpipes,       keeps the older kids challenged.       
CRANMORE MOUNTAIN RESORT: For more information, call (603) 356-5543 or       visit www.cranmore.com
Cranmore offers a variety of family-friendly       programs either by day or for an entire season. 
Young children: The Snowsports School       has daily programs for young children, including a variety of       Value Deals that package lift tickets with rentals, equipment,       and lunch.  Also offered are seasonal programs such as the       Adventure Camp for ages 8-14, and the Penguin camp for ages 4-7.
Teens:  Cranmore has become a       major scene of activity for snowplay of all sorts - from traditional       skiing and snowboarding, to activities like snowtubing or downhill       gliding on snowscoots, snowfoxes, snowbikes, and skiboards.  There's plenty of terrain park and halfpipe activity; even beginner       and intermediate sliders can have fun on banked corners, rolls,       and jumps.  For those who still have energy, night skiing       is offered on Saturdays.
CROTCHED MOUNTAIN: For more information, call (603) 588-3668 or       visit www.crotchedmountain.com
Kids Snow Camp: The camp is offered       on weekends and holidays for kids ages 3-12, and includes lessons,       lunch and a snack.
GUNSTOCK: For       more information, call (603) 293-4341 or visit www.gunstock.com
The Children's Center: The Cubs Program       for 3-year-olds introduces skiing skills through the use of games       and activities.  It includes a lift ticket, lesson, lunch,       and day care.  The Polar Bears is geared for children ages       4-5, putting them on snow in the morning hours and enjoying the       day care atmosphere in the afternoon.  The Belknap Bears,       for ages 4-8, is a full or half day program focusing on fun and       includes breaks, lunch, crafts, and games.  The Belknap       Rangers, for ages 8-13, is offered as both half and full day       programs.  
Teens: A terrain park and snowtubing       provide plenty of options to traditional skiing and snowboarding,       with night skiing Tuesday through Saturday for those who want       to keep on going. 
KING PINE:       For more information, call (603) 367-8896 or visit www.kingpine.com .
Youth Ski Camp: For nearly 60 years,       King Pine has hosted a youth ski camp designed for kids ages       8-17. The all-inclusive price covers ski or snowboard instruction,       meals, and lodging.  Campers are grouped according to their       ability from novice to expert.  Instruction is provided       twice a day in a small group setting with plenty of time allotted       for campers to ski or ride on their own. 
Daily programs: The Knee-Hi Program       for ages 4-7 offers three levels (Carpet, Rope Tow and Mountain)       to provide varied programs for all abilities.  Also available       is a terrain park, snowtubing, ice skating, cross country skiing,       an indoor pool and fitness complex; on weekends and during holiday       periods, there is also night skiing, and snowtubing.  A       nursery is available for infants-age 6.
LOON MOUNTAIN: For more information, call (603) 745-8111 or       visit www.loonmtn.com .
Young children: The Loon Snowsports       School offers a wide variety of daily and seasonal kids programs.  There's P.K. Boo Bear for 3 year olds and Kinder Bear for kids       ages 4-6.  Day care is available for kids 6 weeks-8 years.
Teens: There's plenty of halfpipe and       terrain park action at Loon including an inground superpipe designed       by Chris Gunnarson, as well as sliding fun on a variety of rental       snowtoys, such as snowscoots, snowfoxes, snowbikes, or skiboards.  Snowtubing is available day or night, and at the Adventure Center       there is a variety of other activities available. 
Freeride Seasonal Camp: This program       is designed for kids ages 7-17 years old who are intermediate       skiers and riders and want to improve their freestyle skiing       and riding.
MOUNT SUNAPEE: For more information, call (603) 763-2356 or       visit www.mtsunapee.com .
Young children: Mount Sunapee offers       comprehensive programs for youngsters for both skiing and snowboarding.  The Snowstars (age 4-7) and Mountain Explorers (age 8-12) learn       with others of similar age and ability, and Mother Goose Day       Care is available for the youngest children.  A recently-built       Learning Center enhances all children's programs.  The layout       of the mountain is family-friendly with all trails ending at       the base lodge, and a separate beginner area (South Peak) has       been enhanced with new beginner-friendly lifts and trails.
Teens: The state's newest superpipe       and an extensive terrain park make this a great location for       teenagers.    
Families First: Kids (age 8+) and their       parents can learn to ski or snowboard together with the same       instructor on weekend and holiday periods. 
PATS PEAK: For       more information, call (888) PATS PEAK or visit www.patspeak.com .
Kids' programs: Pats Peak has lessons       available for all age and ability levels in skiing and snowboarding.  Snowtubing, a quarterpipe, and a terrain park provide plenty       of thrills for older kids; night skiing and snowboarding are       also available.   
Cub's Club: This program includes a       full day of nursery care with outdoor play and an introduction       to skiing for children ages 3-5 years old.
Bear's Club: This full day program       for ages 6 and older offers group lessons for self-sufficient       skiers and riders.  It is held on weekends and holidays.   
WATERVILLE VALLEY: For more information, call (603) 236-8311 or       visit www.waterville.com .
Waterville Valley is consistently ranked       among the top of SKI Magazine's reader survey for providing       families with high quality, affordable kids' programs.
Young children: Mogul Mites is for       3 year olds who have never skied.  The program includes       two hours of lessons, lunch and snacks.  Explorers is for       skiers ages 4-6 and Scouts caters to skiers and snowboarders       ages 7-12.  Child care is available for kids age 6 months-4       years.  At the end of the day, kids can log onto Waterville       Valley's web page on Snowmonsters.com and give feedback or talk       to their instructors.
Older kids and teens: A superpipe,       Exhibition Park, and Little Slammer Terrain Park provide jumps       and halfpipes for skiers and snowboarders, and there are plenty       of snowtoys, short skis and snowtubes to try for added fun.  For other diversions, a free shuttle bus can deliver guests to       Waterville Valley's Town Square where there are specialty shops,       a variety of restaurants, horse-drawn sleigh rides, and indoor       recreational facilities including an ice skating rink, swimming       pool, tennis courts, and a fitness center. 
WILDCAT MOUNTAIN: For more information, call (603) 466-3326 or       visit www.skiwildcat.com
Wildcat Tracks Training Center Children's       Programs: The ten week children's programs at Wildcat Mountain       are arranged by ability level.  For kids ages 4-6 years       old, there is the Kiddy Cats program which is an introduction       to snowsports; 4-6 year olds with some experience on snow can       enjoy Tiger Tykes.  For kids ages 6-9, the Snowcats program       emphasizes skill improvement.  Kids ages 9-12 participate       in Coolcats, with 13-16 year olds participating in Mountain Masters.  The Kitten's Cub Nursery is open for children age 2 months-5       years.   
 
Ski NH is the statewide association       representing 37 alpine and cross country resorts and more than       200 lodging properties throughout New Hampshire.  For daily       snow reports or information on winter activities and events at       Ski NH resorts, call Ski NH at (800) 88-SKI-NH (800-887-5464)       or visit the Ski NH website at www.SkiNH.com .  For statewide media relations assistance, visit the New Hampshire       Division of Travel and Tourism's media room at www.visitnh.gov under Travel Industry.
New       England travel shopping tip: VermontTeddyBear , located in Shelburne Vt.,       is known worldwide as the premier seller of Teddy Bears. Vermont       Teddy Bears are the ONLY bears handmade in America and guaranteed       for life. Overnight delivery is guaranteed! Send her a Vermont Teddy Bear this Valentine's Day. She'll Love you for it.
Information from VisitingNewEngland.com       comes from our editorial staff. Advertisements do not influence       the articles and points-of-view on VisitingNewEngland.com, unless       otherwise specified. Rates and event dates are subject to change.       We recommend calling your vacation destination first before setting       out on the planned itinerary.
