The top ski vacation destinations in new england
The top ski vacation destinations in new england
New England ski areas offer trails and slopes for every style and level of ability. Here is guide listing the best and most popular sites to help you select the destination that is right for you.
While all six New England states have ski areas, most travelers heading to New England for a skiing vacation set their sights on Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine. These three states have resorts that offer vacation experiences for the novice and expert, the single skier or the family of winter enthusiasts.
All of the ski destinations discussed below offer a variety of terrain. Green or novice slopes, blue or intermediate slopes and black diamond or advanced slopes are found at all areas. Some areas have designated their most difficult runs as expert or double clack diamond runs. Many areas have glades or tree skiing. All of these New England ski areas have ski schools for both children and adults, and onsite childcare. The size of these facilities and the minimum age for attendance varies from resort to resort.
Vermont has more active ski areas than any other New England state with approximately twenty resorts.  Of these, the largest is Killington, located in Killington, Vermont. With 200 trails, Killington offers something for every level of skier. Over one third of Killington's trails are intermediate, and another third are either advanced or expert. Killington has a large ski school, making it an excellent resort at which to learn to ski. Childcare is available for infants six weeks and older. Numerous restaurants and bars in the area offer food and entertainment after a long day of skiing.
Expert skiers seeking a challenge head to the glades of Jay Peak, located in Jay, Vermont. Jay Peak offers almost 80 trails, 20 percent of which are novice, 40 percent intermediate and 40 percent advanced. Jay Peak is known for its glade skiing, with over 20 glades covering 100 acres. Due to its location, Jay Peak claims to receive more natural snow than any other ski resort in New England.
Mad River Glen in Fayston, Vermont is another destination for expert skiers. Forty percent of the 45 trails at Mad River Glen are rated for expert skiers.  Mad River Glen also offers 800 acres of glade skiing. This area welcomes telemark enthusiasts, offering special telemark festivals and ski school instruction. Mad River Glen does not allow snowboarding, so skiers wishing to avoid boarders head to this area.
Families flock to Smugglers Notch, located in Jeffersonville, Vermont. Smugglers Notch has three interconnected mountains offering over 1,000 acres of terrain. Half of Smuggler's 78 trails are rated for intermediates, with 19 percent suitable for beginners. Childrens' programs are offered for infants through teenagers, making Smugglers Notch a favorite family destination.
Vermont has a number of other large ski areas, including Mount Snow, Okemo and Sugarbush. All of these Vermont ski areas maintain websites, providing information as to the latest improvements and current ski conditions.
While New Hampshire does not have as many large ski areas as Vermont, it too offers resorts for every ability. Bretton Woods, located in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire, is a good destination for beginner and intermediate skiers. Bretton Woods has over 100 trails, more than 70 percent of which are beginner and intermediate. The advanced trails at this resort may be a little tame for experts, but the glades offer some interesting challenges. Bretton Woods is located near the historic Mount Washington Hotel. Other than the Hotel, the immediate area offers little in the way of dining or entertainment.
Expert skiers will find more challenging terrain at Wildcat Mountain, located in Pinkham Notch, New Hampshire. Wildcat offers both breathtaking views of Mount Washington and challenging terrain. Of Wildcat's 47 trails, 25 percent are rated beginner, with 45 percent intermediate and 30 percent expert. Wildcat's beginner terrain is more difficult than most beginner terrain in New England, making it a questionable destination for those just learning to ski. Wildcat is within easy driving distance of the attractions of North Conway.
Attitash Mountain, located in Bartlett, New Hampshire, Attitash offers 70 trails and glades, with only 20 percent being rated for beginners. Of the remaining trails, 47 percent are rated more difficult, with 33 percent being rather most difficult. Attitash claims the biggest terrain park in the Mount Washington Valley. The proximity of Attitash to North Conway, New Hampshire opens up numerous dining and outlet shopping opportunities.
Loon Mountain offers 45 trails, a full 64 percent of which are rated intermediate. Coupled with an additional 20 percent novice terrain, Loon is another good family ski destination. Loon has 10 lifts servicing its 275 skiable acres, and offers a terrain park. Loon is located in Lincoln, New Hampshire, and is readily accessible by major highways. Numerous restaurants and small shops are located nearby.
New Hampshire has a number of other ski areas, including Cannon Mountain, King Pine, Cranmore, Gunstock, Mount Sunapee and Waterville Valley. All of these New Hampshire ski areas maintain websites, providing information as to the latest improvements and current ski conditions.
Maine's largest ski areas are Sunday River and Sugarloaf. Sunday River, located in Bethel, Maine, has 128 trails across eight interconnected mountain peaks. This resort offers 25 percent beginner runs and 35 percent intermediate runs, with the remaining 40 percent rated advanced or expert. Sunday River offers three terrain parks, as well as glade skiing. Opportunities for dining or nightlife are few in this area, although North Conway, New Hampshire with its shops and restaurants is less than an hour away.
Sugarloaf is located in Carrabassett, Maine, approximately four hours outside of Boston. It has 133 trails and glades, spread over 651 acres. Twentysix percent of the trails are designated as green, or novice trails, and 31 percent are blue, or intermediate. Of the remaining trails, 27 percent are rated with a black diamond, and 16 percent are assigned double black status. Glades comprise 13 percent of the total. Sugarloaf claims to have the only lift-serviced above-treeline skiing in the east. Sugarloaf has 15 lifts, including four quads. Sugarloaf has a terrain park, including what it maintains is the most modern SuperPipe in the East.
Maine has many other smaller ski areas, including Shawnee Peak, Black Mountain and Saddleback. All of these Maine ski areas maintain websites, providing information as to the latest improvements and current ski conditions.
While skiing in New England may offer less powder and more ice than other areas of the United States, with a little research a New England ski destination can be found that will suit the needs of everyone in your ski party.
Trending Now
