New Year's Eve at Ski Resorts
Search this site:
Here are some of the Ski Resort Travel Destinations, Activities and Events from around the world which will be celebrating New Year's Eve mountain style.
New Year's Celebrations at Ski Resorts in North America
If you are going to party for New Year's Eve in the middle of winter,       why not do it in style at a ski resort in the mountains with torch parades and fireworks.       New York City won't be having a fireworks show in Times Square after the ball drops.       Here are some of our New Year's suggestions:
New Year's Eve Events at Canadian Ski Resorts:
Whistler Blackcomb BC Canada: Crowds assemble at the Town Plaza Gazebo for street performers, fire dancers, live music, face painting and more for the whole family.            Whistler Blackcomb is the overwhelming favorite New Year's Eve Ski Resort in North America.
For more information, check out our MountainYahoos.com Whistler Blackcomb resort review .
Whistler
Mont Tremblant: The holiday period (Dec 19 2009 - Jan 3 2010) features the "Crazy Parade" at 3:35pm from the Saint-Bernard to the ice rink followed by the "Ice rink games" every day.        December 24th hosts a Santa Clause parade in the late afternoon.       On New Year's Eve there is a torch-lit run down the mountain (7:30pm) followed by a freestyle show by the ski school (7:40pm), all viewable from the base of the mountain.       Music, dancing and an ice sculpture show (at "Place Saint-Bernard") begin at 8:00pm.       A countdown at 11:59 and fireworks display (base of mountain) at the stroke of midnight complete the night. Tremblant holiday schedule
Blue Mountain: This resort North of Toronto will be the host of dinner and New Year's party celebrations as well as fireworks at midnight.            There is also the warm-up event, a torch light parade on Dec 30th at 6:00pm (you can participate for $15.00).
See the Blue Mountain New Year's announcement
Top New Year's Eve Events and Destinations at Ski Resorts in the USA:
Heavenly Valley South Lake Tahoe CA: It's not the ski resort but the nearby town of South Lake Tahoe that brings New Year's Eve to life as the Casinos rock all night long.            The street in front of Harrahs will be blocked off for a huge street party with 40,000 of your closest friends. Note it is a younger crowd than Vegas (20's and 30's rather than 40's and 50's).           You can also celebrate indoors at Vex.            See: Vex Nightclub - reservations 1-775-586-6705
The Hard Rock Cafe inside Harveys, Stateline, NV will also be celebrating New Year's Eve. Tickets in advance $30 (www.ticketweb.com), $35 day of. Includes Champagne toast, and Party Favors. Patio open for dinner, special menu with bracelet benefiting World Hunger Year. Phone: (775) 588-6200
MontBleu Resort Casino & Spa, Stateline, NV celebration at Blu Nightclub, Opal Ultra Lounge and the Convention Center (888) 829-7630.           Nothing is cheap so bring lots of coin.
South Lake Tahoe celebration in the street just in front of Harrah's:
This is considered "out of bounds" and thus frowned upon by the local patrol.
Killington Vermont: Party at the Killington Grand Hotel, the Pickle Barrel or at my favorite the Wobbly Barn.            The Killington Grand Hotel will host the New Year's Eve events in the Oscar Wilde Ballroom at 7 p.m. with cocktails, followed by dinner and live entertainment.           The Wobbly Barn will have dinner followed by live entertainment.
See the MountainYahoos.com Killington Resort review for more information about Killington.
Vail Colorado: Vail features an annual "Torchlight Ski-down" parade down "Golden Peak", a street party, music and a New Year's Eve fireworks "Extravaganza".            Many of Vail's fine restaurants host New Year's festivities.            Hang out at the sports bars for bowl games the next day.            See the MountainYahoos.com Vail Resort review for more information about Vail.
Vail's sister resort, Beaver Creek, will also host a New Year's celebration with an afternoon of carolers, ice sculptures and ice skating.
Aspen / Snowmass CO: Make reservations early for the New Year's Gala at the Silvertree Hotel. Includes hors d'oeuvres, dinner buffet and dancing. Contact (970)923-8220
Telluride CO: The action begins at 5:30 New Year's Eve with a children's torchlight parade down "Meadows Trail" down to the bottom of lift #1.        Kids interested in participating should meet at the Ski School Lobby at 5:00 and pick up a glow stick. Participation is free.       This is followed by a torchlight parade on both sides of the mountain followed again by fireworks.       A celebration gathering will be hosted at the Telluride courthouse on Main Street. The clock tower will ring in the New Year.       An all ages show with live music will be hosted at the Telluride convention center. See TicketWeb for tickets and information.
Squaw Valley CA: Squaw is preparing for a New Year's Eve fireworks at 9:30pm (viewable from the base area) and party at the Olympic House.
See the MountainYahoos.com Squaw Valley Resort review for more information about Squaw Valley.
Breckenridge CO: A dazzling, luminary, Torch Light Parade (6:00pm) from the top of "Peak 9" followed by fireworks, is in store at Breckenridge.
See the MountainYahoos.com Breckenridge Resort review for more information about Breckenridge.
Other US resorts listing New Year's Eve celebrations:
Appalachian Ski Mountain: Fireworks, torchlight skiing, moonlight ice skating from 10:00pm to midnight.
Beaver Creek CO: New Year's Fireworks and Torchligh Ski-down from the top of "Buckaroo Express" gondola.     Parents and kids who want to participate should pick-up their glow stick and register beginning at 6:00pm. Fireworks at 7:45pm NYE Celebration - December calendar .
New Year's Eve Family Carnival: Purchase tickets at the Park Hyatt Beaver Creek Concierge Desk or call 1-970-827-6561
See the MountainYahoos.com Beaver Creek ski resort review .
Bristol Mountain (New York): Fireworks, night skiing and torchlight parade. Details
Glenwood Springs CO: Located between Aspen and Vail, Glenwood Springs is the world's largest hot springs pool. Call 1-800-537-7946 for reservations or for more information. Hwy 70 exit 116 at Hwy 401 North River Road.
Keystone CO: Celebration includes a Torch light parade.
For more information about Keystone, visit our MountainYahoos.com Keystone ski resort review .
Kirkwood CA: Fireworks and torchlight parade. Participants in the torchlight parade will go up Chair 6 and down Zack's with road flares. Fireworks follow the parade.
Mammoth Mountain (California): Full range of activities from free public concerts to VIP packages. If you wait till New Years day to buy tickets, it will be more expensive.
Canyon Lodge "Wildest Party of Winter": Two floors, three stages. A plethora of DJs and dancing. Tables and bottle service for the VIP crowd.
Tip: The beer table never has a line. Wine and mixed drinks will take forever.
Eagle Lodge: DJ only (half the price of the Canyon Lodge party)
Hyde Lounge (in the village): general admission or VIP packages available.
Mammoth Village: 2011 Live music by "Paperback Writer" 6:30-9:00pm. Fireworks at 9:00pm
Mammoth Mountain resort review
The massive New Years party at Mammoth Mountain's Canyon Lodge
Okemo (Vermont): For a full NYE package check out the Roundhouse Dance Party. For party reservations call (802) 228-1600
Also see the Okemo Family New Year's Eve party at Jackson Gore
Snowshoe Mountain Resort: For party reservations call 877-441-4FUN
Stratton (Vermont): Torch parade and fireworks starting at 8:45 pm at the main base area. Crafts and face painting for the kids 6:30pm - 8:30pm.            A family New Year's Eve dinner can be had at the Green Mountain Room at the Inn at Stratton Mountain ($45/adults, $25/children).           For the 21 and over crowd, check out Grizzly's (8:45pm) with live music from the Adam Ezra Band for $25.00. Reservations required.           See Stratton NYE celebration NYE details 1-800-STRATTON
For more information about Stratton, visit our MountainYahoos.com Stratton ski resort review .
Sugar Mountain Resort: Fireworks, torchlight parade at midnight. Reservations for indoor celebrations call 828-898-4521 x233
Sugarbush: NYE Fireworks, torchlight parade at midnight on Lincoln Peak. Events start at 6:30pm.
Sugarloaf (Maine): Check out the Widowmaker Lounge for NYE.
See: Sugarloaf events calendar
New Year's Eve Celebrations in Europe
St. Moritz: This Swiss Alps resort is favored by the wealthy even for New Year's.        The biggest party in St. Moritz is the ball at the Badrutt's Palace. Admission includes dinner and parties till 6:00 am.
See BadruttsPalace.com for more info.
Chamonix France: There will be a music festival for New Year's Eve 2008 featuring at least eight bands. This starts at 8:00pm at Le Podium in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc. The Chamonix town center overlooking the Place Balmat will be the most popular place to celebrate the New Year's countdown.           The Grand Hotel du Montenvers overlooking the Mer de Glace is hosting its fourth annual New Year's dinner and celebration.           [ Compagnie du Mont-Blanc: Montenvers Mer de Glace ]           The Le Vert Hotel will be handing out bottles of Champagne to all guests and will be hosting a New Year's celebration.
Tips:
Don't wait till New Years Eve to buy tickets. There is usually a discount if you buy early. Many events sell out and have limited capacity in which case it is essential to purchase tickets for New Years Eve events in advance.
Few get to the slopes early on New Year's day due to the hangover from the night before.            If you are likely to get a powder day on New Years day, you may get the mountain to yourself all morning. Plan accordingly.
Links:
