Visit Website
SUMMER INFORMATION:
The Aerial Treetops Adventure Course (aka ATAZip) consists of 12 zip lines, 22 ladders, and 91 course challenges spread over eight courses.  Mountain Segway tours are also available utilizing the Segway X2 and covering more than 50 miles of trails.  The ZipTour offers eight different zip-lines including the longest zip-lines in the continental United States.  Guests can descend at up to 56 mph or take a more leisurely pace to enjoy the views.  Other activities include mountain biking, horseback riding, kayaking, paddle boats, skate park, mini-golf, climbing walls and more.  The expanded campground includes sites perfect for a tent or RV, as well as on-site restrooms, hot showers, playgrounds, a swimming pool and propane filling station.  Scenic lift rides are also available on select weekends in conjunction with special events.  Gunstock hosts wedding receptions, corporate outings, organizational functions and family reunions.  The Belknap Range is home to miles of hiking.
WINTER INFORMATION:
On a beautiful bluebird winter day, don’t let everyday life get in the way of getting to the mountains. Gunstock is only 90 minutes from Boston, so you won’t feel like you need a vacation from your vacation. Ride up the Panorama lift to the best views of any resort in New England with skiing and riding to match. Conditions so good, it’s backed by New England’s only no-questions-asked, money-back snow guarantee. Take some runs together while the kids are hitting up 16 acres of big air, walls, and rails in Blundersmoke Terrain Park. Gunstock is leading the way in safety and fun with the Big Air Bag, the first in New England open to the public. Do a new move and improve. You won’t want to miss the huge jumps and amazing tricks. Spend more time in the mountains and less time in the car; the Prime Time lift ticket is good for up to 13 hours. Close enough for a day trip, yet so much to do you’ll want to stay longer. Visit Gunstock.com for more info and New Hampshire’s Lakes Region’s most complete lodging reservation service.
Vertical Drop: 1,400 ft.
