Number 7
Stowe, Vermont
One of the most renowned and picturesque ski resorts on the map, Stowe offers traditional New England charm and the biggest vertical drop in the area. Stowe's two ski areas are Mount Mansfield and Spruce Peak.  The latter actually backs onto Smugglers' Notch's terrain. As a result, Stowe is amongst a handful of American resorts that have a lift-link to another resort. Stowe offers over 90 shops and 60 restaurants to make sure that visitors do not trek too far away during their stay.
Must-stay ski resorts: Stowe Mountain Lodge, Inn at the Mountain
Number 6
Chamonix-Mont-Blanc, France
Host of the world's first Winter Olympic Games in 1924, Chamonix ranks among the elite of contenders for the title of "World's Most Famous Ski Resort." Located at the foot of Mont-Blanc, it's the highest peak in the Alps and the second highest in Europe (top elevation 15,771 feet).
Chamonix-Mont-Blanc holds bragging rights for its vertical drop of 9,209 feet and for having one of the world's longest runs (Vallée Blanche) at 13.7 miles.
Must-stay ski resorts: Auberge du Bois Prin, La Vallee Blanche
Number 5
Banff/Lake Louise, Alberta
Located in the heart of Canada's Banff National Park, Lake Louise ranks as one of the most scenic mountain resorts in North America, if not the entire world. Banff/Lake Louise has three different ski areas (Mount Norquay/Mystic Ridge, Sunshine Village and Lake Louise) that are roughly 31 miles apart.
The Insider's Guide to the Best Canadian Skiing has labeled Norquay as "an unforgiving brute legendary for its unrelenting vertical and monster moguls."
Must-stay ski resorts: Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise, Banff Aspen Lodge
Number 4
Vail, Colorado
Legendary Vail markets itself as "America's favorite resort" and deserves to be ranked amongst the world's top five all-around ski resorts. As the largest single ski area in the United States, Vail offers roughly 5,300 acres of skiable terrain. And let's not forget the fastest high-speed detachable quads on one mountain. Vail offers much more with several art galleries , museums, ballooning, dog sledding, ice skating, hockey, snowmobiling, and much more.
Must-stay ski resorts: Lion Square Lodge, Vail Cascade Resort & Spa
You're not a true skier until you've visited these top three ski resorts... Next Page >>
AskMen's Free Weekly Newsletter
