Taking Along Your Kids' Friends: What to Know Before You Go
It seems like a win-win. Invite your child's best friend to join you on vacation, so they have a built-in playmate. They entertain each other, relieving you of that role. Before you offer, consider the pros and cons. Yes, there are practical considerations, like who pays for what, and preparing for ...
10 Tips for Multigenerational Travel
My family recently returned from our first ever multigenerational vacation. My husband and I, my parents (who hadn't been to Europe in 40 years), and our two kids, ages 5 and 10, jumped right in with a two-week trip to the Mediterranean. The vacation involved coordinating two international flights d...
7 Spectacular Summer Specials
It's not too late to plan a fabulous family getaway this summer with these terrific resort packages offering discounted rates and the promise of outdoor family fun.  1. Mountain View Grand Resort & Spa, Whitefield, N.H. Summer is the perfect time for outdoor mountain adventure in New Hampshire. A...
7 Fun Hotel Specials for Kids
From American Girl Doll sleepovers to up-close encounters with Shrek and Friends, hotels across the country are luring families this summer with all kinds of special packages for kids. Children will be delighted by fun treats like scavenger hunts, S'mores, pirate treasure, and super-duper ice-cream ...
10 Best Resorts for Little Chefs
The prevalence of cooking and baking shows on television, as well as a nationwide renewed interest in gardening and farm-to-table meals, is inspiring children to head to the kitchen, too! If your family is looking for a culinary adventure, these resorts and destinations promise amazing experiences -...
10 Best Hotel Amenities for Kids
Sure, free drinks and complimentary Wi-Fi rank high on the lists of most desirable hotel perks among travelers in general, but when it comes to visiting with kids in tow, which hotel amenities are most revered by families? From onsite airline check-in to in-room babysitting and kid concierges, con...
10 Best Biking Vacations for Families
Favorite family biking locales in North America combine stunning scenery with a relatively easy grid of bike trails and uncongested backcountry roads. All of these locales offer exhilarating rides, guaranteed to inspire all ages to travel on two wheels. Many of the cities on the list, like San Anton...
21 Perfect Summer Vacations
1. Celebrate a Historic Anniversary.  Boston's historic Fenway Park celebrates its 100th anniversary this year -- the perfect time to take in a ballgame while enjoying the history of America throughout the city. Give your school-aged children an up-close and personal history lesson by visiting some ...
7 Memorial Weekend Deals
The unofficial start to summer is nearly here, and this May 25 to 28 weekend is filled with enticing deals for families. Get out there and start your summer!   Broadmoor Resort, Colorado Springs, Colo.  Escape to the Colorado mountains for a two-night Memorial Day Family Escape at the Broadmoor. ...
A Beginner's Guide to Family Camping
There are few rites of passage as exciting as taking a child on his or her first camping trip. Families bond while roasting hot dogs and marshmallows, making shadow animals on the tent wall, chasing after fireflies and inhaling fragrant whiffs of pine. Whether you are an experienced camper from pre-...
