SUGARBUSH VERMONT MOUNTAIN RESORT
Sugarbush Golf and other activities.
What do you look for in the perfect summer vacation? Magnificent scenery? Boundless adventure? Luxury living? Sugarbush Resort, tucked away in Vermont’s majestic Green Mountains, knows that ‘vacation’ means different things to different people. That’s why we offer a host of opportunities for our guests to relax and further excel at what they love doing the most. Whether it’s playing a round on our legendary golf course, being pampered in our luxury Clay Brook residences or hiking one of Vermont’s highest peaks, families and individuals alike can unwind and discover the pure joy of the Sugarbush mountain experience.
Sugarbush Golf Course
This 18 hole, par-71 golf course was designed with remarkable respect for the Mad River Valley’s natural surroundings by golf legend Robert Trent Jones Sr.
Sugarbush Health & Racquet Club
The Sugarbush Health & Racquet Club is a fully appointed year round sports and massage center located adjacent to the base area at Lincoln Peak.
Sugarbush Tennis School
The Sugarbush Tennis School and USPTR certified Pro, Ross Greene offer a variety of year-round programs and lessons for kids and adults.
Mountain Biking
Lift-served and cross-country mountain biking return to the ‘Bush for a second season after an eight year hiatus! We’ve opened old favorites, plus we’ll continue to add to our new trail network.
Disc Golf Courses
Two 18-hole disc golf courses are were completed in 2007 at Lincoln Peak. One course will plays around the base area; the other requires a ride on the Super Bravo lift.
Sugarbush Zipline
Fly without wings! The Sugarbush Zipline soars thrill-seekers high above the Lincoln Peak base area. Starting above the Valley House Lodge, riders will travel through the air for 800 feet!
Click here for more SUGARBUSH VT RESORT information.
Welcome to the next generation of Travel & Tourism Information and Entertainment.  From the heart of Vermont’s Green Mountains, High Peaks Media is owned and operated by New Englanders with a pure passion for the Lakes and Mountains of the Northeast.
Looking for New England Ski & Golf information? You have found your resourse for: Vermont Ski Resort Vacations , Vermont Lodging & Dining Deals , Vermont Mountain Vacations , Vermont Ski & Snowboard Packages , Killington Mountain Resort Specials , Vermont Bed & Breakfast Vacations , Vermont Fall Foliage Vacations , Vermont Resort Vacations , Vermont Mountain Hotels , New England Resort Vacations , Vermont Mountain Inns , Vermont Summer Vacations and Vermont Winter Vacations .
For an inside view of resort life, take a video tour at www.powderbank.com and turn your lunch break at the office into a chair lift ride to the top of your favorite Ski Trails in New Egland.  With all the information you need to plan your next trip, powderbank.com is the one stop resort shop for snow sport enthusiasts everywhere!
Thank you for visiting NewEnglandResortVacations.com , a High Peaks Media company.  Enjoy your New England Vacation, and we'll see you in the Mountains!
