Top Ten Ski Resorts for Families
For the best family skiing in New England, our picks...
Stowe
Stowe     is best saved as a destination once your kids get bigger, and     everyone can do justice to this vertical venue. The legendary Front     Four on Mansfield will humble even the most boastful of teens. Your     kids can night-ski while you dine at the European-style Cliff House     via gondola. Non-skiers in the family can exercise the credit cards     at boutiques up and down the Mountain Road in Stowe. Stowe Mountain Resort is on the move with     a new interconnecting gondola whisking Mansfield skiers across the     Notch to the new Spruce Village and luxury hotel     - The Stowe     Mountain Lodge .
Okemo
Maybe it takes a husband and wife team to understand what families     need on a ski trip. Diane and Tim Mueller have created the     culminating family ski resort in Vermont. Okemo has mega-mountainside lodging including the expansive     Jackson Gore Inn, a friendly staff, superb on-mountain cuisine and     all the lesson programs your family should require. Okemo’s mountain     scene will captivate you with lovely pastoral views of the Vermont     river valley, and the exceptional snowmaking and grooming will keep     you coming back, like the SUV-loads of families who have already     discovered their so-coined “Okemo-difference.”
Sunday River
This     Maine resort makes serious snow, pretty much guaranteeing your whole     gang good skiing. With eight interconnected peaks and modern lifts,     night skiing, and two ski-in ski-out hotels book-ending the vast     terrain - you are in a happy place. Sunday River is family friendly with events all winter long, a     base to peak Chondola, and excellent lesson programs. The resort     rounds it its offerings with outdoor heated pools, a zip line,     cross-country and dog sledding, tubing and fireworks on weekends and     holidays. The funky town of Bethel is great for browsing off-beat     shops, or grabbing a bite off mountain.
Bretton Woods
How can you go wrong staying at the elegant Hotel Mount Washington     for a winter getaway. Skiing at Bretton Woods , NH’s     largest ski area, is a treat for the skis and the eyes, featuring     well-groomed snow, a good variety of glades, and dramatic views of     the highest peak on the Eastern Seaboard, Mount Washington at     6,288’. There isn’t anything particularly precipitous, but there is     plenty of terrain served by swift lifts.
Bretton Woods’ Family Center continues to improve upon their     reliable Babes in the Woods daycare and Hobbit ski programs. If you     like to skinny ski, The Nordic Center and trails are just awesome.     Days are filled with outdoor adventure, followed up with supervised     kids’ parties into the evening, Mom and Dad might actually find time     for the Presidential Spa, adult après ski, dinner and dancing in the Mount Washington     Hotel's 100-year old speakeasy, The Cave.
Smugglers’ Notch
If you are looking for the ski program du jour, Smugglers’ Notch Resort is the leader     in the family programming. Whether its learning to turn with your     child in their unique ‘Mom & Me’ lesson, or teaching your ‘Little     Rascal,’ to start skiing at age two, Smuggs’ has thought up the most     innovative instruction in snow country. This northern Vermont resort     continues to re-invent the family ski experience, and hoard the     family awards because of it.
Condominiums flank the slopes of the beginner terrain on Morse     Mountain. Resort guests find tons to do in the Village after the     lifts close from the Fun Zone to snow tubing. Smugglers’ is also     home to treasures of tricky terrain on Madonna Mountain for expert     parents who want to drop in after they drop off their kids at ski     camp or day care. Just be prepared for long chairlift ride chats on     the dawdling double chairs.
Sugarloaf
Sugarloaf is one big mountain, with one strong allegiance. Families appreciate     loyalty and the folks at the Loaf are as legion as they come. The     warm welcome you receive here separates this Maine mountain oasis     from the others both spiritually and geographically. The terrain     here is hearty, and so is the social life so far north – drawing     skiers to its snowy pulpit. Sugarloaf throws weekly themed parties     for families in the rustic but real base village, and a cast of     woodsy characters like Amos the Moose, Blueberry Bear, and Pierre     the Logger, are on hand to keep your kids smiling, making up for the     long “are we there yet?” drive.
Killington/Pico
Despite Killington’s reputation as a sprawling beast of a resort,     the recent improvement of Ram’s Head and Snowshed Family Adventure     Center make the Big-K more amiable for families.
Obviously with six mountains of terrain, Killington has something for everyone in your pack. Bear     Mountain is devoted to freeskiers and riders with all the parks and     pipes your gen-y’er could whine for.
With a vast array of intersecting trails and separate base areas,     Killington can be confusing for those not in the know. A side trip     to sister resort Pico is ideal for families looking for one single     panoramic peak with un-crowded trails funneling to a friendly base. Pico has a Vermont-syrupy flavor -     the antithesis of big-brother Killington.
Sugarbush
In Vermont's beautiful Mad River Valley is this one great     ski resort made up of two mountains - Lincoln Peak and Mt Ellen. Sugarbush offers challenge on au natural Castlerock, classic groomed     runs like Jester, bumps on Steins and FIS and plenty of family     friendly terrain too. Lodging at Sugarbush includes on mountain Clay     Brook Inn, condos and charming inns throughout the Mad River Valley.
Attitash
New Hampshire's second largest ski resort, Attitash/Bear     Peak has     two big interconnected mountains for skiing and riding,     with everything from long winding trails like Tightrope to exciting glades, and     a monster pipe. The whole family will enjoy Attitash for its     diversity and its proximity to North Conway's shops, dining and     amusements.
The views of the Presidential Range from both peaks are spectacular,     the snowmaking is impressive too. This full     service ski resort has an huge Learning Center, plus an on     mountain Attitash Grand Summit Resort Hotel with an outdoor heated     pool.
Mont Tremblant Quebec
Tremblant     is like Disney on snow with animated architecture, a European ski     village, and a very cheery ski school staff. While not in New     England, its drivable -like visiting the Alps without the airfare.     The 654-acre ski area offers three sides of skiing and riding, speedy lifts,     and scenery of Lac Tremblant. Families will love the lively     pedestrian village, the multitude of restaurants and shops, and La     Source - the indoor water park for après ski. Adults will find the     best après ski this side of the pond. Tremblant gets busy on     weekends and holidays due to it proximity to Montreal, but that's     just more joie de vivre!
Massachusetts mention: Jiminy Peak
For folks from the south (southern New England that is), you can’t     beat Jiminy Peak for proximity. With a beautiful Village Center,     all-suite Inn lodging, and well-groomed terrain served by a six-pack     chair, Jiminy Peak Resort in Massachusetts     is a top spot for young families from south of the Vermont border.
All Stories by Heather Burke
All Photography by Greg Burke
©All Rights Reserved on all Stories and Photos on this Web Site. Stories and   Photos can not be reproduced in anyway without the express written   permission of the Author and/or Photographer. Web Developer: IMS-21
