Speaker: John Berg, DVM, DACVS. (Tufts Univ. Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine)
 
Practical Topics in Veterinary Surgical Oncology 
 
Proposed agenda:
Saturday or Sunday check in: get settled in, Downhill or Cross Country Ski or just relax.  Sunday at 5:30 PM, NNEVAS Welcome Party with complimentary beverages and hors d'oeuvre and then enjoy our dinner buffet. 
Monday - Thursday 7:30-10 AM breakfast. LECTURES 8:30-10:30AM. 2 CE credits each day. Rest of day open for enjoyments of your choice: relaxing, ski, X-country, snowmobiling, snowshoeing, ice skating, Spa, Zip line, or many other daily hotel activities. Evening Dinner in the main dining room.
Highlights
Sunday 5:30 PM: NNEVAS Welcome Party. Complementary hors d'oeuvres and beverages followed by our buffet dinner.
Tuesday: Early afternoon -an easy, Fun Downhill Race for all. At 5:30 pm, Apres Ski Awards Ceremony with complementary hors d'oeuvres and Giveaway                 Drawing for one free night off your stay or other prize goodies to registered Veterinarians (must be present to win).              Wed, Thurs, Fri: Great snow and great company. Ski, Snowshoe, Skate, Snowmobile, Spa, Zip Line, and much more!
IMPORTANT Info & Tips for Meeting Attendees!
The Omni Mount Washington Resort is a new venue this year for our meeting!  We are excited to be able to maintain and create all of the wonderful, essential criteria and experiences that our unique meeting has enjoyed for the past 33 years while at The Balsams, the other Grand Old Hotel in NH.  The Balsams is temporarily closed.  See "The Basics" section above for downloadable Reservation Form.  Please read on for more info and tips!
Registration and Reservations
January 18, 2012  is the Cut Off date!!
  After that, the hotel cannot guarantee the discounted meeting package rates or room availability. We strongly suggest you make reservations as soon as possible. Once our "room block" fills up, it will cost you way more with the regular hotel rates.
Room rates:    Our meeting package is a great value!  Almost all of your needs and wants are packed into the room rate. So once you are checked in, you can relax and enjoy.  Keep in mind that we have negotiated a sweet deal compared to industry standards.  The rates are per/person, per/night.      Room Rates include:
Lodging in Grand Old Hotel style & amenities. Flat Screen TV & WiFi.
Breakfast and Dinner.
Ski Lift or Cross Country tickets for each night's stay. The ticket can
be used on day of check in or check out, but not both.
The listed rates include NH State room tax (9%) fees,
assessments, and services charges (21%, basically a gratuity fee)
We also got waiver of the $20 per night "resort fee"!
The actual CE meeting dates are from 2/26 - 3/1, but Omni has
extended the meeting package rates to include 2/24 - 3/2, 2012.
(therefore 2 nights before and 1 night after)
A Welcome Party, Sunday Evening (2/26) with complementary hors
d'oeuvres, alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks.
Alcoholic beverages, Spa, Zip Line, and Registration fees are not
included.
Event Dates: February 24 - March 2, 2012
Special Package Rates:
     $213.97 per night - Double (per person, per night)
     $485.92 per night - Single (Premier Room)
     $301.17 per night - Double (Premier Room) (per person, per night)
  Resort Fee:    Included
  Book By: January 18, 2012
  Children: Cot or rollaway per request if available is offered at $15.00 each per night.
   Children ages 13-16 will be accommodated at $90.00 per child per night (meals + ski lift ticket).
   Children ages 5-12 will be accommodated at $50.00 per child per night (meals + ski lift ticket).
This information also on the Reservation Form (
PDF 95k) requires Adobe Reader
TIPS
For those staying thru Tuesday night (2/28) there will be a (easy) "Fun Ski Race" during the day. You get 2 runs. Go at your own pace for fun or try for a medal !  Kids and first timers welcome !  An apres-ski Awards Ceremony with free hors d'oeuvres.  Find out your times.  Be present for the Giveaway Drawing
For evening dining it is required that men wear a Sport Coat, a tie is optional.  For women, Casual Evening Attire is appropriate. (you got it, no blue jeans at dinner)   Rest of the day: casual or ski clothes.
Definitely sign up for the Free "Select Guest" membership on the Omni Hotels website, Look under Loyalty Program for all the cool freebies and amenities, including earning free nights! There are no obligations!
Bring your swimsuit for the indoor and outdoor heated pools!
Our package includes breakfast and dinner in the main dining room. Although no reservations are needed for breakfast, evening seating reservations are needed in the dining room. (Sunday eve, we have our dinner buffet, so no seating reservations are needed.)  Don't forget to mention you are with the Veterinary Group !
We are looking forward to Quality CE & having fun with you!!! ........ Mike and Paul.
   Thinking Snow! (i.e. CE and Skiing)
IDEXX
