Ski Areas Resorts Guide, Deals, Reviews, Snow Conditions - Vermont Ski Resorts
Vermont Ski Resorts
Vermont Ski Resorts is a guide to ski and snowboard areas in Vermont.
Ski Areas in Vermont
Cochran Ski Area
Cochran's Ski Area is a nonprofit enterprise and home to a junior race team, hundreds of school children and a host of learn-to-ski & snowboard programs.  The Cochran family opened their first rope tow in 1961 to provide skiing for their children and neighboring kids during the week.   Since then the backyard training area has grown into a challenging ski area with expanded lifts and slopes.  But the love and thrill of downhill skiing that started the Cochran's on the road to World Cup…
Bromley Mountain
Bromley Mountain located in the Green Mountain National Forest, six miles east of Manchester, Vt., is one of the oldest continuous running ski areas in the United States.  Founded in 1936 by beer heir Fred Pabst, Jr., a pioneer in the ski industry, Bromley introduced ski lift and ski area design, trail grooming, day care and other concepts.  Pabst designed Bromley's trails to offer breathtaking views, a southern exposure (the only one in New England) and trails that all lead back to the…
Okemo Mountain Resort
Rising above the village of Ludlow, in south-central Vermont, Okemo Mountain Resort is a four-season playground that built its reputation for quality and superior guest service as a winter retreat for skiers and snowboarders. Originally a small community-run ski hill, Okemo began to blossom in 1982 under the ownership of Tim and Diane Mueller. Creating “The Okemo Difference” consistently earns the Resort accolades and awards for snow quality, grooming, terrain parks, family programs,…
Killington Resort
The Largest Ski & Snowboard Area in the East.    Killington offers the most skiing and most variety of terrain served by the East's highest capacity lift system.   Six interconnected mountains and nearby Pico Mountain, provide unparalleled diversity of skiing and the greatest vertical in New England. Snowboarders are drawn to the challenge of the longest terrain park in the East.  High elevation vistas, mountain-to-mountain exploration on more than 87 miles of trails and the charm of…
Bolton Valley Resort
Bolton Valley is a full-service, four-season destination resort on 6,000 private, wooded acres surrounded by the Green Mountains of Vermont.    With six lifts, and 61 trails covering 165 acres of skiable terrain, Bolton offers something for every level of skier. Snowmakers and groomers work seven days a week to ensure the best possible conditions. Lift lines are rare and the trails uncrowded.  Bolton boasts 105 km of cross-country skiing terrain, featuring some of the best conditions in…
Stratton Mountain Resort
Set on the highest peak in southern Vermont, Stratton Mountain offers an exhilarating skiing experience for beginner to expert with 94 trails and a 2,003-foot vertical drop.  Stratton Mountain offers the best of both worlds as old-fashioned New England hospitality meets state of the art snowmaking and grooming.  Located in the heart of Vermont's famed snowbelt, Stratton Mountain looks forward to plenty of natural snowfall each winter.    Eleven lifts, including four high-speed…
Stowe Mountain Resort
Longer Trails. More Skiing    Stowe Mountain Resort is located on Mt Mansfield, Vermont's highest peak at 4,395 feet above sea level.  This year brings the addition of a new inter-mountain transfer lift, new trails, a new beginner area, new high-speed detachable quads, and a new fully-automated snowmaking system.  New mountainside residences and a new Audubon Signature Sanctuary mountain golf course only make your experience all the better!   Stowe Mountain Resort's recent…
Mount Snow
Mount Snow first opened for skiing on December 12, 1954 with two chairlifts, two rope tows and seven trails that extended about halfway up the mountain.   Over the years Mount Snow would continue to grow steadily, adding lifts, facilities and snowmaking capacity until today Mount Snow skiers can enjoy four separate lodge facilities, 23 lifts capable of carrying 36,252 skiers per hour and 476 acres of snowmaking!   Through the years Mount Snow has also worked to maintain the goals and…
Mad River Glen
Considered one of America's best-kept secrets, Mad River Glen is attracting more skiers who appreciate the uniqueness of this mountain.     Mad River Glen is one of the most unique ski areas in the country, famous for its legendary expert terrain, beautiful and varied beginner and intermediate trails, and, of course, the nation's last surviving single chairlift.   The extensive trail system follows the contours of General Stark Mountain to a single base area, making it easy for families…
Smugglers' Notch Resort
Smugglers' Notch Resort is located in the picturesque Green Mountains of northern Vermont and is the only resort in North America to  Guarantee Family Fun!     A renowned family resort... also rated the #1 Ski Resort Family Programs in North America!    Smugglers' has over 1,000 acres of all-terrain access including 750+ acres of woods in between trails. This resort has something for everyone!   The area consists of three interconnected mountains - Morse, Madonna and Sterling - offering…
Pico Mountain
Pico Ski & Summer Resort is located in central Vermont neighboring Killington Mountain.   More than 17 miles of ski trails across four of Vermont's most scenic peaks and 42 trails leading to one base area village make Pico skiers a happy group.   Pico has a 1,967-foot vertical and one of the highest elevations in the east and ranked among the top ski areas in natural snowfall. It is an ideal spot for intermediate skiers preferring long run-outs.  Snowmaking covers 82 percent of the…
Suicide Six
Suicide Six is nestled snugly in the Green Mountains and cradled by the Ottauquechee River in Woodstock, Vt.  Suicide Six is a mid-sized family area for all ability levels with 23 trails, including the famous Face -- for experts only.   Two chairlifts and a separate J-bar serving a beginners' area provide for skiing throughout the winter on both natural and man-made snow.  Other services include a cafeteria and full-service lounge, a sales and repair shop, equipment rental (including…
Burke Mountain
With every inch of its 2011’ of vertical, Burke Mountain believes in all that made Vermont skiing famous. So we’ve foregone wider, flatter trails, and the wider, flatter skiers they cater to, for trails and glades that respect the mountain’s natural contours. And we don’t rate tough blues as blacks or anything close to a green as a blue. Up North, you earn it. Not everybody gets a trophy, a mentality we observed watching more than 50 Olympians learn to be great at the world-renowned Burke…
Sugarbush Resort
Six distinct peaks of unleashed potential. Two uncrowded mountain areas. And 2,000 acres of backcountry in the Slide Brook Basin. It’s no surprise Sugarbush was recently named “Best Ski Town in the East” by Outside Magazine.  At the heart of Sugarbush is Lincoln Peak—think quintessential Vermont meets modern slopeside living. Here you’ll find the majority of Sugarbush terrain with classic New England trails leading to the nascent Lincoln Peak Village which includes Clay Brook slopeside…
Magic Mountain
Magic Mountain in Londonderry is a true renaissance of the original Vermont mountain area experience.  Many skiers and riders ‘in the know’ consider Magic to be one of southern Vermont’s last unspoiled winter destinations.  The area has been making improvements every year since reopening in 1997.  Don’t be fooled though, Magic is by no means the new kid on the block.    The mountain was originally developed in 1960 by Swiss instructor and film producer Hans Thorner, whose intent was to…
Jay Peak
Jay Peak is located in north central Vermont, and is one of Vermont's nicest ski resorts.  The ski area offers 2,153 vertical feet of skiing, 77 diverse trails and glades, 80 percent snowmaking coverage and modern, efficient lifts including Vermont's only aerial tramway.   Jay Peak is famous for receiving the most natural snowfall of any eastern ski resort, averaging 379 inches.  Snowboarders love all trails on the mountain, but can also ride a half-pipe and terrain course all their…
