New England  Ski Resorts Seeking Ski Rental Shop Managers, Full-time Seasonal Jobs
Seeking experienced Rental Shop Managers for two top ski resorts in New England; two full-time seasonal job opportunities available, one located in New Hampshire, the other, Vermont.
Full-time seasonal career positions are how many ski resort area residents choose to earn their living. For example, you may manage a ski and board rental shop in the winter and a bike or kayak rental shop in the summer. Maybe you are a ski guide or a snowmobile manager in the winter and a fishing guide or landscaping manager in the summer. Seasonal careers are a popular option for ski town locals year after year.
The current ski resort Rental Shop Manager jobs we have available on MountainJobs.com are for Sugarbush Resort in Vermont and Loon Mountain in New Hampshire.
Here is the full description of the Sugarbush Rental and Repair Manager which gives a clear description of the job and the responsibilities of the position.
Rental Shop Manager.
Summary: This experienced position provides oversight and management of all Rental & Repair activity across the resort (both at Lincoln Peak and Mt Ellen locations) while ensuring that excellent guest service standards are maintained. The best candidate will demonstrate an ability to juggle a multitude of tasks while exhibiting a positive and professional attitude for guests and staff.
Responsibilities: The Rental & Repair Manager can skillfully serve in any role at the shop; and often does so to fill-in where needed. More importantly, regular responsibilities include:
* Providing staff guidance/training
* Accurately managing inventory
* Working within established parameters for revenue, payroll and supply budgets
* The manager establishes and maintains clear and effective communication channels between staff and sets the tone for great customer service.
Additional duties will be to ensure secure closing of rental buildings; maintain proper cash control and register usage; perform skilled equipment tuning/repair and supervise technicians; monitor and communicate with VP of Sales any needs regarding inventory/supply levels; maintain development standards to keep abreast of latest gear, tuning/repair techniques, and machinery.
Tasks will be performed in an environmentally sound manner, especially in regard to proper education of hazardous materials and proper disposal of all waste products. Manager will lead weekly safety and service meetings to ensure that the safety of employees, guests, and oneself is of highest priority.
To view and apply …
Rental and Repair Manager, Sugarbush Resort
Rental Shop Manager, Loon Mountain
Related Posts:
