You can find many more shops at: SkiSite - New Hampshire Ski and Snowboard Shops
Spring is the best time for sales on last year equipment. Joe Jones Ski and Snowboard has tent sales in summer. Ski Market has a traditional sale on the Columbus day weekend, and this sale applies to models of the next season.
There is ski equipment for rent at all the ski resorts listed on this page. Of course, it is more convenient to rent directly at the place where you ski. Although, one can find better deals elsewhere. Look for small rental shops 10-15 miles from a resort. They undoubtedly offer better deals. They normally do not charge for an extra day if you rent late in the afternoon. Here is one of such rental shops:
Village Ski and Snowboard
Most of the ski resorts have demo centers as well. Usually, these demo centers specialize in a few brands. It is worth checking ski resort web site to see what they offer for demoing if you are interested in demoing a particlular ski model. If you do not find the model you want on their list, then The Great American Ski Renting Company might have a nearby location. They offer a good choice of brands and models.
Some shops tune up skis overnight whereas others may ask you to leave skis for a week. When in rush, it is better to call and check before bringing your skis. Since we have not the best snow on earth but the best ice on earth in New Hampshire as well as in the entire Northeast, sharpening is a must every season or several times in a season depending on the number of skiing days.
There are yearly ski expos held in Boston, MA. They are arganized by The Boston Globe Ski & Snowboard Expo . They post the schedule of upcoming expos in advance. Usually, one can find some good deals at the expos on both equipment and ski resort packages, especially on early season packages. Please be afraid though of being trapped into a time share deal.
Lodging, Dining, Apres Ski
Most ski resort hotels and condos require a two-night minimum stay during the skiing season if you try to book the Saturday night. This often forces me to look for lodging at distance of 20-30 minites to the resorts. By the way, staying at a place half an hour away from a resort usually cuts the rate in half. Speaking of really good deals, the best time is right before Christmas. Skiing is usualy reasonable at that time, and the rates are low because everybody is shopping. Here are a few useful links for researching lodging options:
Visit White Mountains - Lodging
I am not a specialist in the area of dining. I guess it is very dependent on personal taste and preferences. I have one favorite place though. It is Wild Coyote Grill located at Waterville Valley. Here again a usefull link for finding restraurants:
New Hampshire Living - Dining
Overall, New Hampshire ski resorts are best for families. There is no much night life around ski resorts. In my experience, the best apres ski time happens when you travel in a company of friends. Then, you are in full control of your apres ski time and not dependent on any facilities etc.
For your convenience this site is kept free of advertisement but this is different. Ahla Brookline Food Tour - is a business run by friends.   It is in Brookline, MA.   Having reviewed their tours, they are definitely recommended to everybody interested   to learn about Jewish or Russian cuisine.
Ski Resort Reviews Sites
