New England Ski Areas near Boston
Plan your New England ski trips and ski holidays
New England ski areas offer a diverse range of skiing, snowboarding, tubing, and other snow sports. 
Use our guide to find ski packages and the distance of each ski area from Boston, New England's largest city, when planning your ski trips.
New England offers lots of options for ski vacations, mostly within a reasonable drive from Boston. 
You'll find luxury ski resorts with five start hotels for skiing holidays as well as smaller family skiing areas  - in fact, you may be surprised by the range of choice.
Skiers at New England ski areas enjoy breathtaking views
Photo courtesy of Attitash Mountain Resorts
Whether you're planning a big ski weekend in Vermont or New Hampshire, or just a quick trip to a nearby family-oriented slope, use this guide to explore the best  ski areas in the Northeast as well as ski resort vacation packages and deals.
A few  New England ski areas and terrain parks open as early as October, while others offer spring skiing as late as early May.  New England weather can be tricky, so even when our weather here in Boston turns too warm for skiing, perfect conditions may exist farther north.
The information on this page originally started as a short list for my family to use when deciding where to go. 
Sometimes we'd want access to everything:  Alpine skiing, Nordic (cross-country) skiing, snowboarding and freestyling, snow tubing, snowshoeing, ice skating, dog sledding, sleigh rides, sledding - basically every winter sport available in the Eastern U.S.   You can check out some of our favorite New England ski vacation resorts.
At other times, small local family-owned skiing slopes, snow tubing runs, or terrain parks fit the need.
As you're looking through this list, keep in mind that most large resorts offer slope-side lodging with ski package deals - but nearby hotels and condos may offer even cheaper ski packages.  Be sure to compare rates and reviews to find the best ski deals.
If you want to stick close to home, check out Massachusetts ski areas near Boston , where you'll find  some local options not included on this page.
All ski photos are courtesy of the ski resorts - I've given up trying to take decent photos while skiing.
Return to Top - New England Ski Areas
 
New England Ski Areas Guide 
You'll find over 60 New England ski areas and ski vacation resorts listed here, along with mountain stats and key information about amenities. 
Mileage to each resort from Boston is based on the same starting point:  Boston Common - specifically, the Park Street side.  
You should expect driving time to each ski resort and slope to vary somewhat due to traffic and road conditions; my estimates are based on Google maps, rounded out a bit to include a bathroom stop or two.
Some New England ski slopes focus just on downhill Alpine skiing, others include cross-country Nordic skiing and terrain parks for snowboarders and freestylers, while still others offer every outdoor  winter sport you can imagine, plus a few indoor sports options.
Unless noted, all of these New England ski areas offer equipment rentals. 
Scroll down to explore each ski area - or just click on these direct links if you already know what location you want to visit:
Quick links to categories for New England ski areas on this page:
Ski areas closest to Boston (3 ski areas less than a hour away)
Central Massachusetts ski areas (2 choices about a hour or a little more from Boston)
