Home > Planning and Ideas > 10 Best Family Ski Resorts
Family-friendly ski areas provide opportunities for parents and children to spend precious time together, as well as rare time apart to ski at their own levels. The best resorts have gentle slopes for little skiers, first-rate instructors for children ages 3 and older, childcare services for kids younger than 3 years old and more than enough activity to keep Junior busy when he leaves the mountain.
What's your favorite family ski resort?  Tell us in our Family Ski Vacations Forum! You may also want to visit our Family Ski Vacations section .
These 10 ski resorts fit the bill in North America and are our favorites for family ski vacations:
1. Smuggler's Notch, Vermont
"A family that skies together, stays together" should be the motto for Smugglers' Notch Resort, situated just outside of Stowe . Its fully equipped condos cater exclusively to families, and the lineup of activities for kids -- both on and off the mountain -- is an ideal checklist for any family-focused resort. They have three of their own Green Mountains to carve that perfect turn on and a magic-learning trail where young children ski up to exhibit panels and learn about winter animals. Then there are horse-drawn sleigh rides, indoor pools, outdoor skating rinks, a lighted snow-tubing hill and nightly family entertainment. Yet, what really separates it from other ski areas in the East is its conduciveness to teaching young, inexperienced skiers the confidence to glide down the mountain effortlessly.
2. Okemo, Vermont
There's a slew of reasons families return to Okemo generation after generation, making it one of the most popular ski resorts in New England. The Okemo Ski + Ride School features an accomplished staff of more than 400 instructors. Jackson Gore Inn is one of the premier "ski in, ski out" hotels in the state. The heated indoor and outdoor pools, ice-skating rink and large indoor fitness area are well-loved after a day of skiing. First and foremost are the varied terrain and the impeccable grooming that allows novice skiers to feel like Olympic downhill champions as they cruise down the long boulevards. Through the ingenuity of powerful snowmaking machines and all-night grooming, Okemo can turn adverse skiing conditions into favorable surfaces, a feat that's valued in New England.
3. Park City, Utah
The town of Park City seems to be running as smoothly as most high-speed quads these days. This stems from Mother Nature's benevolence and the deluge of snow the region received the past several years. The resort's proximity to the Salt Lake City Airport (approximately a 30-minute drive on I-80), a free complimentary ski pass the day you arrive and, of course, the fame that comes from hosting the Winter Olympic Games in 2002 also play a role. The four-man bobsled run at Utah Olympic Park is open to the public, so you can get a feel of what it's like to zip around the track, reaching speeds of 70 miles per hour. And, oh yes, there are hundreds of serpentine trails to choose from at the three ski areas -- Park City, Deer Valley and the Canyons -- that make up this family-friendly locale. Remarkably, many of the easiest trails start from the top of these peaks, so first-time skiers are rewarded with glorious mountain vistas. Yet, that's just the tip of the iceberg. There's also dog-sledding, hot-air balloon rides and the Old Town district that easily transports kids back to the days of the Wild West, when Park City was a big mining town.
4. Big Sky, Montana
When skiers discuss really big ski areas in America, the conversation usually turns to Colorado's Vail or Utah's Park City . Rarely does Montana figure into the conversation. Yet the biggest single ski site in the U.S. is a hop, skip and a jump from Yellowstone National Park in the southeastern corner of the state. Big Sky Resort and Moonlight Basin, two ski areas operating on opposite faces of 11,166-foot-high Lone Mountain teamed up in 2006 to offer a combined lift ticket that covers 5,512 acres, edging out Vail as the largest ski area in the country. But unlike Vail, which reports over 1.5 million skier visits annually, these Montana twins total less than 350,000 a year. Families come to this part of the world to leave the hectic pace of modernity behind and breathe in the crisp, fresh air. Kids will enjoy the quiet runs, dog-rescue demonstrations and on-mountain scavenger hunts. Parents will relish the "ski in, ski out" properties, where you can swoosh right up to your lodging. An added bonus is the one-hour drive to Yellowstone to cross-country ski or snowshoe with the wild bison, elk and moose in winter.
5. Vail, Colorado
Get lost on Vail's back bowls, a winter wonderland devoid of trees, and you feel like you just entered the "Star Trek" episode where Captain Kirk landed on the Arctic Circle. Or make those turns on the meticulously groomed and serpentine Riva Ridge, and you'll reach that state of meditative bliss that can only be found from skiing long runs from an 11,570-foot peak. The apres-ski scene is also hard to top -- a glorified theme park with a kids' snowmobile track, an ice-skating rink 10,000 feet up the mountain, and a tubing hill and Kids Adventure Zone, where children can ski or snowboard over bumps and twists in a make-believe mine and ancient Indian Burial Ground. To top it off, the resort offers fireworks on select evenings throughout the season. The stellar terrain and long list of attractions can lure crowds, especially on weekends, so consider heading twenty minutes down the road to Beaver Creek. which arguably runs the finest children's ski school in the West.
6. Beaver Creek, Colorado
Beaver Creek is truly one of the ultimate ski resorts for families. With its standout ski school, complimentary resort shuttle, and unsurpassed offerings for "ski in, ski out" lodging, Beaver Creek knows how to please families. Not to mention its 1,800 acres of terrain accessible from 25 ski lifts. In addition to three ski mountains and three base areas -- Beaver Creek Village, Bachelor Gulph and Arrowhead, families enjoy "the Village" with its family-friendly plaza featuring shops, lodges, restaurants and a year-round ice skating rink. And when the kids tire of skiing, they may enjoy tubing or snowshoeing. In the evenings, take the kids to on-mountain storytime or take part in "family fun night" activities such as face painting, music, and rail jams. During popular vacation weeks, special movie nights and photo-ops are also offered. Don't expect to find extraordinary deals at Beaver Creek though, you'll pay for the luxury, convenience and fabulous offerings for families.
7. Steamboat, Colorado
Steamboat has one of the premier teen programs in the States. "Rough Rider" clinics are offered daily for kids ages 13 to 18. Afterward, teens can mingle among themselves in Night Owls, partaking in such activities as tubing and indoor climbing. Not to be forgotten, children ages 4 to 12 have five kids-only lifts and special ski terrain around frontier-style forts. At night, the Kids Adventure Club features supervision, movies, games and snacks. Or drag the entire family over to Steamboat Springs for a look at an authentic Wild West town. Also, be on the lookout for the Family Snow Festival, which usually happens during Martin Luther King, Jr. Weekend. Last year's performers included Smash Mouth and Mitchel Musson from the Hannah Montana series.
8. Northstar at Tahoe, California
A new Ritz-Carlton hotel, situated at mid-mountain, is just one of the many changes happening at Northstar this winter. Trails have been added to offer easy access to the resort, including doubling the size of the beginner teaching area. Also new this year, the Burton Snowboard Academy will offer instruction for wannabe boarders ages 4 to 12. After a day on the slopes, head to the Village to skate in the large rink, roast S'mores and drink hot chocolate around the large fire pits or try your hand at the bungee-jumping and rock-climbing walls. There is also a good number of indoor and outdoor pools and hot tubs to soak that weary body after a day of skiing.
9. Aspen and Snowmass, Colorado
Aspen has earned its reputation as one of the premier places to teach kids and their parents the skills necessary to ski the Rockies. Indeed, they cater to kids, both on the mountain and off. The Family Zone in Snowmass is home to interactive kids' trails, races and a terrain park. Down at Snowmass village, they unveiled the Treehouse Kids Adventure Center several winters ago, and it's become a huge success. Themed rooms -- such as one devoted to rock-climbing, another to puppet shows -- entertain all children. Other activities include a guided snowmobile tour, ice-skating and a family Snowcat ride to a cabin, where there are Western sing-alongs and barbecue. The ESPN Winter X Games will also return to Aspen from January 28 to 31, 2010.
10. Whistler, British Columbia
Home to the 2010 Winter Olympic Games, Whistler earned its place as a topnotch ski resort and popular ski vacation destination for families; it's come a long way since opening in 1966 with one gondola, one chairlift and two T-bars. Today, Whistler and the neighboring Blackcomb Mountains have a whopping 8,171 acres of skiing terrain and a mile-high vertical drop, both tops in North America. Whether you're a novice or an Olympian, the terrain is varied enough to entertain all. Along with ski and snowboard schools offered to all ages, take advantage of Fresh Tracks, a chance to grab breakfast on the mountain and be the first to ski down. Children will also like the tubing, horse-drawn sleigh rides, helicopter tours and the chance to zip line on the longest run in North America.
