Best New Hampshire Ski Resorts - AOL Travel News
Best New Hampshire Ski Resorts
by Christopher Curley Subscribe to Christopher Curley's posts Posted Nov 16th 2010 10:13 AM
TEXT SIZE:
Email This
With the White Mountains taking up almost a quarter of the state, New Hampshire possesses an embarrassment of riches when it comes to ski-worthy peaks. The best New Hampshire ski resorts aren't just about great heights though; the standouts have excellent grooming, diverse trail selection, and sometimes even a bit of history that propels them into the upper echelon of skiing experiences. Here are some of our favorites.
Best New Hampshire Ski Resorts: Bretton Woods and Omni Mount Washington Resort
Conjoined with the palatial century-old Omni Mount Washington Resort , Bretton Woods' 450-plus acres (the largest in the state) of trails and glades make this resort a must-ski for your New Hampshire getaway. The vistas are breathtaking, and their 101 trails cover all competency levels, from challenging moguls to leisurely beginner slopes that curl around the beautiful pine-ensconced mountainside. Bretton Woods also has a limited number of trails open for night skiing – a truly unique experience that every skier should try at least once.
Best New Hampshire Ski Resorts: Attitash Bear Peak
There's no night skiing here, but between Attitash and Bear Peak (the resort's two ranges) there are 77 trails -- more than enough to fill a day's slalom. Attitash is an ideal ski resort for families, with a lauded full-day kids' program for $79 that gives you the freedom to hit the slopes with your significant other (they don't require you to stay on the mountain, so you even take a jaunt into town if you please). Attitash wins for its excellent staff, great conditions, and reasonable prices. No one factor makes it one of the best New Hampshire ski resorts, but the combination of all three make it irresistible.
Best New Hampshire Ski Resorts: Waterville Valley
Also known for its kids' program, Waterville Valley has equally well-regarded adult ski lessons that are perfect for any skiing novice, and even the old pros feeling a little rusty. The mountain trends more to the difficult side -- often described as a "shades of blue" mountain -- engineered for exciting runs, even if they can be a little daunting at first.
Best New Hampshire Ski Resorts: Loon Mountain
Possibly one of the biggest "brands" among the best New Hampshire ski resorts, Loon Mountain has earned every bit of its reputation. The resort has 56 trails on 352 to acres and brings the crowds during weekends and holidays. That's okay, though. One of the best things about Loon is its friendly, communal spirit, bolstered in part by a steady roster of contests and events during the ski season, from freestyle competitions, to live music, to "snow golf" that gives the resort a bright, sprightly and warm atmosphere despite the chilly the New England climate.
