77
1625
The higher the interest, the bigger the capital gain. At 10 per cent,     the sum would increase to $2594.00; at 15 per cent, to $4055.00.
Warren Buffet is said to look at the compounding factor when deciding on investments,     requiring a stock investment to show a high probability of compound growth in earnings of     at least 10 per cent before making an investment decision.
Compounding and retained earnings
Warren Buffett has on several occasions referred to the use by a company of its     retained earnings as a test of company management. He tells us that, if a company can earn     more money on retained earnings than the shareholder can, the shareholder is better off     (taxation aside) if the company retains profits and does not pay them out in dividends. If     the shareholder can achieve a higher rate of return than the company, the shareholder     would be better off if the company paid out all its profits in dividends (taxation     situation again excluded) so that they could use the money themselves.
Put simply, if a company can retain earnings to grow shareholder wealth at better than     the market rates available to shareholders, it should do so. If it can’t, it should     pay the earnings to shareholders and let them do with them what they wish.
 High returns on equity
This is why Buffett is interested in companies that have rights rates of earnings on     equity and likes them even more where the return rates are increasing. He reasons that,     with a company like this, he is better off if the company pays no or little dividends and     retains the money to earn even more for its owners.
In addition, where no dividend is received, there is no income tax payable by the     shareholder. Instead, the investor gets the value of the increase in value in the shares     which will, eventually, rise to reflect the enhanced earnings. The shareholder can then     retain the shares, sell them at a time that best suits them, if they wish, and take     advantage of the capital gains taxation regime.
It is why potential investors should calculate the     company’s history of returns on equity and management of retained earnings .
Berkshire Hathaway and retained earnings
Berkshire Hathaway does not, following Buffett’s mantra, pay dividends to its     shareholders and this is one reason why its compound return over the years of Buffett-Munger management has been so high.
The downside of course is that shareholders have not received dividends, meaning, that     if they were dependent on money coming in at a given time, their only recourse, in     relation to their shareholding, would be to sell the shares or borrow against them.
Having regard to the huge price of a single share over the past few years, this meant     that investors may have had to either keep all their shareholding or dispose of it, not     always the choice they wanted. Berkshire Hathaway partly catered for this dilemma by     introducing B shares, which are in essence a fractional unit of the normal shares.
A powerful force
When asked to nominate the most powerful force on earth, Albert Einstein is reputed to     have answered ‘compound interest’. Buffett might well agree.
 
