Guiding borrowers to the right decisions
Protecting borrowers from mortgage predators
The Nomenclature of Simple Interest Mortgages
January 7, 2008
What truly distinguishes simple interest mortgages from others is that    they accrue interest daily rather than monthly. All mortgages are simple    interest in not charging interest on prior interest, except those that    allow negative amortization.
"I am perplexed at what appears to be a nomenclature problem that the    mortgage industry has created with its definition of ‘simple interest    mortgage’. Aren’t most monthly payment mortgages simple interest?"
They are, and I agree with you that the existing nomenclature can be    confusing to borrowers.
Two separate concepts are involved. One is a distinction between simple    interest and compound interest. The second is a distinction between    monthly and daily interest accrual periods. Borrowers who don’t    understand these distinctions may not manage their mortgage properly.
Simple Interest Vs Compound Interest
"Simple interest" means that interest is not paid on interest. With "compound interest", interest is (or can be) paid on interest.
The distinction is best understood in connection with savings    instruments. Suppose a bank pays an annual rate of 3%, or .25% a month.    On a $100,000 deposit, the account would earn $250 in month one. If it    was a simple interest account, the bank would also pay $250 in month    two. If it was a compound interest account, it would pay interest of    $250.60 in month two, the 60 cents being the interest on the $250 earned    in month one.
If the bank paid simple interest, the depositor could withdraw the    $100,250 after month one and place it in another bank which would pay    interest on the entire amount. This would impose needless cost on    depositors. To my knowledge, there are no simple interest deposit    accounts. Nobody objects to banks paying depositors interest on    interest. As I note below, however, some people do object to lenders    charging interest on interest.
Mortgages can also be simple interest or compound interest. However, all    mortgages are simple interest except those involving negative    amortization, where the payment does not cover the interest. (If unpaid    interest is added to the balance, as it is on a negative amortization    loan, in future months, interest is calculated on a balance that    includes unpaid interest, which makes it a compound interest loan.)    Absent negative amortization, all mortgages are simple interest.
Monthly Accrual Vs Daily Accrual
The interest accrual period is the period over which interest is    credited. If interest is credited monthly on a savings account, as in my    earlier example, the consumer who withdraws an account before the month    is up receives no interest for the month. If interest accrues daily on    that account, it would earn $8.22 the first day, with the interest    credit rising slightly over the month as each day’s interest is added to    the previous day’s balance.
Mortgages can also accrue interest monthly or daily. With monthly    accrual, the quoted annual rate (say 6%) is divided by 12 and that    number is multiplied by the loan balance at the end of the preceding    month to get the interest due for the month. With daily accrual, the    annual rate is divided by 365 and that number is multiplied by the loan    balance at the end of the preceding day to get the interest due for the    day.
The Two Kinds of Mortgages
With reference to simple versus compound interest and monthly versus    daily accrual periods, there are two kinds of mortgages in the US. One    accrues interest monthly, and is simple interest except when it allows    negative amortization, when it is compound interest. This mortgage has    no special name because most mortgages are of this type.
Note: Monthly accrual mortgages may use daily accrual at the very    beginning and very end of their lives. If they close on any day of the    month except the first, they will accrue interest daily from the closing    date to the first day of the following month. This is called "per diem    interest". If they are prepaid in full or refinanced, interest is    charged from the last day of the preceding month to the closing date. An    exception is FHAs, where a full month's interest must be paid. See    Mortgage Closing Date: Does It Matter?
The second kind of mortgage accrues interest daily and is always simple    interest. This kind of mortgage ought to be called a "daily accrual    mortgage" because that would clearly distinguish it from the standard    mortgage. But it isn’t, it is called a "simple interest mortgage". That    can be confusing because most standard mortgages are also simple    interest, but that is the practice.
 
