Word Problems
The GMAT will occasionally test your facility with calculating interest. Savings accounts, checking accounts, money-market accounts, investment accounts — these are all examples of accounts that can earn interest and can therefore be fair game for GMAT test writers. Interest-based problems don’t appear with great frequency on the GMAT but when they show up they’re a great opportunity to earn points because interest isn’t that difficult when you know a trick or two.
Simple Interest
Simple interest is called “simple” for a reason. It’s a quite straightforward thing. If you invest $100 in an account that earns 7% simple annual interest, then after one year you will earn $7. If you invest $1000 in an account that earns 5% simple annual interest, then one year later you have $1050 in your account. So far, so good. But it gets a little complicated when compound interest comes into play, which is the main reason the GMAT will usually use that rather than simple interest.
Compound Interest
The amount of money initially invested in something is known as the principal. This principal will earn interest. Compound interest means that the interest earned becomes part of the principal and itself earns interest. Thus you earn interest on the interest. There’s a formula for compound interest which looks like this: Principal + compound interest = Principal
. In this formula, r represents the interest rate per compounding period expressed as a decimal, and t represents the number of compounding periods.
So, for example, if you placed $100 in an account that earns 8% annual interest, compounded quarterly, we could use the formula to find out how much money would be in the account at the end of the year. In this case, t would be 4, because there are four compounding periods in a year if you compound quarterly. But be careful not to use 0.8 for r because 8% is the annual interest rate, and r represents the interest rate per compounding period. Therefore, r is 0.2 because we have 2% interest every three months. Thus our formula will look like this:
Principal + compound interest =
