                              30 Years                         $32,434                                 $100,627
                              40 Years                         $48,010                                 $217,245
The table above is just showing a one-time deposit of $10,000, with no additional deposits, and no taxes taken out. Just think if you were to add some bounty as you went along…Now you would really be getting somewhere. You can also check out the rule of 72 here.
 Three things determine how fast and how much your money compounds: The interest rate, the length of time you leave your money alone to compound,  and the tax rate.
Interest rate - Interest rates change over time. To get a better rate of return, you will have to take on more risk. The amount of risk you take on will depend upon your risk tolerance, your age, and the savings/investment instruments you choose.
Time – The more time you have to let your money grow, the better, and the more risk you can potentially take on.
Tax Rates - Tax rates change and the government’s gonna get a piece of your pie, one way or another. You have two choices: Pay taxes as you go, (non-qualified), or have your money grow tax deferred, (qualified) in an IRA, or a Roth IRA, or the like. With an IRA, you get a tax deduction for the amount of money you put in your IRA each year (up to a certain amount.) With a Roth IRA, you do not get a tax deduction, but your money grows tax deferred and you pay no taxes when you take the money out. These rules seem to change almost every year, and with the government so strapped for money, who knows what changes are ahead, but for now I have a Roth IRA, and I like it.  
The bottom line is that it’s not easy to save unless you make it a priority. Even then, life has it’s way of letting you know who’s boss. The important thing is to start where and how you can, and grow from there. If you can stay in that mode, in time compound interest will start to work for you. By then you will have two portfolios – Your art portfolio, and your financial portfolio.
Getting Started
I am no Mark Twain, and I am no licensed financial guy. (Although I once was, in another life). But you gotta start somewhere, and in my humble opinion, the basics are the best place to start. If are young or are at a place where you are just getting started in the savings/investment game, I  think a good credit union is a good place to start. At a credit union, you are a member, not an ATM machine like at most banks.  Once you have a savings account built up to a level you feel is right for you, think about investing, or reducing debt. 
If you already have some savings and are looking to invest, ask around if there might be a experienced, trustworthy, financial professional in your area that you can consult with. Don’t give them any money to start with, just check them out. Ask them about Exchange Traded Funds. The expenses are less than most mutual funds, there are many to choose from, and you can manage them in your own online account, if you want to. 
The most important thing is to get started and get your money and compound interest to work for you….OK, I know that’s enough money talk for now. Go go draw, paint, sculpt, write, take photos, read, etc., I need to get back in the studio too!
Have you subscribed? It’s free and easy…just click on the orange button at top right and  follow the simple instructions…or leave a comment!
In the meantime, think how you can use compound interest to your advantage.
  
