Understanding The Concept Of Compound Interest
Make Thousands More On Your Investment: Understanding The Concept Of Compound Interest
Albert Einstein once said, “The most powerful force in the world is compound interest,” and has also been quoted as terming it the eighth wonder of the world. Surprisingly, despite these bold claims, most people don’t understand how compound interest works: this article aims to define the concept, and briefly present its (many) benefits. In this way, first-time investors can better understand what’s going on with their money.
There are two major types of interest – simple and compound – each affecting the performance of an investment in very different ways.
Simple interest is an interest rate that is paid on an investment but is not added to the principle investment. In other words, if you had $10,000 invested at 10% per annum for five years but the interest paid was only simple interest, that would mean that you would receive $1,000 interest each year for the five years of the investment period. These interest payments are never added to the $10,000, which is why the interest and principle remain the same for the five-year period.
Compound interest, like simple interest, is the rate paid on an investment; the difference is, this amount is then added to the principle. Once the interest has been added to the principle, it too begins to accrue interest. Taking the abovementioned example of $10,000 invested at 10% per annum, the first year’s interest would also amount to $1,000 – but here the similarity ends: as soon as the interest is gained it is added to the original $10,000 making a total of $11,000 for which interest is now calculated upon.
Below is a table showing the $10,000 invested over the five years at 10% per annum. Notice that the compound interest column is worth an extra $1,252 and, as the years go by, the gap between compound and simple interest begins to widen until the actual amount invested is dwarfed by the phenomenal effect of the compound interest.
 
Time                       Simple Interest             Compound Interest
Year 1                     $1,000                           $1,000
