Personal Finance Calculators > Compound         Interest Calculator
Compound Interest Calculator
Use this calculator to determine the worth of your investment after some years if you earned a fixed rate of return on it.
 
Share calculator
BankBazaar is the first and only site that has developed an eligibility calculator where you can compare rates         from multiple banks, choose the best loan for your profile and requirements and apply to bank - everything         completely online.         Check out Home Loan Eligibility Calculator , Personal Loan Eligibility Calculator , Car Loan Eligibility Calculator
Compound Interest Calculator FAQ:
What is compound interest?
Compound interest is the concept of adding accumulated interest back to the principal, so that interest is  earned on interest from that moment on. The act   of declaring interest to be principal is called compounding (i.e. interest is compounded). A loan,  for example, may have its interest  compounded every month: in this   case, a loan with Rs. 100 principal and 1% interest per month would have a  balance of Rs. 101 at the end of the  first month.
The effect of compounding depends on the frequency with which interest is compounded and the periodic   interest rate which is applied. Therefore, in  order   to define accurately the amount to be paid under a legal contract with interest, the frequency of compounding (yearly, half-yearly, quarterly,  monthly, daily, etc.) and   the interest rate must be specified. Since most people prefer to think of rates as  a yearly percentage, most financial  institutions disclose a (notionally) comparable   yearly interest rate on deposits or advances.
Compound interest may be contrasted with simple interest, where interest is not added to the principal (there is no compounding).
Some useful terminology
Nominal annual interest rate: This is the annual rate, unadjusted for compounding. For example, 12% annual nominal interest compounded monthly has a periodic   (monthly) rate of 1%. Financial institutions will usually quote this rate along with the compounding period, when they offer you a loan or a fixed deposit.  Effective   annual rate: This is obtai ned by restating the nominal rate to reflect the effective rate as if  annual compounding were applied. This is the real rate of interest you   are paying (in the case of a loan), or earning (in the case of a fixed  deposit).
Formula for calculating compound interest
Where,
P = principal amount (initial investment)
r = annual nominal interest rate (as a decimal)
n = number of times the interest is compounded per  year
t = number of years A = amount after time t.
An example: An amount of Rs. 10,000 is deposited in  a bank paying an annual interest rate of  6.5%, compounded monthly.
Find the balance after 8 years. Answer. Using the formula above, with P = 10,000, r = 6.5/100 = 0.065, n = 12, and t = 8: So, the balance after 8 years is   approximately Rs. 16,797.
