Was this article helpful? 0 0
Compound Interest
By Lit Smith
Is it just to understand compound interest?
As in the credit market, more experts are beginning to emphasize the need for financial literacy of consumers. Banks carefully assessing the risk when handing out loans. Although the logic apparently is not complex, some clauses of the bank contracts may sound incomprehensible to many, which in turn can lead to confusion. The most prudent to consult with the credit inspector, examine not only the amount of interest, but also on the size of individual contributions, and the fees payable. Rule number one is - do not hesitate to ask questions.
According to the Study of the Organization for Economic Development published a few years ago, although 67 percent of the population of Australia says they are aware of the concept of compound interest, only 28 percent demonstrated a thorough understanding. UK, the report indicates that consumers are not actively seeking financial information, and Canadians say that to ask their advice on the topic seems more stressful than dentist appointments.
What are the main points which may mislead consumers?
When looking at the ads for loans with low interest rates, question number one should be - for what loan period will the interest be compounded? Although at first glance it might not seem like a good question, the difference may seem unequivocal, but it never is. Not accidentally Roman law, inherited from many Western countries is prohibiting the charging of compound interest - a practice which now applies to most loans. The difference is that compound interest is charged not only on principal and on interest paid to date. Thus the total amount due is increasing exponentially, as the period of the loan progresses, and the result could be surprising.
For example, if you owe 10 percent on loans of 1000 euro for one year in charge compound interest will pay a total of 1104.70 euro against prostate in 1100. What happens, however, if the repayment period is 30 years? Then the difference becomes more than 4000 euro to nearly 20 thousand - a significant amount, which seems to be worth it to present some additional questions. In compound interest, small difference in interest rates may have an enormous impact!
I am also passionate about Wholesale Hip-Hop Jewelry and helping people that might have went on the wrong path with Expunging criminal records
Did you find this article helpful? 0 0
Get Involved
