How To Succeed
Interest that is paid on both the principal balance of the loan and on any accrued (unpaid) interest . Capitalizing the interest on an unsubsidized Stafford loan is a form of compounding.
The interest being paid on the debt may be simple or compound.  Simple interest is computed on the principal alone, whereas compound interest is computed on the principal and on any interest that has not been paid. Capitalized simple interest is an easy method of computing interest (often used in spreadsheets or with pocket calculators) but is not always fair for the lender and borrower . With this method, the same amount of interest is computed daily throughout the period and at the point of capitalization (compounding) the total interest generated is added to the principal. This balance becomes the new principal upon which interest is computed until the next capitalization.
The "com" in compound also means a bit more complicated. Compound interest results in interest being calculated not only on the original principal, but also interest on the accumulated interest. As a real estate agent working with real estate investing clients, if compound interest is a factor, it's important that you know how to calculate compound interest.
Capitalized interest, Compound interest and accrued interest?
Capitalized interest is unpaid, accrued interest that is added to the principal balance of your loan. It is also called "compound interest." When interest is capitalized, your total debt increases. It is very important to make interest payments on unsubsidized Federal Stafford Loans , even when you are not required to (e.g., when you are enrolled in school at least half time or during your grace period or authorized periods of deferment). By making interest payments, you can save yourself a considerable amount of money over a standard 10-year repayment period.
Deferred student loans are a good example of capitalized interest. When someone decides to defer a loan and not make any payments or not enough payments to cover interest, they end up paying interest on interest.
Compound interest generally refers to gains from investments that result from earning returns on previously earned returns. Capitalized interest refers to debt that compounds because you are paying interest on interest that you have already accrued but not yet paid. These are similar terms but used in different contexts.
Power of Compound Interest
Suppose student A says she’s going to save $100 a month for 10 years. Student B says he’s going to wait until he’s making more money and then he’ll save $100 a month for 20 years. Who will have saved more money? Student A contributes $12,000 but ends up with nearly $73,537. Student B contributes $24,000 and ends up with only $46,435. Below Shows the value of starting a savings plan early:
Student A - Age 25 - $100/Month - 10 Years - Contributes $12,000 = $73,537 at age 60
Student B - Age 40 - $100/Month - 20 Years - Contributes $24,000 = $46,435 at age 60
Savings growth calculated at 6% interest as shown for Compound Interest
Here’s what compound interest looks like on a chart. This is as close to getting free money as possible. The message here is the earlier you start saving, the more your money grows. Graphically demonstrates the smaller contribution and the greater interest earned by Student A.
Savings Calculator
Savings Calculator enables students to see how saving today can grow in the future. For most people, creating a budget also means establishing a savings plan and savings goal. As a student or recent grad, the most important part of saving isn’t the amount but simply beginning the act of putting a little away each month, even if it is just $20. Putting your money to work for you as soon as possible will pay greater dividends in the long run. We’ll discuss how in a few slides. If you can afford it, put at least 10 percent of your income in savings each month. When it comes to investing, consider participating in your employer’s retirement plan. How many of you have a savings account? The importance of saving: How to do it and why it’s important to form the habit early?
Pay Yourself First
Today’s habits pay off tomorrow
Include savings in your budget
Save for emergencies
Save for major purchases
Saving vs. Investing
Generally, we save up for short-term goals and invest for long-term goals. Short-term goals are goals you want to reach in five years or less or money you’ll need to access in an emergency. A down payment for a house or car would be considered a short-term goal – as would saving for a vacation. If you have long-term goals like funding your retirement or a child’s college education, then investing might make more sense. The reason for the less-than-five-years or greater-than-five-years timeline is because investing takes on more risk. If you’re saving to put a down payment on a house you may not want it in the stock market because you could lose 10 percent or more in value just before you need your money. When saving with a bank or credit union your money is insured and protected against losing value. In this presentation we are going to review your savings options.
Investing for long-term goals
