Post a comment
"Remember that money is of a prolific generating nature. Money can beget money, and its offspring can beget more." - Benjamin Franklin
Compound interest has been referred to as the "eighth wonder of the world", a quote attributed to no less than Baron Rothschild, Albert Einstein, and Benjamin Franklin! Regardless of who actually said it, there is no doubting the simple, yet powerful and positive effect it can have on your savings and investment funds. (The quote that is attributed to Einstein is, "Compounding is mankind's greatest invention because it allows for the reliable, systematic accumulation of wealth." Reliable and systematic accumulation of wealth...What else do we want from our investments!
Compound interest is interest paid on interest. Your money makes money. It is a simple, yet effective way of legitimately building wealth. The trick is you need to leave the money alone and let the interest grow. There is nothing you have to do to take advantage of compound interest. What is required of you is the discipline to let your money alone.
Interest can be compounded over differing periods of time. Interest can be compounded daily, monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or on an annual basis. CD's pay interest, money market bank accounts pay interest, savings accounts pay interest, money market funds pay interest, etc. The more frequently the interest is compounded, the more accelerated the growth of the investment. Compound interest has a powerful snowballing effect on your investments and savings accounts, providing you leave your investment alone and let the accumulating funds multiply and grow. For compound interest to work to it's maximum effect, it is necessary for invested funds to remain invested for the long-term. It is very tempting to start thinking about how you can spend those growing earnings!
Making Use of Compound Interest Tables
Compound interest tables can give you a realistic idea of just how much money needs to be saved to reach a particular financial goal, which can be an invaluable savings and investment tool. Your son or daughter needs money for college when they reach a certain age? Compound interest tables can tell you how much you are going to need to save in order to have that money ready.
Compound interest tables can help you calculate how much money you are going to need to invest now in order to have certain amount of money in the future, and can be used for such goals as college education funds, retirement goal-amounts, and other financial goals which require the accumulation of a given amount of money at some point in the future.
Compound interest tables will help you determine:
1. How much you will need to invest over a given period of time in order to reach a specific goal.
2. How much an invested lump-sum of money will be worth at some future point at a given interest rate.
3. What rate of return you will need on an investment in order for that investment to grow to a desired amount at some point in the future.
Here is an example of how compound interest tables can help you in achieving a financial goal:
Goal - You wish to save $20,000 for your child's college education. You estimate you will need this money in 10 years. You have found a safe/guaranteed investment that pays 6% annual interest rate which is compounded on a monthly basis. (Remember, this is an illustration only!) How much will you need to deposit per month in order to reach your goal? Compound interest tables will give you the answer. (In this instance, you will need to make monthly deposits of $115 to meet your investment objective.)
The Rule of 72
Want to know how long it will take to double your money? Apply the Rule of 72:
Divide 72 by the annual interest rate of return you are getting on your investment. The result is the number of years it will take to double your money!
Letting It Work
Combining the benefits of compound interest with a regular systematic savings plan will result in an effective method by which to accumulate a substantial financial nest egg, as well as a means by which to achieve a desired financial goal. Obviously, the higher the interest rate you can get on your investment, the more frequently you can invest, and the larger the amount you can afford to invest, all increase the total amount of money you accumulate through the compounding of interest.
Make use of this powerful investment strategy. Take advantage of the effect compound interest will have on your savings and investment goals. What the process demands on your part is patience and self-control. You will be well rewarded.
Sources:
Sherman, Michael. 1986. Comprehensive Compound Interest Tables. Chicago: Contemporary Books, Inc.
Quoteland.com
