Really, the best way for an immortal to make any serious money is to go public as being an ageless, deathless being and create your own religion. That’s bound to be good for some serious long-term income.
Ryan Davidson
| January 10, 2011 at 1:45 pm | Reply
To all the people saying that gold is the solution: not really.
Gold and other precious metals may work reasonably well as a store of value–though the Ottoman Empire declined in no small part due to inflation in silver pricing–but gold, as such, does not earn interest, because it’s a commodity, not money. Only money earns interest. And once one starts using gold as money instead of a commodity, i.e. do anything with it other than bury it in the back yard, one becomes vulnerable to precisely the problems discussed in the post and Mr. Daily’s subsequent comment on long-term political instability. What’s even worse than a bank failure? Having the currency in which your fortune is denominated cease to exist.
What the gold-partisan commenters are basically describing is long-term commodity speculation. That can be a decent way to make a living, but it isn’t compound interest, it’s buying low and selling high, i.e. a real job.
John
| January 10, 2011 at 6:38 pm | Reply
I’d think that, for those with the talent, being an artist would be the best bet.  Historically, you get a “patron” who covers costs, who could very well be someone as deep-pocketed as the government or church.  Today, you have Intellectual Property rights that let you license and sue forever.
All you need is insight into what the public likes, which if you have centuries of trial and error, starts to look like good odds.
Plus, music and literature are as portable as anything.  So portable, in fact, that you could probably gain patronage from a few scattered minor noblemen for the same story, either across decades or through agents.
Grant
| January 10, 2011 at 11:30 pm | Reply
Not really. The arts are some of the most competitive and desperate fields to be in.
To start you have to have some talent which is by no means guaranteed. Seriously, try taking classes in painting, singing, or acting. I can say from experience that they’re incredibly difficult. People can study for decades and devote themselves to an art and still be terrible at it. Even in today’s American music and movie industries where looks are heavily weighed if you don’t have talent then you’ll only last a decade at the absolute best.
Following that is the issue of patrons. My knowledge of art history isn’t that great but I do know that systems of how art was supported have changed quite a bit. Just look at the differences between French art schools in the late 19th century and compare them to today. Things are rather different in terms of galleries, sales and standards. Then consider that even today art can still face a great deal of censorship based on religious, national and political policies and actually selling anything could be a problem.
Intellectual property as we understand it is actually fairly new for music. Several famous jazz artists at the start of the 20th century died without a penny to their name. As for anything created before the 20th century, forget it. That definitely will be in public domain. How long something remains out of public domain I don’t know but often it’s decades after the death of the artist. That might sound like a lot but for an immortal it’s a short time, and if immortals were known to exist it’s entirely possible intellectual property laws would be altered to only apply for a certain amount of time. Even there, that’s assuming that the public still likes your stuff a decade later. Not everyone is a Beatle or Picasso after all.
Then there’s decay. Say you make a painting or hymn in the 14th century. How well will it survive the next five hundred years? If you’re unlucky it might be in pieces before ten years have passed.
While I don’t believe the doomsday scenarios given about illegal downloading I have no doubt that it takes a significant portion of money away from companies and artists. An artist with only a cult following might make no money at all.
Finally there’s the question of how you’re going to get the money. Claiming to be your own descendant might mean you’ll run into a lot of people who knew you and thought you were dead.
John
| January 11, 2011 at 8:00 am |
I agree with your points, Grant, but interpret many of them differently.  Volatility, censorship, and so forth means that you can sell successful works many times over.  That forgotten hymn can find another patron.  Better, someone else’s forgotten hymn can find another patron in your name.  It doesn’t need to be new, just new to the client to whom you’ll be dedicating it.
The recency of Intellectual Property as a concept even means that you’re not breaking laws.  And it’s probably not even very high risk:  Consider that people pore over Shakespeare’s works and its sources and such, but nobody even pretends to believe that Shakespeare might have been Jorge de Montemayor or any of the other writers whose ideas (and text) he borrowed.
It’s true that you need the talent (even if you’re plagiarizing) and a way of disguising your identity (or move frequently), but enough immortal characters talk about how they’ve been “the man behind the man” that neither seems like a huge stretch.
And hey, once upon a time, you weren’t considered educated unless you could paint, sing multi-part harmonies, and write poetry in multiple languages.  So we may well be underestimating our immortal friend.
| January 11, 2011 at 9:32 am |
> An artist with only a cult following might make no money at all.
The case has been made that artists with cult followings are the best off, proportionately speaking, in the downloading doomsday: http://www.kk.org/thetechnium/archives/2008/03/1000_true_fans.php
And many small musicians reportedly live off t-shirt and other such merchandise sales (like webcomic artists do), and for that you need cults that will attend in person.
Scott R.
| January 11, 2011 at 12:14 pm | Reply
As a side note to the gold discussion that may be relelvant to immortals — one author, Jeremy Siegel, notes that if you had the choice in 1802 between buying gold and keeping your cash in paper currency, the better long-term solution was actually to hold on to the paper.  Today, the “collectible” currency is actually worth more than the gold it would have bought.
Charlie
| January 11, 2011 at 1:40 pm | Reply
One way this might work is by directly lending to people.  If you say, “pay me back in fifty years,” or “put me in your will”, you might be able to convince people to 7% interest, because people think short term
Mot
| January 11, 2011 at 4:04 pm | Reply
What about permanent life insurance policies?  Of course, the immortal would have to lie about his/her ability to die (which probably void the contract), but most whole-life policies are required by law to provide some form of cash value increase annually, and most life insurance policies pay out the cash value and death benefit if the insured reaches a certain age (between 100 and 120 years old).
Just like the banking system, however, life insurance is a relatively young notion and applying for/collecting on the policies would require more than a few slights of hand.
Martin Phipps
| January 11, 2011 at 10:55 pm | Reply
But how would you go about putting yourself in your own will and then faking your own death without people getting suspicious?  You tell people that you have a long lost son in Switzerland that nobody knows about and when you die you go to Switzerland and try to act surprised when lawyers tell you you’ve inherited all this money?  But then you would have had to have set up this second identity in advance which seems a bit problematic.  Maybe it would be better to simply sell your property and move on to somewhere else and buy new property from the proceeds.
Ka
Great post! I actually recalled this situation first from Futurama. I’ve actually never considered inflation in the “interest scheme”.
Matthew Borcherding
| January 13, 2011 at 2:33 am | Reply
From all this, its doesn’t look like (near?) immortals are going to do consistently well as just plain investors.
Sure, invest in stocks, commodities, real property, bank accounts, etc. and try to profit.  But you’re better off using your real advantages over us “foolish mortals.”
As noted above, you make a great antiques dealer — you’ve been there.  You have hundreds (thousands?) of years of experience.  (You’d might also be really good at restoring antiques, faking antiques, etc.  You may have actually been the original artist in one of you myriad identities…)
Same with teacher, professor, especially of anything old to really old.  (Vandal Savage would make a great paleo-anthropologist, if he ever decided to give up on the whole general conquest thing.  And let’s get Apocalypse,  Black Adam, or Rama-tut as Professor of Egyptology.)
But probably your best job — and one most of the immortal types in fiction seem to do on and off — is be a mercenary.  If you you are (near?) impossible to kill, have hundreds to thousands of years of experience, probably have super-human endurance, don’t suffer from disease, etc. — you make one amazing soldier, warrior, and/or assassin.  Travel the world from conflict to conflict and you’ll nearly always do well.   And if you do well enough, become a warlord.  And if well enough at that a (god) king.   Or the power behind a throne controlling public mortal figureheads.  And then you might be set for hundreds of years if things go well.
But yeah, keep diversifying.  And since banks don’t exist much of the time, that also means treasure caches.  Keep them hidden.   Having them at places that mere mortals can’t easily reach would probably help (bottoms of lakes, high mountain tops, caves with toxic fumes, arctic or desert wastes, etc.).  You know the good times won’t last forever — you’ve seen it happen too many times.  You’ve helped destroy a few kings/pharaohs/pashas/sultans/dictators/etc. yourself.  Always be ready to bug out and anonymously resurface elsewhere with whatever wealth you can carry/salvage.
| January 23, 2011 at 11:28 am | Reply
How about this: If immortals were publicly known to exist, it’s possible that society might want them to be in charge of the banks and financial institutions, because they would have the greatest vested interest in maintaining the long-term stability of those institutions.  Also, maybe they’d be less likely to forget the lessons of the past and repeat its mistakes.  (Though on the other hand, they could just as easily become so hidebound that they’d keep on repeating the same mistakes over and over.)
David
| January 19, 2012 at 3:22 pm | Reply
I think the best option is to set up a capital management firm as an LLC or some other form of non-publicly traded company, so as to avoid SEC oversight, and appoint a trusted minion as president of the company.  As long as you pay your taxes and keep a diversified portfolio you should be able to maintain a comfortable lifestyle while keeping the IRS off your back. Appoint a trusted minion to be president of the company. Basically he serves as a face for the company and collects a pay check but has no real power. This way people won’t get suspicious that you haven’t aged because you’re the silent partner.  When he’s ready to retire he can “sell” the company to your hand picked replacement.  Lestat in the Vampire Chronicles has a similar scheme though his financial advisor doesn’t know his immortal secret. Also Lestat is able to charm people into giving him their wealth and he also takes it from his victims so he doesn’t need to work to accumulate wealth. An immortal hero on the other hand would probably want to accumulate wealth in a more ethical manner  and then invest it.
