Number of Years to Compound:
Future Value
Learn How Compound Interest Works to Better Manage your Money
Many people who have only a rudimentary idea of the effect of interest on their lives might be afraid to take the time to better understand how compound interest works. After all, most people only understand this principle’s real impact on their lives when it is being used to increase their levels of indebtedness. When money is owed to a creditor, that amount can often rise in accordance with the agreed rate of interest.
Knowing how compound interest works can be a beneficial tool, however, particularly where savings and investments are concerned. Most people learned this lesson early in life, but have simply forgotten it as time has gone by and the more negative aspects of interest have made their effects known. For people who want to do a better job managing money and preparing for the future, a reintroduction to the positive benefits of compound interest is probably long overdue.
Albert Einstein once referred to compound interest as being the world’s eighth wonder. He also noted that anyone who took the time to understand its power could harness it for greater earnings, while those who failed to grasp its effects were doomed to pay it. The fact is that this compounding effect has no intrinsic value where good and evil are concerned, but is simply a mathematical fact of life.
Thus, it can be a harsh taskmaster to the consumer who borrows money, but a helpful friend to that same consumer when he makes use of various savings vehicles for his money. Since compounded earnings gets added to any principal, and then that entire amount is used the next time interest is compiled, it is easy to see how the use of this compounding mechanism can enable diligent savers to amass large sums of money over time.
To begin with, it is important to recognize exactly how compound interest works. When a consumer invests his money, the principle of compounding begins to grow that money almost immediately. During each compounding period, the amount of compounded money earned on savings or investments gets added to the invested principal. The next time the earnings are calculated, the compound rate is applied to the new and increased principal.
When determining how compound interest works, there are two factors: the rate at which earnings are compounded, and the time period over which the investment is allowed to grow. Using these fundamentals, someone who is able to make an initial ten thousand dollar investment at a ten percent growth rate will see that investment swell to more than forty thousand dollars in just fifteen short years.
Since time is such a critical factor in this growth strategy, it is wise for people to begin investing their money at the earliest possible age. For most people, this requires a level of commitment and patience that they do not have. Still, it is something that they should aspire to if they want to be on the receiving end of this principle’s benefits rather than on the paying side of the equation. The good news is that this can be accomplished with just a little bit of planning and a lot of discipline.
For most people, the first step toward using this principle to their advantage is to eliminate all debts that use it against them. This includes credit cards that contain ongoing balances. Consumers who use these cards and routinely pay the balance each month avoid compounding rates, but those who carry a balance suffer from them. The best strategy is to eliminate every balance to free up capital for investment. Even if it takes five years to accomplish that goal, it is important enough to be worth the time and effort.
Once that compounding principle is no longer a foe, it becomes time to make it a friend. That means finding a reliable vehicle for investment that can provide a stable return on the investment principal over the course of many years. That, of course, eliminates most stocks from consideration. What the investor should seek are investments that provide smaller returns, but that do so on a consistent and stable basis.
Bonds are often considered a more reliable vehicle for this type of investment strategy. Bonds utilize the compounding principle in a straightforward way that most consumers can easily understand. For instance, a consumer who buys ten thousand dollars in long-term bonds would pay less than four thousand dollars for it. After several years of compounding, that bond can be redeemed for its full face value, usually netting a compound rate of more than five percent.
Government bonds at the federal level are generally perceived as being among the safest of these bond vehicles, because they are backed by that government’s promise to pay. There are also municipal bonds and corporate offerings that can be obtained in much the same way, but these are seldom as stable as federally-backed bond issues. Of those two choices, however, the corporate bond is the most risky investment. As such, it often offers an even higher rate of return.
Though bank savings accounts were once cited as being the perfect vehicle for this type of savings activity, low savings rates have been a fact of life for a number of decades now. As a result, few financial experts advocate that their clients attempt to realize sizable earnings through traditional savings accounts that may only pay one percent a year. Until that rate changes, savings accounts are often considered safe havens for money rather than investment opportunities.
In the end, it is up to each individual to decide whether he wants to be ruled by the compounding principle or take ownership of it and make it work for his best interests. The fact is that most people can realize some kind of benefit from this principle, even if it is just to avoid falling sway to its power to increase debt. People who learn how compound interest works and who commit themselves to sound and sustained investment strategies, however, can almost always realize the benefits that the compound principle provides.
Using a Compound Interest Calculator Effectively
When you have chosen to make investments, then you will wish to know just how much interest you will make on your purchase over a certain time period. However, before you start to try and make this calculation, you need to consider if the rates are compound or not; if it is then the best… Continue Reading
Using an Interest Calculator to Determine Loan Repayments
Whenever a person decides to take out a loan, they are required to pay interest on the amount of money that was borrowed. If you are curious about how much of your money is being applied to interest and how much is being applied to your principal loan balance, you should consider using an interest… Continue Reading
