04/08/2009 at 11:53 pm
With all due respect (that means don’t get mad!!),
I don’t think this could be any less clear… You missed the point really. Giving a formula does not explain, it simply calculates. Here’s (some of) what you missed.
1) The APY calculates the rate of simple interest (APR) which would result in an equal amount of money over one year with compounding. For example: If $100 grows to $112 including compounding in 1 year (no matter the frequency of compounding, here we compare final balances.), the APY is 12%. Notice that if you had earned 12% simple interest on $100, you’d have the same $112 at the end of the year.
2) The importance of APY is that it allows comparison from one product to the next. APRs are not comparable since they do not take into account compounding. Who knows if 5.25% APR compounded quarterly is better/worse than 5.251% APR compounded daily? But if you compare their APYs (which can be calculated using your formula…), you’d know the answer. You compute it, since I’m not giving the answer!
3) Regulation DD,Truth in Savings, requires banks to quote the APY on savings products. It’s not just marketing.
4) As for lending and APRs and APYs, the APY doesn’t really make sense. APR is required by law to be quoted (Truth in Lending Act), and it is again not marketing. The APR on a loan takes into account extra fees and additional points, etc. Here the “other rate” which one could talk about is the “note rate.” Moreoever, APRs on loans ARE comparable from one loan to the next. Also, interest on most loans is simple and not compounded. Payments are ordinarily first applied to interest, however, and then principal.  The only way the interest would be compounded is if the interest were added to the principal. I believe a term used often in this case is called “Capitalizing” the interest, but I could be wrong about that term. But loans are harder to analyze since the amount of principal on which the interest is being calculated changes with each payment or additional borrowing. The formulas are crazy different when the principal is changing, and the the topics of borrowing and saving are best treated separately in these scenarios, except during periods where no payments or new borrowing(and hence reduction/increase in principal) are made.
I hope I cleared it up a bit more. Perhaps doing another video might actually explain it. Otherwise, you could have just posted a formula.
Feel free to email me if you’d like more explanations in the event mine were not clear or you still don’t actually understand it.
I don’t mean to be harsh. it’s just that this is really rather elementary mathematics and should have been easy for you to explain.
