See also logarithmic or continuously compounded return .
Force of interest
In mathematics, the accumulation functions are often expressed in terms of e , the base of the natural logarithm . This facilitates the use of calculus methods in manipulation of interest formulae.
For any continuously differentiable accumulation function a(t) the force of interest, or more generally the logarithmic or continuously compounded return is a function of time defined as follows:
which is the rate of change with time of the natural logarithm of the accumulation function.
Conversely:
(since a(0) = 1 )
When the above formula is written in differential equation format, the force of interest is simply the coefficient of amount of change.
For compound interest with a constant annual interest rate r the force of interest is a constant, and the accumulation function of compounding interest in terms of force of interest is a simple power of e:
The force of interest is less than the annual effective interest rate, but more than the annual effective discount rate . It is the reciprocal of the e-folding time. See also notation of interest rates .
Compounding basis
See Day count convention
To convert an interest rate from one compounding basis to another compounding basis, the following formula applies:
where r1 is the stated interest rate with compounding frequency n1 and r2 is the stated interest rate with compounding frequency n2.
When interest is continuously compounded :
where R is the interest rate on a continuous compounding basis and r is the stated interest rate with a compounding frequency n.
Monthly mortgage payments
The interest on mortgages is often compounded monthly. The formula for payments is found from the following argument.
Notation
i = Monthly percentage rate = I/12 (so that the APR = (1+i)^12 - 1)
T = Term in years
X = ½ I•T = ½ Y
n = 12•T = term in months
L = Principal or amount of loan
P = monthly payment
If the term were only one month then clearly
(1 + i)L = P so that
. If the term were two months then (1 + i)((1 + i)L − P) = P , where (1 + i)L − P represents how much of the loan is left after one month. Thus,
. For a term of n months then
.
This can be simplified by noting that
and taking the difference:
so that
This formula for the monthly payment on a U.S. mortgage is exact and is what banks use.
Approximate formula for P
A formula that is accurate to within a few percent can be found by noting that for typical U.S. note rates ( I < 8% and terms T=10-30 years), the monthly note rate is small compared to 1: i < < 1 so that the
which yields a simplification so that
which suggests defining auxiliary variables
.
P0 is the monthly payment required for a zero interest loan paid off in n installments. In terms of these variables the approximation can be written
The function
is even: f(Y) = f( − Y) implying that it can be expanded in even powers of Y .
It follows immediately that
can be expanded in even powers of Y plus the single term: Y / 2
It will prove convenient then to define
so that
which can be expanded:
where the ellipses indicate terms that are higher order in even powers of X . The expansion
is valid to better than 1% provided
.
Example
For a mortgage with a term of 30 years and a note rate of 4.5% we find:
T = 30
I = .045
which suggests that the approximation
is accurate to better than one percent for typical U.S. mortgage terms in January 2009. The formula becomes less accurate for higher rates and longer terms.
For a 30-year term on a loan of $120,000 and a 4.5% note rate we find:
L = 120000
so that
The exact payment amount is P = $608.02 so the approximation is an overestimate of about a sixth of a percent.
Other approximations
The approximate formula
yields View formula on Wikipedia which is a slight underestimate of the exact result. This underestimate results from the approximation
. Keeping the next correction in the expansion of
results in an approximate formula
which is off by two tenths of a cent. The simplest approximation discussed
is good to within better than a percent for typical US mortgages in early 2009. The approximation
is an underestimate of around 10% for such mortgage payments.
History
Compound interest was once regarded as the worst kind of usury , and was severely condemned by Roman law , as well as the common laws of many other countries. [2]
In one passage, the Bible addresses the charging of interest in the following manner:
“
Take no usury or interest from him; but fear your God, that your brother may live with you. You shall not lend him your money for usury, nor lend him your food at a profit.
”
