Tagged as: compounding , investing
Subscribe to Financial Highway
Like what you just read and want to get more great content from Financial Highway?  Doing so is easy, just enter your email address below and you'll automatically get Financial Highway posts sent straight to your inbox.  Spam?  I hear ya, but don't worry, Financial Highway will never spam you or share your email address with anyone.  Oh and you can unsubscribe at any time with one simple click.
Frequency
Evolution of Wealth
See I find people know and believe in compounding interest but they miss a couple of things about it.  Yes it is a great and powerful thing.  People tend to forget equity returns.  Through in a down year and it tends to mess up a nice compound interest curve.  Now through in 2008 returns and see what happens.  Does it hurt?
Ray
@ EW Yes years like 2008 hurt, but investors need to focus on the long term returns rather than just a single year. Yes I know 2008 wiped out about 10 years of equity returns but after every down market there is a bull market.
Evolution of Wealth
So you loose 60% of the value.  You do realize you need to get a 150% rate of return just to get to where you were.  That’s one hell of a bull market.  If it’s wiping out 10 years of returns, is it a good way to estimate future values?  Financial planners all the time use compound interest curves to show growth of investments without regard to the way in which equities fluctuate.  It’s scary to me that people are misinformed into a false sense of security about the future of their money.  How does it make you feel?
By the way which 10 years does it wipe out on a compound interest curve?
Ray
loose 60% of your value? If you lost 60% of your portfolio while the market lost about 40% than you are obviously doing something very wrong. Financial planners use compounded interest and ignore market fluctuations because nobody knows exactly how much it will fluctuate, just as there are bad years like last year, there will be good years you can not possibly take all of that into account when trying to estimate your growth. So you take an average usually 6-8% (yes we’ll have years with -20% but we’ll also have years with 20%) that is the best way one can estimate growth. That is why it is important for investors to educate themselves and ask questions, nobody can control the markets all you can control is your emotions. Although markets are down for the past 10 years, if you look back long term say 20 years we S&P is still up over 200% since august 1989, this includes 3 bear markets.
If someone is scared of losing money in the markets and maybe they should stay away from it, eventually inflation will eat away purchasing power.
Evolution of Wealth
The market lost 40% in the calendar year of 2008.  If you go from the market close on Jan 3rd 2008 of 1447 to market close of Mar 9th 2009 of 678, you get a drop of about 55%.  If you use intraday it gets worse.  So yes the S&P 500 lost nearly 60% of it’s value.  Just so you know if you gain 20% one year and lose 20% the next year you aren’t even.  You are still down 4% without even taking into account inflation.  That puts you pretty far off from 6-8% every year.
I do have two questions however,
1. Is the only way to combat inflation using the market?  So are people helpless without the market?
2. If financial planners ingnore the unknown (market fluctuations) as you say, wouldn’t that be setting people up for failure?  There must be a better way, right?  Or is praying for no fluctuations the way to succeed?
PS – if i’m bothering you let me know and I’ll go away.
B Simple
You make a great point why you should do it and how it benefits you.  But the key is showing people how to do early so they can benefit from compounding.  The easiest and simplest way to do it is through a retirement plan where you are making regular contributions.  If you automate the process, you can really benefit from compounding.
Ray
@EW 1. You are no bother.
Maybe you keep missing the point, I said financial planners, and pretty much everyone in the investment world uses a AVERAGE expected rate of return and often this number is between 6-8% yes so we did have a bad year, but we also have had good years and will have them again. Again forget just one year look back on S&P 500 over the past 20 or 30 years (long term investing) over the past 20 years S&P AVERAGED over 10% with an annualized return of over 8% and in the past 30 years AVERAGED 12% with an annualized return of 11%. These include 3 bear markets and including the tech bubble and the recent bear market. So even though people lost 40% or more in each of those bear markets the market still returned an AVERAGE of over 8%.
Canadian Capitalist
Thanks for the mention. As I noted in my post, calculations such as thing almost always overstate the effect of compounding because inflation is also compounding and working against the investor.
I would never advocate not saving early. However, IMO, it also makes sense, perhaps more so, to pay down all debt first. People start out their financial lives under massive amounts of debt — mortgage debt, student loans etc. Paying this down provides a high, guaranteed, after-tax rate of return — often times, better than what stocks can provide.
Evolution of Wealth
I understand what you are saying about averages.  You are right about averages.  My question is are averages the best way to do financial planning?  Are they accurate for future growth?  Or are you setting people up for financial failure?
In a lot larger scheme, can you use this simple math on/with money.  My opinion/point/face (whichever you choose to call it) is that you can’t.  That math is not money.  I wrote a post in July about it here: http://evolutionofwealth.com/2009/07/29/money-is-not-math/
I use your average annual rates of return over 20 years and it fails at predicting actual values in accounts.  I look forward to hearing your thoughts/criticisms.
PS – I hope you are enjoying this conversation as much as I am.
Retirement Savior
I would say that the average 401k (allocated 60% stocks/ 40% bonds) probably lost around 25% in 2008.  And while the average US annual return captured the US moving from an emerging market to the most powerful nation on earth, it did also capture the Great Depression, the 70′s bear market and the tech crash, and still provided 10% returns.
A portfolio allocated between the major asset classes and rebalanced periodically, should still provide a reasonable rate of return over every 30-40 year period.  And that is not even taking into account active strategies.
