Edit Discuss History
Compounding interest is one of those mathematical mysteries that we tend to take for granted. We all hope through diligent savings over the course of many years, compounding interest will continue to do its thing behind the scenes, doubling, tripling and sometimes even quadrupling our money over an investing lifetime. Most adults do not fully appreciate its power and chose to ignore the benefits of making compounding interest an ally at an early age. If grown adults do not fully understand the inner-workings of compound interest, imagine trying to explain it to your kids. Their understanding of it is not really solidified for them until they see it in action.
Pennies Method
1
Give them a plastic bag with a handful of pennies and tell them that over the course of a week, you want them to give you a penny a day.
2
For the next seven days, be their personal banker. Deposit the penny in "The Bank of Dad" (or the name of your choice) and compound interest begins to accrue the day they deposited the penny. The "bank" can be just an old plastic film container with a lid.
3
Give them a “receipt” for their deposit and explain that they need to keep up with the receipts to see how much money they have added to their account.
4
Add interest. Every other day, deposit an additional penny. Alternatively, you can match them penny for penny, but you don't want to set the unreal expectation that it is easy to double your money in a short time.
5
At the end of the week, have them check their balance at the "ATM" (Automated Tell-me-how-much-money-my-dad-has-for-me Machine). Gather receipts and confirm they have deposited seven pennies in “The Bank of Dad.” Then open the old film container and count out its contents - all eleven pennies. Explain that the original seven pennies have grown to eleven pennies because every couple days the bank paid a penny for letting them use his or her money - that’s interest.
Dollar Method
1
Put a dollar in a jar in a prominent place. Have the kid guess how much money will be in the jar if you add 50% (half) of the amount that's in the jar, every day.
2
The next day, add 50 cents to the jar. This is 50% interest.
3
On the third day, add 75 cents to the jar (50% of the amount in the jar, $1.50).
4
On the fourth day, add $1.13 (50% of $2.25).
5
On the fifth day, add $1.69 (50% of $3.38).
6
On the sixth day, add $2.54 (50% of $5.07).
7
On the seventh day, add $3.81 (50% of $7.61). There is now a grand total of $11.42! How does that compare to the initial guess?
