Post a comment
Most people don't take the time to compound their interest when they do napkin calculations. If you look at earning three percent interest for ten years on one hundred dollars most people would say you would gain thirty dollars. This would be correct if the interest only accrues at the end of the full ten year term. Generally interest accrues more quickly (especially if it's for money that you owe) Interest can accrue at the end of the year, or at the end of the month, or basically whenever your financial institution says it will. This is something you should definitely pay attention to when depositing or borrowing money, as it can make a fairly large difference in the final figures.
Now, if we take that first example of one hundred dollars invested at three percent for ten years, would begin by saying that it compounds yearly. So the first calculation we would do is $100*1.03. This gives us one hundred and three dollars at the end of the first year. So the second year would be $103*1.03=$106.09. This compounding would continue and at the end of year ten would leave us with One hundred and thirty for dollars and forty cents. I realize this doesn't seem to be a great distance away from the one hundred and thirty dollars we originally calculated, but most people invest much more than one hundred dollars for a much longer period of time.
If you are still unimpressed, realize that the compounding increases its usefulness over time. Here is a chart continuing our hundred dollar example out to year 30. (See Figure 1)
As you can see by year 24 our initial investment has doubled with compounded interest, but without compounding it won't double until year 34, at which point our compounded figures would be near tripling. This is a substantial difference by any standards. One rule that has arisen based on compound interest is called the doubling rule. If you want to know how ling it will take for your investment to double (if it is compounded annually) you would take 70/I where I is your interest rate. In our example we have three percent interest so it would be 70/3=which equals about 23 and a half years. This is exactly what we see by writing out or calculations, and it works pretty well no matter the amount or the interest earned.
Published by James Colbert
A Bachelors Degree in Finance and an MBA with a concentration in Finance. I also have many years in the banking industry in various levels of retail bank management as well as experience in workflow software...   View profile
