 
Compound Interest
Compound interest is the payment of interest on both principal as well past accrued interest. The opposite of compound interest is simple interest .
 
Compound interest arises when interest is added to the principal, so that from that moment on, the interest that has been added also itself earns interest. This addition of interest to the principal is called compounding.
compound interest
Interest on interest . For example, if $1,000 is deposited in an account earning interest of 6% per year the account will earn $60 in the first year. In year two the account balance will earn $63.
Compound interest
Interest payments can be added to the principal. This means higher interest in the next period for which interest is paid.
Compound Interest
Also known as the value of money over time, this is interest that is earned not only on the initial capital, but also on interest that has accrued over time.
Learn about compensation planning tools ...
Compound Interest
Interest earned on an investment that is added to the original amount of the investment.
Compound interest
Interest paid on previouslyearned interest as well as on the principal.
Time and the power of compound interest are on your side.
So if you're in you twenties, do whatever you have to scrape together that IRA contribution. Every day you procrastinate is another day your money is not working for you.
Compound interest is when the interest from a loan is added to the initial amount causing ever higher levels of interest to be charged. The principles of compound interest can also be applied to saving s ...
COMPOUND INTEREST PRINCIPLE - is where the interest is computed on principal plus interest earned in pr...
COMPOUND INTEREST PRINCIPLES - Interest computed on principal plus interest earned in previous periods.
Compound Interest
Part of the beauty of investing is the miracle of compound interest.
Ben Franklin called it the "eighth wonder of the world". It doesn't take a genius like Ben Franklin to see why.
compound interest Any of several methods of crediting interest in which interest is earned on interest.
Compound Interest Principles
Interest computed on principal plus interest earned in previous periods.
Compound interest
In, for example, a deposit account , this is where interest is added to both capital and the accrued interest from time to time. The longer a customer leaves an investment the more advantage they can make of compound interest. E.
Compound Interest: Interest that accrues when earnings for a specific period are added to principal; thus interest for the following period is computed on the principal plus accumulated interest.
Compound Interest - interest added to the principal and itself begins to earn interest.
Concession - something yielded or conceded in negotiating a transaction.
Compound interest: Interest earned on both the principal amount and any interest earned previously and reinvested. Because of the 'compounding' effect, money grows much faster when income from an investment is reinvested.
Compound Interest
Interest that is calculated not only on the principal balance in the account, but also on the accumulated interest. The more frequently interest is compounded, the higher the effective yield .
Compound Interest:
The total return produced by having interest and the reinvestment of interest added to the capital amount outstanding.
...
Compound Interest
Interest paid on the original principal balance and on the accrued and unpaid interest that has accumulated as the debt matures until the time it becomes due.
Compound Interest: The total return produced by investment capital and the reinvestment of earned interest.
Compound Interest: Compound interest is interest paid on original principal and also on the accrued and unpaid interest that has accumulated.
Compound interest:  Interest calculated not only on the original principal (def. 3) that was saved but also on the interest earned earlier and left in the account.
Compound Interest. Interest earned on the initial investment as well as in interest previously earned. Interest may be compounded daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually for compounding purposes.
COMPOUND INTEREST:  The process by which money earns interest on both the principal and the accumulated interest.
Compound interest - interest that is paid on both the accumulated interest as well as on the original principal.
Compound Interest Interest earned on principal plus interest that was earned earlier. If $100 is deposited in a bank account at 10%, the depositor will be credited with $110 at the end of the first year and $121 at the end of the second year.
Compound Interest
Compound interest is the interest that is 'compounded' on a sum of money that is deposited for a long time.
Compound interest
If a deposit account of $100 earns an INTEREST RATE of 10% a year, then at the end of the year the account will contain $110.
compound interest: A method of calculating interest, which allows interest payments to be added to the principal to accelerate capital growth .
Compound interest:
The interest rate on a loan calculated not only on the original principal of the loan but also on the accrued interest (i.e. interest accrued on previous due interest added to the principal).
Compound interest - Apply interest on the capital plus all interest accrued to date. Eg.
Compound interest
Comptroller of the Currency ...
Compound interest
When the interest you earn on an investment is added to form the new base on which future interest accumulates, it is compound interest. For example, say you earn 5% compound interest on $100 every year for five years.
Compound interest is interest on interest . The more frequent the compounding, the higher the interest.
Interest earned or paid for 1 year on $10,000 at a 6% nominal rate
Compounding ...
Compound Interest
A method of interest calculation where, in each period, interest is calculated on both the principal and interest previously accrued. Henry Ford once said that compound interest was `the eighth wonder of the world'.
Compound Interest
Interest that is calculated by adding the interest earned in the current period to the principal and figuring the next period's interest on this "compounded" total amount.
Compound interest effect
Earning interest on interest , i.e. further increasing the value of an investment by reinvesting the income from it, which in turn generates income because it has not been distributed.
Convertible bond ...
Compound Interest: Interest credited daily, monthly, quarterly, semiannually, or annually on both principal and interest already credited.
Compound Interest: Interest resulting from the periodic addition of simple interest to principal; the sum then serves as the principal for the computation of interest owed during the following period.
COMPOUND INTEREST: Interest that's added to a principal at regular intervals such that each subsequent interest calculation is based on the original principal and the added interest.
Compound interest is often called the eighth wonder of the world, because it seems to possess magical powers, like turning a penny into $5 million.
compound interest conversion for bond comparison the interest rate on a Treasury bill, commercial paper, or discount note, usually quoted as simple interest , converted to compound interest in order to compare it with the interest on a bond.
Compound interest is the process of adding interest to the initial amount of an investment, and from then on earning further interest on this new amount.
Compound interest in the method used to calculate the returns. In the example the amounts invested, as are follows:
Year 1 US$ 1000
It is assumed that profits or interest are reinvested.
Compound Interest
Conversion Franchise ...
compound interest
rate that is applicable when interest in subsequent periods is earned not only on the original principal but also on the accumulated interest of prior periods.
Compound interest
Interest earned periodically that is added to the borrowed principal. The interest is calculated both on the borrowed principal and on the accumulated interest.
COMPOUND INTEREST
The method of computing interest on a principle sum where the interest rate is applied to the original principle and any accumulated interest. Also see simple interest and Simple vs. Compound Interest.
COMPREHENSIVE INSURANCE ...
Compound interest or other reinvestment of cash returns (such as interest and dividends) does not affect the discount rate of an investment, but it does affect the Annual Percentage Yield , ...
Compound InterestExpand/Collapse
Interest earned on an investment at periodic intervals and added to the original amount of the investment.
COMPOUND INTEREST
The starting point for understanding the time value of money is to develop an appreciation for compound interest. Albert Einstein is quoted as saying: 'The most powerful force in the universe is compound interest.
Compound interest is a method of calculating interest wherein the interest is calculated on both the principal of the loan and on any previously accrued interest that has not been distributed or paid.
Compound journal entry ...
The Wonders of Compound Interest and Returns
Albert Einstein said that the most powerful force in the universe is compound interest.
Consider if you will, the following fundamental truths about compound interest and compound growth: ...
Effective annual yield Annualized interest rate on a security computed using compound interest techniques. Effective call price The strike price in a market redemption provision plus the accrued interest to the redemption date.
Related: compound interest. Simple linear regression A regression analysis between only two variables, one dependent and the other explanatory.
Unlike compound interest, the annual interest is not added to the ca...(Read more)
Simple Reversion ary Bonus
A with profits life assurance bonus, normally declared annually, which is based on the profits of the life companys investments.
See: compound interest. Interest-only strip (IO) A security based solely on the interest payments form a pool of mortgages, Treasury bonds , or other bonds.
Most money market account s compound interest daily and pay it monthly. The interest paid is based on the number of shares in the money market account you own. You can either take the interest payment as profit or reinvest it.
Most savings account s pay compound interest, which means that your earnings are added to the balance to create a larger base on which future interest is paid.
