 
Compound Interest
Compound interest is a way of  accumulating interest on principle.  When  money is borrowed, the borrower is usually required to pay the supplier of the  funds a rate of interest until the principle has been repaid.  This is a simply concept to understand, but  can have many complex ramifications, depending on how the interest is being  calculated. Compounding interest refers  to way in which interest is calculated in subsequent periods.  When interest is charged for a period of time  that the money is borrowed, such as a year, this interest is then added to the  original principle, and the interest for the next year is charged on the new,  larger principle amount.
Example:  Borrow $1000 for two years, at 10% interest  compounded annually (at the end of each year).   At the end of the first year, interest of $100 is charged and added to  the original $1000, increasing the principle to $1100 ($1000 + $100).  At the end of the second year, the interest  charged is $110 (10% of $1100).  This  increases the total principle to $1210 ($110 + $1100).  If this continues, then the amount of  interest charged every year will increase at an exponential rate.
The frequency of compounding  refers to how often the interest charged is compounded.  As the frequency of compounding the interest  is increased, so is the actual amount of interest charged.  This is because the amount of time that the  interest is charged against the increased principle increases, since the  interest is added to the principle quicker.   To calculate compound interest, the interest rate is divided by the  amount of compounding periods in a year, and this portion of the interest rate  is applied at each compounding interval
Example:  Borrow $1000 for two years, at 10% interest  compounded semi-annually (twice a year).   At the end of 6 months, interest of $55 is charged and added to the  original $1000, increasing the principle to $1050 ($1000 + $50).  At the end of the first year, the interest  charged is $52.50 (5% of $1050).  This  amount is added to the principle, increasing it to $1102.50 ($52.50 +  $1050).  By continuing this for each  compounding period, at the end of two years, the principle amount is now  $1215.51.  This amount is greater than  the $1210 accumulated from compounding the interest annually at the same annual  interest rate.
As you can see increasing the  frequency of compounding will have the effect of increasing the effective rate  of interest paid on the loan, and therefore the amount of interest actually  paid.  When making financial decisions,  it is important to understand the rate of interest charged, as well as the  compounding, as these can create large differences over long periods of  time. 
Governments often require  financial institutions to disclose this information directly to its  customers.  Often you will see a specific  rate of interest declared as the effective annual rate (EAR), or the annual  percentage rate (APR), or some derivative of the term.  A 12% annual percentage rate that is  compounded monthly, will have an APR of 12.6825%, a higher amount than the rate  of interest that is actually charged to the principle at each compounding  frequency.
Performing the compound  interest calculations is simple when only compounded a few times, but to  determine the value of an amount 30 years in the future which compounds monthly  would be exceedingly tedious.   Fortunately, we can use a compound interest formula, or a compound  interest calculator to perform the compound interest calculations for us.
It is important to  differentiate compound interest from simple interest.  Simple interest is interest that is charged  on a principle amount, like compound interest.   The difference is that once simple interest is charged, it is not added  to the principle to be charged further interest.  Many bonds work this way.  Interest charged on a bond is often paid as  cash, and can only be compounded if the investor who receives the cash payment  of the interest finds another investment to invest in.
When compound interest is  charged to principle, on the compounding frequency, the rate applied to the  principle is called the period rate, or periodic rate of interest.  To determine the period interest rate, simply  take the annual rate of interest, and divide it by the number of compounding  frequencies in a year.  If 12% interest  is compounded quarterly (4 times a year), then the period interest rate is 3%  (12%/4). 
In order to compare the cost of one  financial product to another, it is important to use the effective annual  rate.  This will neutralize the  difference that compounding frequency will have on the borrowed funds, and  provide an apples to apples comparison of cost to the borrower.  Using a powerful loan calculator or mortgage  calculator such as the ones provided in this site will help borrowers to  understand the actual cost of interest.
The compound interest calculator above on  this page will provide you with the answer to many compounding interest  calculations.  Each variable of the  formula is isolated, and defined.  Each  compounding interest formula is also provided.   When using the compound interest calculator it is important to remember  to use the period interest rate, which can differ from the annual interest  rate.  Divide the annual interest rate by  the number of compounding periods in a year to determine the period interest  rate.  You must also input the number of  periods that interest will be compounded for.   If monthly interest is calculated for 3 years, then compound interest  will need to be calculated for 36 periods, at the period interest rate.
Compound interest is also used to  determine the net present value of a financial asset from a different period of  time.  The calculator above serves as a  net present value calculator.  For  instance, if a $1000 is to be the value of something 10 years from now, and the  interest rate is 6%.  Then it is possible  to determine the net present value of this item by using the present value  calculator above.  The net present value  will be $558.39. 
Net present value is an important concept  to understand.  This is due to the time  value of money.  When offered the choice  between equal amounts of money, say $1000, at different points in time,  immediately or 10 years from now, the amount of money today has more value than  the same amount in the future, and so it will always be chosen.  In order to accept the money in the future,  we need to be compensated for waiting, and the amount must be increased.  Once we understand that there is a value to  the time we have access to money, we can determine the present value of amounts  in the future. 
The longer we have to wait for an amount  in the future, the greater the amount that we need to be compensated.  When calculating present value of money in  the future, we use the compound interest calculation.  This is used because it best represents the  value and use we have for money, and the cost to us if we do not have access to  it.  We can think of the rate charged for  the use of money over time as the price of money.
The concept of time value of money can be  applied to many various forms, such as annuities, perpetuities, loans,  investments, etc.  When calculating  present value of a single amount, we the present value formula is the same as  the compound interest formula.  Therefore,  the present value calculator is the same as the compound interest calculator  above.  By understanding the concept of  present value calculation, we can determine an interest rate that can be used  to compare against other uses of money, such as loans and investments.  This way we can make qualified decisions  about which financial option is best to serve our purposes.
HTML Comment Box is loading comments...
    
