Cooties / Don’t Break The Ice
Talkboy
Easy Bake Oven
My parents didn’t make a lot of money growing up, so I feel pretty fortunate looking back at the times when they’d spend $30-$50 on a birthday or at Christmas.  Add that up for five kids, and you’re spending a lot of money.
I could go on and on about the calculations of compound interest and how that $120 we spent on the SEGA Genesis would have grown to be over $8,000 if we bought Apple stock at $4.50 a share, but good luck telling a 10 year old he should buy a stock certificate instead of Sonic the Hedgehog.  Kids don’t realize the power of compounding when they’re 10 and most don’t figure it out until they’re 30 or 40!
Although I don’t have kids today, I thought, “How can I show my kids the impact of compounding one day?”   Here’s my thought…let me know what you think of it.
Create a “Compounding-lesson” Fund
What if you spent $75 on your kid for their birthday, but put aside $75 each year into a savings account.  Do the same for Christmas and you’ll be saving $150 each year in the ‘compounding-lesson’ fund?  That’s $12.50 a month – not a bad investment into your kid’s financial future.
Let’s say you did this for 18 years without changing the amount of the gift.  At a conservative average rate of 5%, the funds grew to be over $6,000.  With $6,000 today, your kid could open an IRA and max it out with money left over. (Assuming they had enough earned income for the year.)
How’s that shape someone’s view on compounding?  I sure didn’t save my birthday money, but if my parents pulled out $6,000 today and told me that they had been saving $150 every year, I’d be pretty impressed with how it grew into so much.  Being the financial geek that I am, the idea of a two-year IRA max challenge would be interesting.  Each year that my child maxes out their IRA, I’d give them half back – essentially matching their contribution.  If you do this for two years with funds from the ‘compounding-lesson’ fund, they could have over $10,000 saved in an IRA by the time they’re 20.  Even if they didn’t contribute another dime to the account, simple compounding at an overly conservative 5% for 40 years would grow to almost $250,000.  I think the key is getting your child to have a stake in the game, and with a little incentive to save in an IRA, they’re starting on a great path to savings.
Sounds like a pretty cool idea to me…what are your thoughts?
Tweet
Did You Like This Article?
If so, consider joining over 1,500 people who are learning how to make more money in our free 10-day Financial Freedom eCourse. PLUS get a FREE COPY of the eBook, How To Coupon! Just enter your name and email below:
Article by Tim
Tim loves playing the saxophone, talking about businesses, reading economics books, watching movies with his beautiful wife, and honoring God with his finances.
Tim has written 379 articles for  Faith and Finance Read more in the archives.
Subscribe to feed via RSS or EMAIL to receive updates.
{ 5 comments… read them below or add one }
Candiss June 29, 2011
Thanks for the info!  We have savings accounts for both of our kids and put money in every year for their birthdays, but I have wanted to do more!  I will have to look into a IRA for them! I would like to take their $100 a year and turn it into a nice chunk of cash when they go off to college or want a car!
Now, what do you think about saving for college?
Tim June 29, 2011
Hey Candiss
Putting money into savings for your kids is great!  They can open an IRA once they start to earn money, so until they have a job, I’d put that money in a savings account or in mutual funds if you have an after-tax investment account (like at Scottrade or Fidelity).
In terms of saving for college, I would make sure your retirement savings is on track first
You can borrow for school…but you can’t borrow for retirement.  If you’re saving a nice sum in your retirement account, then I’d look into a college 529 plan to put extra saving.  For Indiana, I found this fact: Indiana taxpayers are eligible for a state income tax credit of 20% of contributions to their CollegeChoice 529 account, up to $1,000 credit per year. Not bad!!
Check out more info here: https://collegechoicedirect.s.upromise.com/content/featuresbenefits.html (College Choice 529 – Indiana)
