Print this article
History
Compound interest has been around since the ancient Roman law. However, Roman law condemned the used of compound interest because it was usury. The Koran also condemns the use of compound interest -- "Oh you who believe, you shall not take riba, compounded over and over. Observe God, that you may succeed." In 1613, Richard Witt published a book entitled Arithmetical Questions. Witt made the compound interest the main focus of the book. He offered tables that showed how much a person could earn through compound interest based on a 10 percent rate of interest. As such, this became the premier book on compound interest and created a greater interest in this method of investing.
Benefits
The main benefit of compound interest is that your money grows faster than it would under normal investing procedures. As your principal grows, the amount of money gathering interest grows, too. Compound interest also makes investing more attractive because people are more likely to invest their money and leave it alone when it is gaining compound interest.
Significance
When looking at the significance of compound interest, you can find some startling statistics. Wikipedia, for example, discusses how much money the Native American tribe would have today had they invested the money they received for Manhattan in 1626 in a compound interest bearing account. At a mere 6.5 percent compounded annually, the tribe would have had about $1 trillion by 2005. If they invested the money in a normal interest bearing account at a six percent interest rate, they would only have 1/7 of that. While 400 years of waiting for an investment seems extreme, shorter terms are just as impressive. Investing $1000 for three years at five percent compound interest yields a principal of more than $1157. That's not bad considering you don't have to do anything to earn that money other than leave your investment alone.
Time Frame
The most common time frame for compounding interest is annually. That means the interest you've earned over the period of a year is added to your principal and that new figure becomes your principal. As a result, your interest works for you. You may also find some accounts that compound interest monthly or bi-annually, but these accounts are less common than the annual compounded interest rates.
Considerations
The main thing to consider when you have a principal gaining compound interest is to leave the money alone. People are often tempted to take the money they've earned in interest and blow it or use it for something unnecessary. Your principal will never grow that way. Many compound interest accounts are designed to provide savings for people as they grow older. Depending on how much you have invested, you could build up hundreds of thousands of dollars or even millions of dollars by the time you retire.
Related Searches:
