The ability of an asset to generate earnings, which are then reinvested in order to generate their own earnings. In other words, compounding refers to generating earnings from previous earnings. 
Also known as "compound interest".
Investopedia Says:
Suppose you invest $10,000 into Cory's Tequila Company (ticker: CTC). The first year, the shares rises 20%. Your investment is now worth $12,000. Based on good performance, you hold the stock. In Year 2, the shares appreciate another 20%. Therefore, your $12,000 grows to $14,400. Rather than your shares appreciating an additional $2,000 (20%) like they did in the first year, they appreciate an additional $400, because the $2,000 you gained in the first year grew by 20% too. If you extrapolate the process out, the numbers can start to get very big as your previous earnings start to provide returns. In fact, $10,000 invested at 20% annually for 25 years would grow to nearly $1,000,000 (and that's without adding any money to the investment)!
The power of compounding was said to be deemed the eighth wonder of the world - or so the story goes - by Albert Einstein. 
Related Links:
Understanding how money is made and lost over time can help you improve your returns. Overcoming Compounding's Dark Side
Hetty Green was the richest woman of her time and possibly the first value investor, yet she's not remembered kindly. Hetty Green: The Witch Of Wall Street
No more excuses. Make sure you are financially secure and independent for your golden years. Top 4 Reasons To Save For Retirement Now
Becoming a millionaire is not as hard as you might think - it just takes time. 6 Simple Steps To $1 Million
Rid yourself of anxiety with this worry-free investing guide. Invest Without Stress
Find out why time really is money by learning to calculate present and future value. Understanding The Time Value Of Money
The effects of compounding make it cheaper over the long term to save for retirement. Delay In Retirement Savings Costs More In The Long Run
Do want to invest, but don't know how to begin? We'll show you the building blocks you need to get started. Investing 101: A Tutorial For Beginner Investors
The CAGR is a good and valuable tool to evaluate investment options, but it does not tell the whole story. Compound Annual Growth Rate: What You Should Know
Half of Americans lose their nest eggs when they switch careers. Learn why you should avoid this trap. Transfer Retirement Savings When You Change Jobs
Don't get forced into action. Learn how to plan properly to avoid making rash decisions. Reinvesting Capital Gains In Leveraged Portfolios
Paying these rates can impact your disposable income and your investment returns. Understanding Credit Card Interest
We give you seven guidelines to help you keep more of your money in your pocket. Tax Tips For The Individual Investor
Debt is one of the biggest obstacles that prevents people from investing - but it shouldn't be. How To Invest When You're Deep In Debt
categories related to 'compound interest'
Top
For a list of words related to compound interest, see:
Banking and Financial Services - compound interest: interest calculated on total of principal plus accrued interest
Best of Web:
