    8.3287068%
  $2,225.54
Table 2. Future values and effective interest rates, as compounding frequency increases. The increases, for a deposit of $1,000 paying a nominal interest rate of 8.0%example deposit (investment) is made with an 8.0% nominal rate. 
Effective interest as illustrated here is called, variously: Effective interest rate, Annual effective rate (AER), and Annual equivalent rate (also AER). When the rate is calculated for an interest paying investment, such as a bank certificate of deposit (CD), the terms Annual effective yield or Effective annual yield may be used for the same calculation. (This usage of "yield" should not be confused with the different calculation used in evaluating bond investments, also called Yield or Yield to maturity. For more on these latter terms in the context of bond investments, see the encyclopedia entry bond .)
The effective Interest rate is also at the center of the interest rate term Annual percentage rate, or APR.  Annual percentage rate—as the term is used in most countries—often has a legal definition from the government, meant to provide depositors or investors with an accurate measure for comparing expected returns from different potential investments. As usually defined, APR includes the effective interest rate, but also reflects some borrowing costs not related to interest, such as loan origination fees, periodic maintenance fees, and others. (See the entry cost of borrowing for more on the role of borrowing costs besides interest).
In the U.S., the calculation and disclosure of APR is governed by the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) of 1968 (a federal law). In the US, APR as specified by the TILA is the nominal interest rate, adjust to include specific non-interest costs. The TILA does not attempt to regulate rates and costs that may be charged, but rather, addresses disclosure. For mortgages, for instance, The TILA prescribes that lenders must disclose the APR to applicants within 3 days of applying.
APR is defined in U.K. by the Consumer Credit Act of 1974. This law requires that APR be published and prominently visible for all regulated loans. 
The European Union has issued a series of directives over time (e.g., 87/102/CEE and 98/7/EC) requiring member states to move closer to uniformity on the components and calculation of APR, while still allowing some differences between countries. These directives are also intended primarily to regulate disclosure.
In Canada APR (also called Effective interest rate, EIR) must be disclosed for loans, mortgages, and credit card debt, with a calculation that factors in borrowing costs including loan origination fees, account maintenance fees, others.
The Australian Consumer Credit Code (ACCC) of 2003 requires that APR for all consumer loans and credit be stated with a formula that recognizes interest as well as fees (upfront fees, ongoing fees, and exit fees). In Australia this rate is usually called the AAPR (Average annual percentage rate). 
[ Page Top ]    [ Encyclopedia ]     [ Business Case Books & Tools ]     [ Home ]
      Real Interest Rate
The real interest rate concept is an attempt to adjust stated interest rates for loans or investments to compensate for the effect of inflation. Real interest rate is usually defined simply as the nominal interest rate for a loan or investment minus the inflation rate:
Real interest rate = Nominal Interest Rate – Inflation rate
When inflation is running at an annual rate of, say, 2.0% for an economy, a loan or investment with a nominal interest rate of 8.0% can be considered to have a real interest rate of about 6.0%.  When using real interest rates, however, remember (1) that inflation rates can and usually do change somewhat from year to year, and (2) inflation rates differ substantially from country to country.
When the inflation rate is high, interest paid and interest charged tend to tend to be higher and when the inflation rate is low, interest rates are also low. The result is that real interest rates exhibit more stability in changing economies than do the nominal interest rates.
For evaluating historical loans investments, inflation rates can be determined with high confidence. Looking forward in time, however, to evaluate potential real interest rates from investments, the future inflation rates are necessarily estimates that come with uncertainty.
For estimates of inflation rates by country, historical and current, see the country specific economic data, which can be accessed through links on the Solution Matrix Ltd. Economic Data web page . For more on the use of interest rates as economic indicators, or leading indicators, see the encyclopedia entry economic indicator .
  
© Copyright Solution Matrix Ltd and
