What is a Christian Social Network?
With over 350,000 churches in the United States its can be hard to keep track of what Christian resources are in your community.  We find that the best way to meet Christian friends is through a Christian Social Network that provides both rich faith-based content and the ability to meet people to learn about churches and other faith-based organizations near you. PrayerGroup is The Social Network  for Christians.
Christian Social Networking is among the fastest growing segments on the internet, as it allows members to enjoy their faith online through Christian blogs, prayer requests and other faith-based forums. Commonly referred to as the Christian Facebook , Christian Social Networks like PrayerGroup, also allow Members to connect through Christian Chat forums which provide a real-time exchange. PrayerGroup.org is among the fastest growing Christian Social Networks in the world. It's online Christian Community features more than 70,000 churches in the United State making it the largest free online church community in the country. PrayerGroup features include:  Christian Blogs and Christian Articles , Christian Members from over 120 countries, Christian Prayer Requests (International), Christian Chat and Online Bible . Join us today and see what you're missing!
 
Christian Blogs and Christian Articles
Many Christians have found that they can grow and share their faith through daily or weekly blogs. A Christian blog is a short article that allows the writer to share his or her experiences in life with the reader. Frequently, a Christian blog can discuss topics such as the bible, bible verses or other traditional religious topics or it can be a casual discussion about Christian life including family, friends or other topics.
There are thousands of individual Christian blogs on the internet but there are very few places where people can view Christian blogs from a variety of different writers. PrayerGroup’s Christian blog section allows its Members to read blogs from people all over the world. Many blogs are inspirational, others discuss challenges we face in life as Christians. By sharing our works in one Christian community, we are able to see different viewpoints, follow certain writers or make new friends through a connection we make in either reading or writing a Christian blog . Often referred to as the Christian Facebook , PrayerGroup provides rich socially responsible content that goes well beyond traditional social networks.
Come join us in sharing your faith through your own Christian blog . Share with others on PrayerGroup, Facebook or Twitter all at one time with a simple click. PrayerGroup’s Word Press application even allows existing Christian blog sites to share your external blogs on your PrayerGroup profile page.
To visit PrayerGroup’s Christian Blog forum, logon here.
 
How to Pray - Finding Your Voice With God
Each afternoon, you probably talk about your day with your family or friends, reviewing the highlights and perhaps discussing problems you faced that day. Daily prayer is reviewing your day with God. It is how we count our blessings for what went well or seek guidance when we need it. Prayer is an intimate conversation, where you can say anything with the understanding that forgiveness and grace can be yours.There are many types of prayer . There are words of praise for God's magnificence, prayers expressing gratitude for your blessings or simple humble requests of God when you or another is in need. Prayer  is simply a conversation with God and like all relationships, the more we communicate, the closer we become with the Lord.The way you communicate with God, need not be like anyone else. Some pray through meditation (or complete silence), while others speak out loud. Prayer often takes practice before you find your "voice" with God and you begin to feel comfortable with the relationship you are building with him. 
 
Christian Prayer Requests - Think Prayer at www.thinkprayer.com
The term prayer group refers to a small group of people that come together to pray for those in need. Fellowships around the world do this while recognizing that collective prayer is both powerful and healing.
Today, through social media, we are able to connect Christian from different countries and cultures instantly. Through an international prayer request forum, PrayerGroup is able to provide a means for Christians to post prayer requests worldwide and receive immediate responses as others pray for them in kindness.
With over 91 countries represented in PrayerGroup, our international prayer request forum is a place where friendships are immediately developed through the simple act of prayer. We are also able to bring Christians together to pray for a common cause that may be affecting our world.
In addition to the international prayer request forum, PrayerGroup’s Christian Community allows members to pray in real-time through its Christian Chat feature. Here, you will find many Members who come together to pray or discuss the faith and develop new friendships.
To visit PrayerGroup’s international prayer request forum, please login.
 
Christian Chat
One of the most powerful ways to share God’s word is through your own communication with friends, family, and others. Sharing the gospel by word-of-mouth has been instrumental to sharing the faith for centuries.
Today, our technology allows us to share in ways that fit our times. Email, social media and   christian chat are all relatively new ways Christians can both share and learn from others. The Christian Chat feature on PrayerGroup allows Members to meet new people from around the world. Whether your discussion is about faith or simply a casual conversation about life, Christian Chat provides a new technology for groups and individuals to connect in a new way. Many groups use the Christian Chat feature to pray in real time or for bible study.  
Try our Christian Chat feature on PrayerGroup and see how many new friends you can make in over 91 countries.
To visit PrayerGroup’s Christian Chat forum, please login.
 
Online Bible
PrayerGroup is one of the few Christian Social Networks offering a full version of the King James Version bible in both digital .pdf and ebook formats. Our online bible in .pdf format is indexed by chapters allowing readers the ability to quickly find chapter and verse. In addition, the digital bible  is also fully searchable, and allows the user to type any word in the search parameters. Since the text of the bible is fully recognized, you may also highlight, copy and paste portions of the bible text for use in online posts or for sharing in bible study.
 
In addition, PrayerGroup also offers an ebook bible for those who prefer the feeling of a digital bible but with the look and page turn of a transitional text. Our ebook bible is also searchable when viewed in full page format.
 
You can visit our bible online at:  http://www.prayergroup.org/group/prayergroupbible
 
Looking for a Christian Partner?
The Christian dating scene has changed considerably over the last decade. There seems to be a Christian dating site everywhere you look. There are surveys to fill out, matching algorythms and all these other formulas used by dating sites to find the "perfect" match. But what ever happened to the concept of just simply meeting someone and learning about them through conversation?
 
PrayerGroup is a Christian Social Network that operates in over 120 countries including the United States, Canada,  Philippines and India. We are not a typical dating site. We are here so you can find people you would have never met otherwise. They may be just around the corner, or in another country. The fact is, that you can meet anyone here if just say hello. We are free, we are Christian and our social network allows you to simply meet other people, enjoy their company and discuss whatever the two you might have in common. If this sounds simple, that becuase it is. This is how dating has worked for centuries. No forms, no surveys, no complicated algorythms...
 
You can find Christians who are single by using our advanced search tool in the members tab. While you're at it, come enjoy our christian music, christian blogs, chat with others in real-time or spend some quite time in our ebible forum.
 
PrayerGoup is the place "Where Christian's Come Together." We wish you all the best in finding new friendships and love.
 
Watch Christian Videos and Share Christian Videos
PrayerGroup.org offers a video sharing platform providing online Christian videos with faith-based, family friendly content. Popular video PrayerGroup videos include Christian bands and singers in Christian music videos, spiritual or inspirational christian videos, funny or comedy faith-based videos and many others. Unlike other video sharing platforms, PrayerGroup is more than a place to simply watch videos. We have a robust Christian Community  who not only enjoys the videos but can discuss them and share in the message they bring to Christians around the world.  Visit our video sharing page or join PrayerGroup Christian Social Network  to enjoy all the features we offer including oiur prayer request wall, christian music sharing, christian blogs and christian groups.
 
PrayerGroup is reaching out to Christian's Across the World
We understand that in many parts of the world, access to the Christian faith and the word of the Lord can be difficult. PrayerGroup currently operates in over 120 countries worldwide to bring our Christian Community directly to the homes of millions. By connecting people from different cultures, churches and backgrounds, we share with eachother diverse experiences in both faith and Christian life. While we are a community of many ethnic backgrounds, we are ultimely one people serving the Lord. Here are just a few of the countries we serve:
 
United States Christian Community            India Christian Community              Ireland Christian Community               Malaysia Christian Community  
United Kingdom Christian Community         Pakistan Christian Community          Germany Christian Community           Singapore Christian Community  
Canada Christian Community                    South Africa Christian Community    Saudi Arabia Christian Community      Hong Kong Christian Community  
Philippines Christian Community                Nigeria Christian Community            Switzerland Christian Community        Kuwait Christian Community  
Sweden Christian Community                   Australia Christian Community          Netherlands Christian Community        Denmark Christian Community  
Spain Christian Community                       Mexico Christian Community            New Zealand Christian Community       Israel Christian Community  
Japan Christian Community                       Italy Christian Community                Russia Christian Community               Egypt Christian Community   
