Chapter XIV. The Diocese of Bombay, 1837
Bishops.
1. Thomas Carr, consecrated 1837; resigned 1851.
2. John Harding, consecrated 1851; resigned 1868; died 1874.
3. Henry Alexander Douglas, consecrated 1868; died 1876.
4. Louis George Mylne, consecrated 1876; resigned 1898.
5. James Macarthur, consecrated 1898; resigned 1903.
6. Walter Ruthven Pym, consecrated Bishop of Mauritius 1893;     transferred 1903; died 1908.
7. Edwin James Palmer, consecrated 1908.
Books of Reference.--Rev. E. E. Hill's History of the Chaplains'     Department in Western India; Father Elwin's Thirty-four Years     in Poona City; Father Elwin's Thirty-nine Years in Bombay; Father     Elwin's India and the Indians; Digest of S.P.G.; Eugene Stock's     History of the Church Missionary Society.
OUR knowledge of the early history of the Bombay Diocese is   unfortunately very limited. In a little book called The Chaplains'   Department in Western India, the Rev. E. E. Hill has told   us just enough to make it clear that Bombay needs some one who   has plenty of time and the necessary gifts to work up its old   records. It is to be regretted, too, that no memoirs were ever   written of any of the first six Bishops of Bombay. A glimpse   of the diary of Bishop Douglas certainly makes one wish that   some memoir had been written of him.
One welcomes, therefore, all the more the delightful description   of the Diocese of Bombay as it now is, which the present Bishop   has given us.
"Coming from England you arrive at Bombay, a city of   very nearly a million inhabitants crowded on an island; its harbour   rivalling in beauty the Bay of Naples, its atmosphere resembling   the fern house in Kew Gardens, its factories pouring smoke over   the whole, reminding one of Manchester. The problems of the industrial   revolution repeat themselves in Bombay, and its lessons are very   little heeded. Tides of unskilled labour flow into the city from   the uplands and the lowlands and ebb back to their ancestral   fields. The men and women of the Deccan uplands perish by hundreds   from the unaccustomed climate and insanitary conditions of Bombay.   Many of our Christians from the Deccan come here for work in   ordinary times--very huge numbers in famine times--and the difficult   duty devolves on our Clergy and other workers of finding these   poor people and keeping them from harm and temptation. The factories   and mills are many of them under English superintendence, mainly   from Lancashire. Then the banks and mercantile houses bring many   Scotsmen and Englishmen into Bombay. The ocean-going steamers   bring sailors to the port. The British Army is represented in   the garrison. British Administration is represented in the Headquarters   of the Government and in the High Court. Go to the centre of   the town, and you will find the resident Anglo-Indian population,   filling honourably subordinate posts or struggling with poverty   in slums more sordid than those of London. Then imagine the great   Indian population of every creed and caste, and the foreign colonies   of Japanese, Chinese, Africans, Arabs, and Mesopotamian Jews.   Surely a unique city.
"Now take a train, travel a little over one hundred miles,   ascending two thousand feet to the Deccan plateau. The scene,   the climate, the people, the conditions, are all changed. The   air is dry, the nights cool at any time of the year: the temperature   never above 109°". But this is not the greatest difference.   We have passed into the old India of the village Life, hardly   changed through the centuries, except that the village walls   are crumbling away, for they are unneeded in the British peace.   It is a country of farmers, and it is from this class that the   famous Mahratta troops were drawn which distinguished themselves   as much as any troops in the Great War. Yet it is no fertile   land which they farm. Through the north-east portion of it runs   the strip of country which forms the extreme limit of the influence   of the South-west and of the North-east monsoons, and it is not   infrequently missed by both. This is the cause of the frequent   famines in the Ahmednagar district. The two years, 1920 and 1921,   both brought complete famine to that district, and the next year   was but little better. In this district Christianity has made   great progress, chiefly among the outcastes. Some 8000 of them   belong to our Church. No one who has not seen it can imagine   the effect which is produced upon a class of men by being considered   and treated as lower than beasts for hundreds of years. From   this abysmal darkness in which Hinduism plunged them and kept   them, Christianity is gradually raising them.
"From Poona, the capital of the Bombay Deccan, we travel   south for two or three hundred miles, and reach a softer, more   fertile country, and find in it a quite different race, the Canarese,   a Dravidian stock, akin to the Tamils and Telugus of South India.   In the midst of this country is Hubli, where is the Criminal   Tribes Settlement, which will be mentioned presently.
"The Cantonments of Poona, Kirkee, Ahmednagar, Deolali,   and Belgaum are situated on this Deccan plateau.
"Bombay Presidency is a strategic point in several ways.   Most people know the names of Gokhale, Tilak, and Gandhi. They   were all born in this Presidency, and most of their life's work   was done here. The two first-named belong to a small sub-caste   of Brahmans, the Chitpavans, which can fairly claim to have produced,   in proportion to its numbers, more able men than any other community   in India. Mr. Paranjpye, a former Wrangler, now Minister of Education   in the Bombay Government, belongs to the same community. Mr.   Gandhi belongs by birth to the merchants of Gujerat. Progress   and revolution have their cradles in this Presidency. Mr. Gokhale's   Society, the Servants of India, a company of men who bound themselves   together to educate their contrymen, and never to take more than   the barest subsistence salary, is a standing witness to India   of patriotic self-sacrifice applied to modern conditions. All   this exemplifies the spiritual importance of Bombay.
"But the races which are domiciled here with their variety   and far-reaching connections make another of its claims to consideration.   The main languages are Marathi and Gujerati. The Mahrattas, said   to be originally Scythians, distinguished themselves by the obdurate   and at last successful resistance to the great Mahomedan Emperors,   of which the heroic name was Sivaji, a contemporary of Oliver   Cromwell. In the next century they overran a great part of India   and sacked Delhi. Under the century of British rule which followed   1818, they turned their extraordinary tenacity and perseverance   into a struggle with the poor soil of this often famine-stricken   land. Then in the Great War they emerged as among the best of   all the troops who sailed from India. Last November they gave   the Prince of Wales a cordial and genuine welcome when he laid   the foundation-stone of the Sivaji Memorial at Poona. These slow,   sturdy, persevering farmers are the backbone of the Presidency.   They have a literature of which they may well be proud. English   readers have lately had offered them a taste of that literature   in Dr. McNicol's Hymns of the Maratha Saints. On the other   side is the Gujerati people, rich and prosperous: great traders,   who have penetrated even into East Africa. Their title to fame   is that they have kept alive the reform of Hinduism called Jainism,   while its contemporary and more famous reform, Buddhism, has   been driven out of the country. On the north of the diocese the   Rajput races link us with the languages and the martial spirit   of Northern India. On the south of the diocese the Canarese are   Dravidians, and in language and race are kindred to the Tamils   and Telugus. In Bombay and Southern Gujerat is the Indian home   of the Parsees. All these races are domiciled in the diocese.   As for immigrants, they are innumerable. Thus Bombay is racially   a centre of great importance.
"Yet another point which gives Bombay a central importance   is its trade. This is not in the hands of one community. There   are millionaires among the Parsees, Mahomedans, Hindus, and Jews.   There are great English and Scottish and Greek firms taking part   in it. The large mill area of Bombay raises anew all the problems   of the industrial revolution, intensified by the constant coming   and going of labour from and to the country districts. Gigantic   hydro-electric schemes propose to create large industrial areas   a little south of Bombay in a far more trying climate.
"To whatever side of human life one turns, one finds   the Bombay Presidency making striking contributions to India.   In matters intellectual and spiritual, in the politics whether   of reform or of revolution, industrial progress and industrial   difficulties, it can claim to have the leadership."
When we turn from this description of the Bombay Presidency   and Diocese to its past history, we notice at once how closely   the life of the diocese and that of the Presidency have run side   by side. The first Archdeacon of Bombay was appointed just about   the time when the greater portion of the dominions of the Mahratta   Peshwa passed into the hands of the British. The Bombay Presidency,   as we now have it, reached its present size about the time of   the appointment of the first Bishop of Bombay. Barnes, the first   Archdeacon of Bombay, was a man of great energy and earnestness.   He had been a College friend of Bishop Heber. During his period   no less than five Churches were built at Surat, Thana, Kaira,   Poona, and Baroda: all of which were consecrated by his friend   Bishop Heber during his visit to Bombay in 1824. Archdeacon Barnes   was succeeded in the Archdeaconry by Thomas Carr, who in the   year 1837 was consecrated first Bishop of Bombay. When he resigned,   fourteen years later, he had served in India as Chaplain, Archdeacon,   and Bishop for thirty-four years, and had only once visited England   during that period, and that visit was for his Consecration.   He must have been a fine-looking man, judging by his recumbent   statue in Bombay Cathedral, and he certainly had a magnificent   constitution. To have endured the Bombay climate for thirty-four   years without any of the amenities of life, punkahs, ice and   hill stations, which we now enjoy, was a rare thing in those   bygone days. When Chaplain of Surat in his early days, he felt   it his duty to report to Archdeacon Barnes a strange ceremony   which he had witnessed, which certainly would not be tolerated   to-day. The Archdeacon reported the matter to Government in the   following letter:--
"Mr. Carr represents that the British residents at Surat   are annually called on to join in certain religious ceremonies   of the natives, which, at all times repugnant to the pious feelings   of a Christian, when falling on a Sunday (as it did this year)   necessarily compel them to violate the direct ordinances of the   Christian Sabbath. . . . The festival to which he referred was   Cocoanut Day, when it was the duty of the Chief of the Factory   to throw the first cocoanut into the water. He was attended by   the Magistrates, the Collector and other officers, and three   salutes were fired by the artillery."
During Bishop Carr's Episcopate Churches were built at Kirkee,   Ahmedabad, and Mahableshwar. When he resigned, in 1851, he was   succeeded by the Rev. John Harding, who presided over the Diocese   of Bombay for seventeen years. During his time the Church of   St. John the Evangelist at Colaba, better known as the Afghan   Memorial Church, was built and consecrated. It is one of the   finest Churches in India, built of stone, Early English in style,   with a tapering spire 210 feet high, which stands out splendidly   as a landmark on the Colaba promontory. Bishop Harding was greatly   interested in the Anglo-Indian community, and during his time   a school for Anglo-Indian boys was started at Poona, which is   still known as Bishop's School.
Probably the most missionary-minded of the early Bishops of   Bombay was Henry Alexander Douglas. During his period and at   his invitation the Fathers of St. John the Evangelist at Cowley   were led to take up missionary work in the Bombay Diocese. The   plans which he laid down for missionary work in the diocese make   it clear that he was a man of statesmanlike vision. After a short   Episcopate of eight years, which terminated with a fatal illness,   he was succeeded by Louis George Mylne, whose Episcopate lasted   twenty-one years in Bombay.
Bishop Mylne was considered a very able preacher and lecturer,   and during his period the work of the diocese went forward steadily.   Shortly after his arrival the Community of St. Mary the Virgin   at Wantage, Berkshire, sent out a body of Sisters to assist in   Church work at Poona. Within a year of their arrival, the Community   of All Saints at St. Albans also sent out a somewhat similar   number of Sisters to work in the city of Bombay itself. Both   these Sisterhoods have now been working in India for over forty   years and have everywhere won for themselves golden opinions.   The Wantage Sisters are engaged in various kinds of work, educational   and industrial, for the most part in Poona, and have charge of   the nursing arrangements of the Sassoon Hospital in Poona. The   All Saints' Sisters are responsible for the Cathedral School   for Girls in Bombay, as well as for the nursing arrangements   at the Jamsetji Hospital. They have also a delightful school   for girls at Khandala on the Bombay Ghats. The Wantage Sisters   have charge of the St. Mary's Home, Bangalore, where five Sisters   are caring for rescue and preventive cases from all parts of   India.
When Bishop Mylne retired he was succeeded by the Right Rev.   James Macarthur, who presided over the See for a period of five   years. On his resignation owing to ill health, he was appointed   Bishop of Southampton, an Assistant-Bishop in the Diocese of   Winchester. He was succeeded by Bishop Pym, who had been consecrated   Bishop of Mauritius a few years previously. His Episcopate, like   Bishop Macarthur's, lasted but for five years. The last few months   of his life were clouded by severe domestic grief, coupled with   a most unfortunate controversy with a section of his Clergy,   on questions of ritual which compelled the Metro-. politan of   India to hold a Court of Inquiry, when the matters in dispute   were fortunately settled. Both Bishop Macarthur and Bishop Pym   had been excellent parish priests before they came to India,   and had studied carefully the best methods of parochial work,   so that although their Episcopates lasted but for a short time,   they did a work for the Church, especially in Bombay City, which   is of lasting value.
On the death of Bishop Pym, Edwin James Palmer, Fellow and   Chaplain of Balliol College, Oxford, was appointed the seventh   Bishop of Bombay. A man of fine scholarship and statesmanlike   vision, he has, during the fifteen years of his Episcopate, brought   forward the work of the Church in his diocese in a remarkable   way. Largely through his initiative and ability, a system of   Diocesan and Provincial Councils has been adopted by the Anglican   Church in India.
Missionary work in the Bombay Diocese goes back to its earliest   days as a diocese. The Church Missionary Society was the first   of our Church Societies to enter this field, which they did in   1820. "In 1855 a remarkable memorial was sent to the Church   Missionary Society, signed by the Bishop (John Harding), the   Archdeacon, Admiral Sir Henry Leeke, Commander-in-Chief of the   Indian Navy, Mr. (afterwards Sir) Bartle Frere, Commissioner   of Sindh, six other high Government officials, ten less prominent   officials, eleven merchants, and seven Chaplains."
This memorial said: "We plead on behalf of fifteen millions   of the unevangelised natives of this land. . . . We grant that   conversions are yet few; but the preparatory work is steadily   advancing; inquiry spreads; missionaries are welcomed. Everything   invites to fresh efforts. The Lord is assuredly calling us to   preach the Gospel unto this people, and we venture therefore   to add, in the language of urgent solicitation with the Society,   'Arise, for this matter belongeth unto thee, we also will be   with thee; be of good courage, and do it.' "
Unfortunately, the Society were unable to respond to this   touching appeal, and their Western India Mission, like their   Missions in the Central Provinces, have never been on the same   scale as those in Northern and Southern India. The chief centres   of their work in the Bombay Diocese have been in Bombay City,   at Nasik, Malegaon, Aurangabad, and Poona. To Canon Joshi we   owe the following account of their past history: "Till the   beginning of this century the main work of the Society in the   city of Bombay was confined to education, the care of an English   congregation, and pastoring the struggling Marathi congregation   at Girgaum. A mission was carried on for several years among   Mahomedans with varied success. By at least two devoted men efforts   were made to reach Parsees and educated Hindus. The Robert Money   School was founded in memory of a godly and well-respected civilian--Robert   Money--and was placed under the Society's charge. A scholar of   Trinity College, Cambridge, the Rev. G. M. Valentine, came out   as its first Principal. Jerrom, Galbraith, Cars, Jackson, Bren,   and others followed Valentine. The names of Cars and Jackson   have been familiar with old students. The Rev. Jain Ali, who   conducted a unique hostel for boys, was also associated with   these two men in the conduct of the Money School. The late Rev.   Sorabji was brought to Christ under the influence of Valentine.   Very few converts have come from this school, but it is difficult   to gauge the far-reaching results of faithful Christian teaching   and influence. The girls' boarding and day schools, after an   existence of nearly half a century, have developed into the present "Immanuel Girls' High School," where many devoted missionary   ladies have been toiling with great success. At one time a large   number of schools for girls were conducted in the city, under   the fostering care of a Miss White, locally connected. The patient   labours of the late Miss Trott and the now retired Miss Campbell   (although connected with the Z.B.M. they worked hand in hand   with the Marathi Mission) resulted in many conversions among   the Beni-Israelites.
"With all these agencies, direct evangelistic work, twenty   years ago, was represented by a single catechist, who worked   among the servants of Europeans. Since the Indian Church took   up the work a steady progress has been made. About 900 Indian   Christians are connected with the Marathi and Gujerati congregations.   The Indian District Church Council, with three Indian Clergy   and aided by a good staff of evangelists, are carrying on vigorously   both missionary and pastoral work. The Church Missionary Society   now subsidises the Indian Church for carrying on these various   operations.
"In 1838 Nasik was occupied. Farrar (the father of the   famous Dean Farrar) and Dixon settled themselves in the city   of Nasik. They were the pioneers of English education there.   The missionary influence on this Benares of Western India has   been such that nearly thirty-five Brahman converts have been   baptised in the past. Nasik proved to be, for a long time, the   cradle of our Western Indian Mission. In 1854, when the British   Government handed over liberated African slaves to the mission,   the Rev. W. Salter Price founded the Christian settlement of   Sharanpur. For many years this city of refuge proved to be a   city set on a hill. It was from here that the 'boys' who accompanied   Dr. Livingstone were sent. It became a vigorous centre of higher   education and industries. Subsequently this African Colony was   removed to East Africa. This proved to be the first set-back   to the work at Nasik. Then came Schwartz, with his practical   German training. His idea was to make Sharanpur a self-contained   Christian Colony. Farming and all other agencies that go to the   completion of a village were set on foot. But while things were   making rapid progress he suddenly died. This second set-back   completely killed this idea. Henceforward, save for the orphanages   and a few things connected with them, the Indian Christian had   to go elsewhere, and except for the missionary and philanthropic   work carried out in the city by Miss Harvey and her colleagues   and also the efforts of an Indian Clergyman, Nasik has ceased   to be an aggressive centre. However, the good it has done in   the past has not been in vain. Almost all the past and present   Indian Clergy connected with the C.M.S. can point to Nasik as   their spiritual home.
"In 1870 the Rev. Rattanji Nowrohi was ordained and sent   to Aurangabad (a British Camp in the Nizam's territory). The   few Indian Christians there rallied round him. During the course   of a quarter of a century between two and three thousand people   were gathered into the Christian fold. After his retirement several   European missionaries have entered on his labours. The work is   full of promise. Many are knocking at the door. A good Christian   agency is needed to take advantage of the open doors."
The work at Malegaon in Khandesh was very successful in early   days. "The names of Menge and Rogers are associated with   the early missionary efforts there." Later on Malegaon was   given up, and Manmad has become the chief centre in this region.   The Zenana Bible and Medical Mission has now a large girls' school   at Manmad.
Of Poona we need say but little. It was occupied in 1882 by   the Rev. R. A. Squires, one of two brothers who were well-known   missionaries in the Bombay Diocese for twenty years. Mr. Squires   started a Divinity School there. It has never been a really strong   centre, and at the present time a European missionary, a Tamil   pastor and a Marathi pastor compose its entire staff.
"The Mass Movement areas in the Nasik, Manmad, and Aurangabad   districts are promising, and it will need all the energy the   Mission can command to develop these areas. In the mean time   the C.M.S. has wisely established Indian Church Councils for   self-support and self-expansion on the same pattern as exists   in the great missionary province of Tinnevelly. The object is   to hand over responsibilities to the Indian Church wherever it   comes to maturity, and to allow the missionaries to occupy the   'regions beyond.'"
The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel started their   work in Bombay a generation later than the C.M.S. Ten years later,   1878, they opened work at Kolhapur, in the Bombay Deccan, and   three years later at Ahmednagar, which is now their largest and   most successful mission in the Bombay Diocese. Thanks to Canon   King, we have been able to learn a good deal of their chief mission   work at Ahmednagar. Bishop Douglas had urged the establishment   of a chain of mission stations in the Marathi country, beginning   at Poona. Originally the plan was that wherever there was a Chaplain   ministering to the Europeans, there should also be a missionary   to work amongst non-Christians. At Ahmednagar mission work was   begun in 1869 by the Chaplain, the Rev. H. W. Bagnell, with the   assistance of a young man named Sevakrao Gaikvad. Mr. Bagnell   superintended the work from 1869 to 1873, opening a small school   not far from the English Church. As the work appeared promising,   Bishop Douglas transferred the Rev. Thomas Williams from Kolhapur   to Ahmednagar. "When Mr. Williams arrived in Ahmednagar   early in 1873, the American Con-gregationalists' Mission, which   had been at work in the city for over fifty years, strongly protested   against mission work being started by our Church." Bishop   Douglas's answer to their objection was very decided: "We,   as a Church, have our own duties to the heathen and our own responsibilities,   responsibilities from which nothing can deliver us, duties for   which God and our own consciences will call us to account."
For quite a long time there was a considerable controversy   in the Nonconformist papers about the raid of this "Welshman." "One cause of friction unquestionably was to be found in   the fact that some of the schoolmasters and catechists from the   Congregationalist Mission joined the S.P.G. They were apparently   attracted by our religious services, which seemed to them more   devotional than those of the Congregationalists."
Mr. Williams entered on his work with great earnestness, and   in the first week of his tour baptised no less than fifty-five   persons. Before the end of the year his congregation had increased   to one hundred and sixteen. The conditions of work were by no   means easy. The district of Ahmednagar at that time was very   badly supplied with roads, and as the people whom Mr. Williams   had baptised belonged to sixteen different villages, it was almost   impossible with only one priest to secure regular administration   of the Sacraments and the carrying out of the Church's system   of Divine worship.
"In October, 1873, Bishop Douglas came on his first visit   to the Mission. I do not think," so Canon King writes, "that   Bishop Douglas's Life has ever been written, although he was   a very noteworthy person and, as far as this diocese is concerned,   our first missionary Bishop. He travelled in the utmost simplicity   without tents, as Mr. Williams says in his first report, 'the   Bishop having no tent or any other shelter than the sparse foliage   of a tree riddled by the sunlight. ..." The villagers at   Toka still point out a tree under which the Bishop slept.
"The Bishop first visited the small Mission established   at Bhingar, and then accompanied Mr. Williams on a tour through   the villages where there were these newly formed communities   of the baptised. He visited Toka, Undirgao, Malunja, Belapur,   Kendal, Rahuri, and Vambori. Altogether he administered the Sacrament   of Confirmation to sixty people and admitted most of them to   the Holy Communion, and so completed the foundation of a branch   of Holy Church in the Ahmednagar Collectorate."
Unfortunately for the Mission, Mr. Williams was compelled   to take sick leave to England after he had been at work for only   eighteen months. In his place Bishop Douglas appointed the Rev.   W. S. Barker, a young clergyman who had been at work in Poona.   Mr. Barker was a character that much appealed to the Hindus.   To quote from Canon King: "He was utterly other-worldly   and would give away whatever he possessed with both hands.
"Mr. Williams was a glutton for work, but Mr. Barker   was even more energetic. One of the old catechists told me of   Mr. Barker waking him up in the middle of the night and walking   with him from Nagar to Mohoji, a distance of about twenty-eight   miles, in order to be present for the early morning service."
After Mr. Barker was withdrawn from Ahmednagar, this promising   Mission was left without a missionary for some time, though Mr.   Blunt, a Government Chaplain, did his best to superintend the   work. Then for a time the Mission received a serious set-back.   In the absence of any English missionary, "a Roman Catholic   Bishop" visited Ahmednagar, and induced two catechists and   sixteen other agents to leave the Communion of the Church of   England. "He is reported to have baptised one hundred and   fifty of our catechumens and to have received into the Roman   Catholic Church a large number of our Christians." On hearing   of this, Bishop Mylne at once despatched the Rev. J. Taylor to   Ahmednagar, who in a short time received back a large number   of the deserters. Then began a great period of expansion. Of   Canon Taylor, his brother missionary, Canon King, writes: "He   was the greatest evangelist this diocese has ever had, and his   instructions were the more impressed on the minds of his flock   by his holy and devout life." During the first ten months   he baptised 1927 persons, and in addition to this admitted over   1500 as candidates for baptism. Many persons apparently condemned   Mr. Taylor for his hasty baptisms. His defence was that "these   people had long had the Gospel preached to them by different   missionaries, and their faith in Hinduism had been shaken." He made a strong appeal for more men to help him in this forward   movement, and for a time Father Goreh and several other clergymen   came to his assistance. "Mr. Taylor's ascetic method of   touring was beyond anything that we are accustomed to in these   days. In my first tour with him he had no tents, and we used   to put up in the Mahar Chavadis. All day Jong there were crowds   of people round him, he never seemed to stop talking all day   except for meals and a tub--the latter was not always feasible!   . . . He seemed to have a special affection for Mahar Gosavis,   there was nearly always one in his company. Our nights were always   broken with the barking of dogs which swarm in most Maharwadas,   and we were wakened very early, long before daylight, by the   women beginning their grinding, which is usually accompanied   by singing. Padre Taylor used to preach, or rather give instructions,   at enormous length. Before baptism he would give a detailed exposition   of the Creed, the Lord's Prayer and Ten Commandments, and no   one was allowed to leave the instruction. Even when the numbers   to be baptised exceeded a hundred he would say the whole of the   words following 'We receive this child '. . . separately to each   individual. My knowledge of Marathi was small, but even I could   see how every word that Padre Taylor said was understood by his   auditors; they would wag their heads and interrupt with questions,   showing that they were following attentively all that was said."
From this time onwards the Ahmednagar Mission has gone forward   steadily, until it has now a number of out-stations in various   parts of the district and considerably more than 6000 converts.   At Miri Mr. Winslow, one of the Mission staff, has established   an "Ashram," where he is training in the religious   life a number of young Indian Christians, who in future years   will be priests and evangelists to their people. There is a splendid   body of women workers in the Mission, with their headquarters   at St. Monica's, in Ahmednagar. If I have dealt somewhat fully   on the past history of this interesting Mission, it is because   far too little is known of it, and one would hope that before   long such a full account of it may be given as has been done   in the case of other of our Indian Missions. To spend a few days   at Ahmednagar, as was the present writer's good fortune a few   months ago, would make any Christian enthusiastic about Missions.   Certainly one cannot soon forget the Sunday morning Celebration   at St. Saviour's Church, its huge number of communicants, its   splendid congregational singing, and its atmosphere of reverence   and devotion.
Of the work of the S.P.G. at Hubli, which deserves special   mention, we are indebted to an interesting description given   by the Bishop. "Wandering about India are many curious tribes   classed by Government as Criminal, and reported to be so by the   more settled people. They live in various ways: by hunting, by   collecting forest produce, by coining and passing false coins,   by systematic petty thieving. A member of the Indian Civil Service,   Mr. 0. H. B. Starte, conceived the idea of reclaiming these people   and getting them to settle down and adopt honest occupations.   The task was not quite so difficult as might be expected, because   the poor creatures were distrusted by all the villagers and harried   by the police. Mr. Starte has now six or eight large settlements   of these Criminal tribes. Neither he nor the Government thought   it wise that this great effort should depend upon the life of   one man. It was determined to hand over some of the settlements   to different Missions, and the S.P.G. were offered and accepted   the care of the settlement at Hubli, with about two thousand   settlers. The ladies of that Mission, Miss Edwards and Miss Tickell,   and more recently Miss Ward, have been so successful in their   work that Mr. Starte now sends all the worst boys and girls from   all his camps to Hubli. Mr. Bradbury of the S.P.G. is now the   Superintendent of the Settlement, and he and his wife are guiding   the educational work amongst these young savages. I can only   say that in all the experiences of over thirty years in India,   I have seen nothing more remarkable than this settlement at Hubli.   About four hundred children are receiving instruction in the   school and about six hundred of the grown-up Criminals are working   either in the local cotton-mills or in the railway shops. During   my visit to Hubli I confirmed, amongst others, one of the deer-stealing   tribe, a lad of sixteen, a kind of firstfruits of this work.   It is unquestionably a work which calls for great self-sacrifice   on the part of its workers and it is an inspiration to see them   at work and to note how they are winning their way to the hearts   of these strange people."
Another remarkable piece of missionary work in the Bombay   Diocese, which is, I believe, unique in India, is Canon Joshi's   Converts' Home in Bombay. "Canon Joshi takes into the Home   would-be converts, just when life is made intolerable for them   by their relations. Many have been enabled by this Home to pass   this terribly trying period in safety." When recently visiting   the Home, the present writer had an opportunity of meeting quite   a number of high-caste people whose conversion to Christianity   had been made possible by this Home. It is an intensely interesting   bit of work and it is all the more interesting when one remembers   that it has been in part conceived and entirely carried out by   an Indian clergyman.
Away to the north of Bombay, where Rajputana touches the Bombay   native states, there was started many years ago a C.M.S. Mission   amongst the Bhils. It was started largely through the influence   of Bishop Bickersteth, of Exeter. Family reasons directed his   attention very strongly to Kherwara, the headquarters of the   Mewar Bhil Corps; and the Church Missionary Society, in response   to his appeal, and a generous donation of £1000 which accompanied   it, sent the Rev. C. S. Thompson to start work in that station   and its neighbourhood. In those days Rajputana was a part of   the Calcutta Diocese and the Mission was under the care of the   Metropolitan of India. For years Mr. Thompson worked amongst   the Bhils with but little or no result. He was in the habit of   moving about the surrounding country and spending considerable   periods of his time at Billadia and Lusadia. Then the tide began   to turn, the suspicions of the Bhils began to die down, and Mr.   Thompson had the joy of baptising some few converts. The great   famine of 1900 visited these regions when the strength of this   little Mission was taxed to the utmost. Mr. Thompson himself   was in England when the famine started, in a Nursing Home, quite   unfit for work. Hearing of the needs of his poor Bhils, he determined,   against strong medical advice, to return at once to Bhil-land.   Shortly after his return, while journeying through the country   on his mission of mercy, endeavouring to get food to its starving   people, he was attacked with cholera and died under a big tree,   not far from Kherwara. A large stone on a cross now marks the   place where this devoted servant of God passed away to the rest   of Paradise.
When the Diocese of Nagpur was formed this Mission automatically   passed into the care of the present writer. Then after twelve   years or so, it was felt that the distance of Bhil-land from   Nagpur was so great that from every point of view it was desirable   to transfer it to the Bombay Diocese. This was the more natural   because, though the Mission had started at Kherwara, it has gradually   been developing into the Bombay native states.
During the Great War this Mission passed again through deep   waters, the Rev. A. I. Birkett, its senior missionary, being   drowned when crossing one of the rivers in flood, and Miss Bull,   who had been for years a household word in that part of India,   being drowned while returning from furlough when the P. & O. steamship Persia was torpedoed off Crete. "God buries   Hia workmen, but carries on His work," and it is a happy   thing to know that in spite of all its trials and sorrows the   Bhil Mission is going on steadily, growing in numbers and gradually   establishing a living Church amongst these wild and attractive   people.
No account of the missionary work of the Bombay Diocese would   be complete without some reference to the work which has been   carried on for the last fifty years by the Fathers of St. John   the Evangelist, Cowley. Father Benson, its founder, had for long   wished to start mission work in India, and had himself been anxious   to come out to the work. Various important reasons, however,   made this impossible. At length, in response to invitations from   both Bishop Milman and Bishop Douglas, he sent Father Page and   Father Biscoe, who arrived in Bombay in 1874. They were followed   a few months later by Father O'Neill. Father O'Neill did not   continue long in Bombay. He had for some time felt a vocation   to a life of even sterner asceticism than the rest of his brothers,   and so, after a visit to Bishop Milman, he established himself   at Indore, in Central India. Here he gathered round him a small   body of disciples. The present writer has visited the little   house in the Bazaar of Indore where this saintly recluse, an   old Oxford rowing blue, lived for some years, and where he died.   The owner of the house still regards it as more or less sacred.   At times Father O'Neill would come and preach to the English   congregation of St. Ann, Indore, to their delight and edification.   His great friend, by whose side he is buried in the Indore Cemetery,   was Aberich Mackay, the gifted author of Twenty-one Days in   India.
The early days of the Cowley Fathers in Bombay were spent   in the slums of a part of Bombay City called Sonapur. A year   later they moved to another part of the city called Mazagaon.   Before leaving India, Bishop Douglas put Father Page in charge   of St. Peter's, Mazagaon, which gave him and the community a   definite position in the city.
Things have changed since those early days, and the old house   and the small Church at Mazagaon have given place to finer buildings   and a far finer Church. Not that the Cowley Fathers desired the   change, but as the land on which these earlier buildings stood   was needed for other purposes and was purchased over their heads,   they were compelled reluctantly to make the change. In their   earlier days they were assisted by the Rev. J. H. Lord, an associate   who had come out to work amongst the Bombay Jews. He lived and   worked with them for many years until he was called to work elsewhere   in the diocese.
The important Mission at Panch Howds, hi the city of Poona,   has been for so long connected with the Cowley Fathers, that   few now seem to recall the fact that it was started by the Rev.   Benjamin Dulley. Father Dulley, as he is generally called, had   come out to India as Chaplain to Bishop Mylne. For some time   Bishop Mylne had been anxious to start missionary work in Poona   City. On his securing a house close to five tanks (hence the   name Panch Howds), Father Dulley went to live in it. Various   reasons compelled him to leave India after only a short stay.   On his return to England he connected himself with St. Peter's,   London Docks, where he worked for over thirty years. During Father   Dulley's short stay, Cecil Rivington, now a Canon of Bombay Cathedral,   joined the Panch Howds Mission, and on Father Dulley's departure   took over its charge which he held till 1894. Since then Canon   Rivington has been working elsewhere in the diocese, and to-day,   after forty-six years of unbroken service, is training young   Indians for Ordination at Betgiri-Gadag. To have given India   nearly fifty years of unbroken service without once going home   carries one back in thought to the lif e of the great Schwartz   in South India.
In 1882 the Cowley Fathers associated themselves definitely   with the Mission at Panch Howds, and when Father Relton had gained   the requisite experience he was put in charge. Since then it   has been exclusively tjjeir Mission. The Cowley Fathers, as most   people know, stand for "being" more than for "doing," and then1 devout, prayerful, and self-denying1 lives have unquestionably   been a grteat blessing, not only to the Bombay Diwcefce, but   to the whole Indian Church. Their beautiful Basilica Church at   Panch Howds, crowded as it is so often with devout worshippers,   must make a deep impression on the large non-Christian community   which lives in that neighbourhood.
I have written somewhat fully of the missionary work in the   Bombay Diocese because it is far too little known, and information   about it is not easily come by, being scattered about in short   articles in old Diocesan Magazines and pamphlets.
"There is every sort of interest in this diocese," writes the Bishop, "and there is hardly any one who can   fail to find something in it that will interest him or her. The   only element of work in which we have as yet no part is University   education, which is entirely hi the hands of the Roman Catholics   and the Presbyterians."
There is the work of the Chaplains amongst the British soldiers   in the Cantonments of the Bombay Presidency and Aden. There is   the work done for the sailors in Bombay itself--a work started   in Bishop Harding's time, which has recently been enormously   developed by a magnificent Sailors' Institute, towards which   Bombay gave six and a half lakhs (over forty thousand pounds),   in gratitude for what the sailors did in the Great War. There   is the work done by devoted Deaconesses in the slums of Bombay,   who are calling out for more helpers. There is the work of the   Girls' Friendly Society in the shops, telephone and telegraph   and other offices in the city--a work which has recently been   immensely helped by the acquisition of a building containing   three flats, which has been purchased for £8000. There   is the rescue work of the League of Mercy, started by Mrs. Jackson,   with its house in Bombay--a Home for neglected children at Nasik   and a branch at Poona. And there are lastly the schools which   the Church is providing for the children of the Anglo-Indian   community. The Bombay Diocese is well provided with schools for   this community. In Bombay itself the Church has no less than   three High Schools for their boys, and two High Schools for their   girls. The Byculla Schools and Cathedral Boys' and Girls' High   Schools can hold their own with any schools of this kind hi India.   The St. Peter's High School for Boys at Mazagaon is under the   management of the Cowley Fathers. There is a movement on foot   at the present time to remove the Byculla Boarding Schools from   Bombay to Deolali on the Ghats, which will secure for the children   a far healthier and more invigorating climate. There are also   excellent schools for this community at Poona. The Boys' High   School, called the Bishop's School, founded by Bishop Harding,   and the Girls' High School, managed by the Sisters of St. Mary's,   Wantage, are doing splendid work. To this latter is attached   a normal school for the training of teachers, to which girls   of all parts of the Bombay Diocese and Central Provinces are   sent. There is a delightful Girls' School at Khandala, managed   by the All Saints' Sisters. Mount Abu has also got a High School   for Boys which has recently been taken over by the Society for   the Propagation of the Gospel. It has also got one of the Lawrence   Military Schools for the boys and girls of soldiers. Certainly   no one will wonder, after reading this record of the work of   the Bombay Diocese, that its present Bishop is now asking the   Church to give him an Assistant-Bishop to share with him his   heavy burdens.
Project Canterbury
