In Love
Our Church is 400 years old!
Established in 1606 and serving the villages of Sar (Sahar), Bamanwada, Kole - Kalyan (Kalina) and Vancolem (Vakola), Our Lady of Egypt Church is one of the few Churches that escaped the ruthless destruction and plunder at the hands of the Marathas More...
Events
Lenten Mission
There will be an Inner Healing Retreat in our parish on 11th - 12th & 13th of March, 2010. During these days the evening Mass will be celebrated at 6pm and not at 7 p.m. followed by Inner Healing Service.
Examination of Conscience
On Saturday 13th and Sunday 14th March, instead of the homily during Mass, there will be Examination of Conscience as a preparation for Lenten Confession.
Lenten Confessions
Lenten Confessions will be held in our parish on Monday 15th & Tuesday 16th March, 2010  from 5 pm to 8 pm. Guest Priests will be available, hence there will be no evening Mass.
Pilgrim Stations of the Cross
The Pilgrim Stations of the Cross this year will be held at  CONVENT VILLA  Khandala on Wednesday, 24th March 2010. Those interested can enlist their names in the Parish Office by paying Rs.350/- per head. The charges include travelling to and fro, breakfast, lunch and evening tea. Please carry a cap, rosary, water and any necessary medication. Seating arrangements will be on first come first serve basis. Please enlist at the earliest to avoid disappointment. Also note that this devotion is not a picnic.
News
Please look up the notice board for;
The Diocesan Youth Centre, Bandra is organizing a TEENAGERS  ORIENTATION PROGRAMME (TOP) for Std. X (SSC/ICSE) students.
Salesians of Don Bosco are organizing Don Bosco Summer Camp.
Senior College in Kalina?
Kalina would be considered for a senior college in future said Oswald Cardinal Gracias, Archbishop of Bombay.  He was speaking at a function inaugurating the Kripa Medical Dispensary at Our Lady of Egypt Church, Kalina, Santa Cruz East.  He was responding to an appeal made by Shri Kripashanker Singh MLA, to upgrade the  existing St. Mary's Junior College into senior college in Kalina. This would greatly benefit the residents of kalian, Vakola, Kurla and those living on the Central Line.
OLEP Seva Kendra News
The OLEP Seva Kendra is starting Yoga classes and Fresh Batches of Basic Computer & Basic Hardware in September. Those interested can contact the Kendra office.
Msgr. Marcus Gonsalves Education Fund
There are many poor students in our school. In order to help them we have started Msgr. Marcus Gonsalves Education Fund. If you wish to help a poor student, you may contribute to this Fund in the school office and get a receipt for the same from the Junior College Office.
