Illustrations
Recomended Resources
Here are some sources of information related to christian catholic apostolic church, that are carefully selected based on strict criteria:
Christ Community Church in Zion, Illinois, formerly the Christian Catholic Church or Christian Catholic Apostolic Church, is an evangelical Protestant church founded in 1896 ...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Catholic_Apostolic_Church
Sorry, for the time being we do not accept the recommendation.
Amazon Products
We Believe in One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church (Ancient Christian Doctrine)
When was the church founded? Jesus spoke of the kingdom of God and not of a religious organization subsequently called church. We don't find in the Gospels expressions which make reference to the foundation of a new religious community, a new and distinct community of followers of Jesus. But after the resurrection of Jesus, his followers, as a result of his express command, gather together not only those from the people of Israel but men and women of all nations.    The final clauses of the Nicene Creed spell out, briefly and to the point, the church's self-understanding in these early centuries. Angelo Di Berardino assembles a wide range of texts and teachers of the church during these years to enrich our understanding and deepen our faith in the great mysteries expressed here.    The Creed quickly hits the four marks of the church--that it is "one holy catholic and apostolic." What do we mean by professing each of these? Di Berardino helps us to give an answer with the help of the fathers of the church.    The volume closes, as does the Creed, with a consideration of baptism (the traditional entrance for people into the church) and two central features of the church in the future--the expectation that all of God's people will enjoy the resurrection of the dead and the life of the world to come.
John Alexander Dowie and the Christian Catholic apostolic church in Zion
This is a reproduction of a book published before 1923. This book may have occasional imperfections such as missing or blurred pages, poor pictures, errant marks, etc. that were either part of the original artifact, or were introduced by the scanning process. We believe this work is culturally important, and despite the imperfections, have elected to bring it back into print as part of our continuing commitment to the preservation of printed works worldwide. We appreciate your understanding of the imperfections in the preservation process, and hope you enjoy this valuable book.
One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic: The Early Church Was the Catholic Church
Very often in the history of Christianity, "reformers", by whatever name, have aspired to return to "the early Church". The Church of their own day, for whatever reason, fails to live up to what they think Christianity should be: in their view there has been a falling away from the beautiful ideals of the early Church.
Kenneth Whitehead shows in this book how the early Church has, in fact, not disappeared, but rather has survived and persisted, and is with us still. "Reformers" are not so much the ones needed by this Church as are those who aspire to be saints—to follow Christ seriously and always to fulfill God's holy will by employing the means of sanctification which Christ continues to provide in the Church.
Whitehead shows how the visible body which today bears the name "the Catholic Church" is the same Church which Christ established to carry on and perpetuate in the world his Words and his Works—and his own divine Life—and to bring salvation and sanctification to all mankind. Despite superficial differences in certain appearances, the worldwide Catholic Church today remains the same Church that was originally founded by Jesus Christ on Peter and the other apostles back in the first century in the ancient Near East. The early Church, in other words, was always!—nothing else but—the Catholic Church.
One Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church: Some Lutheran and Ecumenical Perspectives (Lwf Studies 2009)
Developments affecting the ecclesiological self-understanding of Lutheran churches worldwide vary according to context. It was the goal of this study process to develop Lutheran theological reflection on the understanding of the church. Taking into account the actual contexts, this book reflects an effort to sharpen theological reflection on and the spiritual understanding of the church by taking up doctrinal considerations. On the one hand, there is the simple question if and what Lutheran churches can learn from the ecumenical ecclesiological expression: We believe ... in the one holy, catholic and apostolic church, which has been part of the truly ecumenical Creed of Nicaea that Lutheran churches share as their doctrinal and confessional basis. On the other, how do churches, past and present, realize in their life and theology their belief in the church as one holy, catholic and apostolic?
It is vital that the global communion of Lutheran churches pursue a common theological discussion on the understanding and realization of the one holy, catholic and apostolic church. Various challenges affect how churches conceive of themselves as being church, and a number of Lutheran churches find themselves in historical processes of transition.
In the global South, Lutheran churches, the products of the missionary activities of churches and mission organizations, try to define themselves as churches in their own right and not according to their origins in a European or North American church or mission society. In this respect, ecclesiological considerations are necessary, at least as part of a post-colonial theology that is developing its own theology in light of its cultural, political, economic and religious contexts.
