'Come see what God is doing in our midst!'
The Methodist Church in India in Mission1
by     Rebecca C. Asedillo
 
Rizwara Mohammed shows the children at the Sharanam Center for Street Children how to make chalk.
Image by: Mission Contexts and Relationships
Bombay community outreach
Every morning, Rizwara Mohammed goes out into the streets along Grant Road     in the slums of Bombay and returns with between 10-15 children in tow. She     takes them to Sharanam (meaning ‘center’) for Street Children     where she works. At the center, the children get a nutritious meal, engage     in play activities, and learn some skills.
On October 29, 2004, when three staff members of the General Board of Global     Ministries visited the center, Ms. Mohammed was helping some children learn     to make chalk. The chalk they make is sold to the school where the center     is located and from where it rents two rooms. The children also make small     pill envelopes which the center sells to drug stores. In another room, a     teenage boy was operating a loom to make door mats and rugs which will also     be sold.
The center is one of 20 located in 13 different slum communities in Bombay,     according to Rosamma George, senior coordinator of the Community Outreach     Program (CORP) ) of the Bombay Regional Conference,2 “Every year, around     1,000 children benefit from this program,” she added.
At night, the two rooms of the center convert into two separate shelters     for 20 of the boys and 30 of the girls. About 15 children are given accommodations     at a church-run hostel in a community called Talegaon.
Some of the children attend school during the day. Others attend the vocational     training institutes in Talegaon, where many have acquired job skills to become     economically self-sufficient. Among the skills that the young people could     learn at the institutes are welding, fabrication, electrical wiring, 2/3 wheeler repairing and servicing, weaving, tailoring, screen printing and     poultry raising.
In another slum area called Matunga, CORP runs the Shalom Center for the     Handicapped which serves around 100 physically handicapped and hearing-impaired     children. The center also has a program for seniors every Thursday and holds     a meeting with the children’s parents once a month. But according to     Ms. George, the building in which the center is housed is sinking. To fix     this problem, the conference is trying to raise funds. Local congregations     have raised almost $5,000, but $22,000 is still needed, she said.
Church growth
New Bombay was established ten years ago as a planned city on reclaimed     land to respond to the crisis of overpopulation in Bombay. On a prominent     corner of a neighborhood called Nerul, an imposing building has started to     rise. It is the Epworth Methodist Church where despite the lack of walls     and finished floors four congregations are already worshipping. These congregations,     made up of almost 150 families are organized according to four language groups,     namely, Tamil, Telegu, Marathi and English. Local churches in the conference     have raised about $8,000, 3.5 million rupees, but about $9,000 are still     needed to complete the building.
While the needs and the challenges are great, the opportunities for ministry     are also immense. At the end of the GBGM staff visit in Bombay, Bishop Sampath     Kumar thanked them, saying, “God supplies. We thank you that you have     been willing to come and see what God is doing in our midst!”
Lucknow: education and health ministries
The beginnings of Methodism in India took place in Lucknow3 and Bareilly,     where missionaries Dr. and Mrs. William Butler came in 1856 to spread the     Christian gospel. Lucknow is home to some of the best educational institutions in India, such as the Lucknow Christian College and the Isabella Thoburn     College.
The Lucknow Publishing House, established in 1861 continues to serve the     publishing needs of churches and educational institutions in India.
Believing that “no nation rises higher than to the point to which     they elevate their women,” missionary Isabella Thoburn established     Lal Bagh School in 1870. The school renamed Isabella Thoburn College has     been recognized as the first women’s college to be established in Asia.     With a faculty of 70 and a student population of 2,300, the college offers     degree courses in the sciences, arts, education, women’s studies, vocational     studies and library science. Besides its academic program, the college runs     an Aids Awareness Center for Counseling, Education and Training (AACCET).
The Lucknow Christian College is a complex of colleges and schools including     the Christian Training College, the Christian College of Physical Education,     the Lucknow Christian Inter College and a couple of primary schools. The     Lucknow Christian College has received the distinction of making the list   of Top Ten Colleges in India.
Catering to the education of girls and young women is another group of institutions     made up of the Lal Bagh Christian Education Society, the Lal Bagh Girls Inter   College, the Emma Thompson School and the Grace David School.
In the area of health ministry, the Nur Manzil Psychiatric Center, also     located in Lucknow, serves a unique population who are oftentimes overlooked,     ignored, or worse, abused. These are the people who suffer from mental illness     and other forms of psychological needs. Established in 1950 by Dr. E. Stanley     Jones, a world-renowned missionary, author and friend of India, the center     offers full benefits of modern psychiatry.
“Nur Manzil” means “a place of light.” The various     ministries of the Methodist churches in India are indeed helping to shed     the light of the love of God in Jesus Christ. “Come, see what God is   doing in our midst” is an invitation to mission partnership there.
1On October 27 to November 1, 2004, three staff members of the General Board of   Global Ministries visited Bombay and Lucknow in India, namely: the Rev. Youngsook   Kang, deputy general secretary for Mission Contexts and Relationships/Mission   Education (MCR/ME), the Rev. Edith L. Gleaves, Deputy General Secretary of Mission   Personnel and Ms. Rebecca C. Asedillo, executive secretary for connectional relations,   Asia Pacific, MCR. The purpose of this trip was to renew and strengthen GBGM   relations with the Methodist Church in India; share about the India-Pakistan   mission study for 2005-2006 and the Mission Travel Seminars that will follow,   and other missional concerns.
2A regional conference is similar to an annual conference. The   Methodist Church in India, which has an affiliated autonomous relationship with   The United Methodist   Church is made up of twelve regional conferences under six episcopal areas. Bishop   Sampath Kumar is currently providing episcopal supervision to the Bombay Regional   Conference.
3Bishop S.R. Thomas is the episcopal leader of Lucknow while Bishop S.S. Singh   is the episcopal leader of Bareilly.
 
