January 21, 2009 at 10:18 am
Poor Christian Liberation Movement (PCLM) President R.L.Francis, Address 4th National Assembly of Delegates————————————————————————————————————————–
Good News. Indeed we wish to give the ‘good news’ in its true original form and in its true biblical form. It is PCLM’s basic slogan ‘Truth will make you free’. In August 2003 over three hundred delegates assembled for National Assembly of Dalit Christians. The topic of the seminar was a discussion: “Dalit Christians in the context of Conversion.” After the seminar the “Presidential Address” was circulated to all PCLM ideologues and senior writers, journalists, friends and benefactors. A request was made to the ideologues to adapt, redraft where necessary, or ever overhaul the entire Presidential Address. The ‘good news’ is that soon all PCLM delegates receive “ a coherent and practical handbook. ”
It is October 2004, over a year since the address was delivered. We must express gratitude to the PCLM ideologues. Many of you will have read and studied the ‘original text’ of this address. Hence it is for you to judge the labour of love of the ideologues. They spent time reading, grasping, adapting, editing and in several places overhauling the address of 6-8-2003.
Verily, what Freud said should be pondered by all PCLM cadres. “An unreflected life is not worth living”. Or better, Dalit Christians should daily put into practice ‘the Marian Art’: ‘His mother pondered and treasured all these things in her heart’ Luke. 2:51. what the renowned psychotherapist said of an individual applies to organizations and movements. And what Mary the Mother of Jesus, the type of the Church uniquely performed and rigorously put into practice in her lifetime becomes a salutary exercise for all Christians. I feel assured that this ‘pondered’ and revised edition will be a source of inspiration and guide for PCLM activists at the grass root level. It is for these activist to evolve a praxis and thus help Dalit Christian towards moving effectively towards achieving the goals and filling the dreams of the Dalit Christians who have been experiencing sufferings for centuries and that too uninterrupted suffering and discrimination from womb to the tomb.
Dear and respected delegates,
It is my privilege and joy to extend a hearty welcome to you. My rough estimate is that there are over “three hundred delegates”. Braving all odds you have come here to discuss, share your concerns and dreams. The previous PCLM National assembly was in April 2002 and the topic of the seminar was: “The role of the Church in the Development of Dalit Christians”.
On this historic day we move ‘one more step ahead’ hence we have decided to discuss in detail the present condition of the “Dalit Christians in the Context of Conversion.” I repeat the topic for this seminar is: Dalit Christians in the Context of Conversion.
This topic is chosen because ‘Conversion’ in our land famed for religious tolerance has emerged as a foremost controversial topic for politicians, social activists, and religious leaders. It must be our effort to unravel what conversion really means. Initially it can be stated that, Conversion for every true Christian has a completely different meaning than what the non-Christians persons mean. Besides, Christians for centuries were using the term ‘evangelization’ and conversion as co-related. But PCLM, right at the outset has deliberately equated conversion and evangelization to avoid confusion in our sharing and discussions.
Christians all over the world are clear as to what they mean by conversion/evangelization. Yet, in India conversion has a lot of misgivings. We have to exercise tolerance, patience and wisdom. Conversion/evangelization is a matter ‘of conscience’. Obviously the Christian conscience will feel hurt in situations like passing of stringent ordinances, as it has happened in the cases of ordinances passed by the Government of Tamil Nadu and Gujarat.
These ordinances should be ‘eye openers’. Indian Christians should realize that all is not well with the way Peters, Christians Leaders, various churches are going about their mission to evangelize. Peters and Church leaders were caught off guard. Most Indian Church leaders presented vague arguments and lame excuses as per their own vested interest and theological jargon.
My address for the topic on ‘Dalit Christian in the context of Conversion” is divided into three parts:
The pre-conversion/ evangelization scenario for any non-Jewish/pagan land and for India in particular.
The post-conversion/ evangelization scenario for Dalit Christians and the various dramas and games played by Peters/Church leaders.
Towards a solution for Dalit Christians in India.
Part one
Part One: The pre-conversion/evangelization scenario in any Pagan Land:
To make ‘the pre-conversion /evangelization scenario’, sound more simply we ask ourselves the question: how did evangelization begin? And a related question: who began evangelization and why?
The Jews as per their biblical experience rightly held they were the chosen race. They have ample evidence for the same. All other peoples were put in the bracket of non-Jew, meaning ‘not chosen’ or Pagan. To come quickly to the point, as to who started evangelization and what it meant to persons at the time of Jesus. We rely on some well-known biblical device called ‘sitz in Leben Jesu’ or what ‘good news’ meant in the time of Jesus. This mission proclamation of Jesus’ is central for evangelization.
This solemn mission declaration is well described in the Gospel of St. Luke.Ch.4: 14-19. I am just quoting one sentence from the whole text but the note whole passage is very important for our constant reflection and sharing. In fact every Dalit Christian should learn it by heart. “The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he has anointed me to bring the ‘ good news’ to the poor”. Luke. 4:18. And intimately connected with this ‘good news’ the proclamation of the year of remission. And the very important word and sentence described in Lk.4: 19. I read slowly and stress the word ‘year’ (reads) “ to proclaim the ‘year’ of God’s favour.”
It is utmost importance to known what is this ‘year of favour/remission’ means. Confer Leviticus Ch. 25: 1- 55, Deuteronomy Ch. 15:1-18 and Deu. 31:9-11.  I give three very important texts, which every Dalit Christian should read again and again. I repeat, yes again and again because all Peters, Church leaders never heard of it. Our proof is because even the most powerful Roman Peter is totally ignorant of this very important proclamation. Confer Jubilee Disaster a document sent to Pope John Paul II, Dated. 17-9-2000 and ‘Church Restoration’ (CR-Aug’03 issue) document for internmentship for Pope John Paul II in Jerusalem. The Bible mentions that ‘Adam and Eve’ was sent out of the garden into exile. So it is just and biblical that the Pope and Peters leave ‘their paradise’ and get interned for the grave sins against the poor of Yahweh. Confer ‘Church Restoration’ Issue of Aug-03. For India, an Intermentship programme for the Petrine levites in Bangalore, Ranchi and Shillong.
Now to come to understand ‘evangelization and Pagan’ meant to Historical Peter and Paul and Jewish Christians in the early Church. Once again we rely on the technical term, ‘sitz in leben early Church’. It will surprise many in this august assembly that present Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, etc thus practically the whole of Europe and Asia Minor etc. was considered ‘pagan lands’ or as peoples and land where the’ good news’ was to be proclaimed…. as the gospel put it to the ‘very ends of the world’.
The early Christian community was ‘exclusively Jewish’s’. It was only after the death and resurrection of Christ that St. Paul opened the gates of Christianity, namely spread of the ‘good news’ (evangelization) to the whole non-Jewish world: called Pagans/non-Jews/Gentiles. The term ‘Pagan’ meant non-Jews. It was not a derogative term as it is now. Nor was Pagan peoples or lands understood as lands ‘to be conquered’ as understood by Successive Peters or Church leaders. St. Paul clearly stated with the event of ‘ the death and resurrection’ the classical division of Jews and Gentiles, (non-Jews) loses it significance ‘ all are made one in Christ’.
Hence there is a world of difference between what the historical Peter and Paul understood by this mission called “spread of the gospel” to the non-Jews and what meaning is attached to it by successive Peters or Church leaders.
Historically, ‘this band of small Judeo Christians” was in minority, almost insignificant minority for almost three centuries. They faced immense persecutions. Obviously, there was no clear-cut agenda for evangelization as later Successive Peters formalized, dogmatised and sanctified conversion for their own selfish interests. Briefly, it can be stated that in the in the ‘ early church’ there is sufficient proof to show that evangelization implies no conquest of peoples, no imposition of any kind.
And note practically the whole world was ‘ pagan’. And the only handbooks ‘these true apostles’ possessed for these three centuries were some authorized form of the ‘three synoptics’ and St. John’s gospel’ gospels. Note the epistles of St. Paul and all other epistles were not classified as ‘Good News’. But scholarly Pagan Christians in ‘later editions’ included these ‘explanations and letters’ into a corpus and cleverly termed it all: ‘new testament’. Thus began the mother of all biblical aberrations.
Poor Pagan Christians believe that these divisions are eternally true divisions and compilations of ‘complete Bible’. These same Pagan scholars cleverly complied various ‘inspirational books’ and thus in gem was the ‘later bulky bible’ as books of ‘old and new testament’. Thus Jesus’ mission proclamation of the Jubilee implementation was eternally diluted.
Hence it is important to know that ‘early apostles’ Jewish Christians had only meager ‘handwritten’ documents’ of the ‘good news’. This is verily ‘stark brevity’ of early church.
Present Pagan Peters supply their evangelizers with a ‘Bulky Bible’, and with every new translator a more sophisticated form of what ‘they consider’ to be the  ‘Bible’.(Confer Catholic edition and Protestant editions) This ‘bulky book’ they say is the ‘true version’. The real truth is soon forgotten that it was for their convenience and self-interest they divided this ‘bulky book’ in two divisions. Old Testament and New Testament. Over the centuries this  ‘Bulky Pagan Bible’ is   translated in umpteen languages and with lengthy introductions, explanations, fake headings, and fake classifications, fake interpretations, thus the ‘Bible’ is so disfigured that the ‘good news’ is eternally lost.
This ‘Bulky Bible’ spelt disaster for the stark brevity of the ‘good news’. Obviously this ‘distorted compendium’ was made to suit later Pagan Christian traditions, dogmas, documents, rites and rituals. And then there was no looking back to additions and additions, aberrations and total disfiguration of what originally evangelization meant.
Now the modern evangelizer has to take as gospel truth the divisions of Pagan Popes that the Bible has been division neatly into “old testament and new testament” and the modern evangelizer has to cram up Pagan theological treatises, read pagan Church history, get acquainted with various Pagan Christian traditions, rites and rituals and thus ‘wonder and stark brevity’ of the gospels (four and only four) is completely lost.
The early Jewish Christians must be turning in their graves at this disfigurement of ‘Torah’ and ‘Dabar Yahweh’. The stark brevity of the ‘good news’, possessed by early apostles in some ‘oral form’ or ‘early handwritten records’ of the ‘four gospels’, is forever lost. It is pure Pagan Peters concoction that the ‘bulky bible’ forms an eternal compendium/corpus for evangelization/conversion.
In conclusion, it can be safely stated that just a cursory glance of ‘ Jesus’ mission and the early church’s’ mission of evangelization is sufficient to give us an idea how aberrations and distortions crept into what is ‘sacredly’ known as evangelization/conversion. For the purpose of this seminar it suffices to get acquainted with this pre- evangelization/conversion scenario.
Dalit Christians valid questions are: What right have any Roman Peter or any Pagan Peter to impose another meaning to ‘good news ‘ other than what Jesus meant and what the early Church meant? And further, what ‘right’ has any nation be it, Italy, Spain, France, Germany or any so called ‘Christian nations’ to impose dogmas, rites, rituals, traditions etc especially since they too were ‘pagan peoples’? Further, are the modern Roman Peters or any other Christian Peter, just implementing a distorted form of evangelization, which Dalit Christians rightly call an eternal slavery Programme? These questions are based on the praxis of Dalit Christians who face ‘double discrimination’. It is the Dalit Christians, who are ‘freely, frankly and fearlessly’ questioning Peters of all hues. These questions, (in retrospect) are been continually asked through PCLM’s magazine “ Christian Post”. See issues Nov.2003 to Nov. 2004.
In this first section we have clarified what Pagan/ Gentile means. And more important what evangelization means. To simply matters I stress the equation I made earlier. Truly evangelization is conversion and conversion is evangelization. Meaning one who is evangelized knows the year of remission and knows that he has to implement the Jubilee Laws. Confer the three important texts. And truly ‘implementations of the Jubilee Laws’ is evangelization. If Peters can implement the Jubilee laws then evangelization is taking place.
Now it can be safely stated that all successive Peters, and Peters of all hues were ‘mere Pagan Peters’. And it is clear that ‘Pagan Popes’ care two hoots for true conversion and evangelization. Hence another valid question can be asked at this juncture: who is converting/evangelizing whom? Day in and day out from the Grand Jubilee year 2000 PCLM and other Dalit Christians in India have been proclaiming to the ‘Pagan Peters’ of all hues that their Jubilee Year commitment is mere farce. Thus it is the Dalit Christians who are truly converting and evangelizing the Pagan Popes or Peters.
Part two:
The post-conversion scenario for any non-Jewish/pagan land and the various drama/games played by Peters/Church leaders.
The documentation for this section is so vast and so diligently preserved by successive Peters and their Pagan scholars. These documents are popularly known as ‘ Church History’. It is the detailed history ad nauseam of how dogmas, rites and rituals and various Pagan Peter churches evolved, separated and formed their own ecclesial traditions, custom, and most important for the Catholic Peters is what is enunciated by the Supreme Pontiff for his vast flock – ‘a universal law, a sanctified called the canon law’. This law was and is and will be implemented in letter and spirit. This canon law is more sacred than Jesus’ mission proclamation and Jubilee implementation. Hence what remains to understood, studied and reflected for Dalit Christians praxis is the various dramas/games played by Peters of all hues in this post evangelical period. The period from the third century till the present times.
Obviously it is not within the scope of this seminar that Dalit Christians have a complete description of the 3 dramas/games played. Hence for the purpose of the seminar I have highlighted some important dramas; and for the purpose of our discussion now and later in the field I have divided these PP dramas of conversion into two divisions: ‘Pagan Peters greater conversion dramas/games’ and Pagan Peters lesser conversion games/dramas’.
The division of greater drama and lesser drama are not in any chronological order and not even in logical order merely at random. Nor are we saying dogmatically the ‘greater are greater and lesser are lesser’. The division is just for reflection sake. A scholarly approach is beyond the scope of this seminar. ‘Give to Caesar what is Caesars’. It is for our ideologues, writers, as and when the need arises to collate, classify and present in a readable form their relevant findings and be challenged in the ‘praxis’ of the Dalit Christians.
A: Some greater dramas played by Pagan Peters.
Pagan Peters holier than thou game:
Right at the outset of Christianity Pagan Peters considered themselves ‘martyrs for the faith’ confer the term ‘ the blood of martyrs’. Or it was ‘cleverly done’ later but at their behest so that ‘posterity also pays due respect to them. Thus first Successive Pagan Peter was a saint and ‘then there were more and more’- a whole list of them. Confer the ‘ link of Pagan Popes’ prepared under Pagan Popes guidance. This list is made to frighten the laity Christians forever.  The preeminent sanctity of the Pagan Popes is almost a dogma of faith. Pagan Peters have prepared a formidable list of saints and their achievements. Pope John Paul II, the present pagan pope has canonized hundred of new saints during his papacy.
Obviously, this ‘holier than thou game’ put Christianity on sandy and shaky foundation’; and the worst scenario is and ironically too, the Pagan Peters were and are Pharisees par excellence. It is the Dalit ideologue Noel David who dares to call a spade a spade Confer his voluminous writings (unpublished), which prove that “Pagan Peters are indeed the real Pharisees of Gospel”. It was only recently in Church History that the Pagan Popes took charge dogma of infallibility, from thence there was no looking back. Eminent church theologians are charged with dire consequences if doubts arise about the supremacy of the Pope. Hence pagan popes were the first culprits to dilute “ Jesus’ mission” with their holier than thou attitude. Who has dared at any time in the history of Christianity to remind the Pagan Popes of the implementation of the Jubilee laws every seven years, every fifty years and every hundred years, and every thousand years? Which Christian has dared to call them Pharisees? Or by any apocalyptic titles name like the ‘great fiery dragon’, the Anti-Christ, the terrible beast with the number 6666? Such naming indeed would have a salutary effect on the ‘Pagan Peters’ as has ‘gehenna in the gospels’.
The ostrich game of pagan Peters:
Like in the game of chess the Pagan Peter are heavily guarded. Any amount of pawns can be sacrificed for the PP. Just the opposite of what is expected of a true shepherd. On the contrary Vatican City heavily guards its Pagan Peter; and there is the formidable Vatican Curia to prevent him from any dogmatic harm. Compare this with Jesus, the true shepherd “ready to lay down his life for his sheep”. It is well known that the Pope is a mere “Prisoner of the Vatican”. Wherever checkmated he has a ‘huge blanket of Christian goodwill’ to justify whatever he does. His ostrich-like attitude is no secret anymore.
Dalit Christian Shri. Ram Bharati, a noted filmmaker, journalist, and social activist while preparing his documentary, ‘In search for self-respect’ has captured and preserved the ostrich-like attitude of Bishop Concessio, the present Bishop of New Delhi.
Can such Pagan Peters lead their sheep and know their flock? Jesus said: “I am the good shepherd .I know my own and my own know me just as the Father knows me and I know the Father. And I lay down my life for my sheep”. (Jn: 10:15) In their secure palace ‘jubilee commitment’ is ‘Torah rubbish.’ And old covenant law.
Dalit ideologue, Mr. Kirit Mahida, in the magazine published from Anand, Gujarat called the “Prabudh Catholic”, has fully exposed the travesty of these so-called ‘good shepherds’. There is one full regular section entitled “chet machander gorak aya”. In ordinary parlance for our purpose here it means: ‘Beware, fake shepherds are on the prowl’. It is unfortunate that all this material is in Gujarati. An English and Hindi translation of the erudite issues of ‘Prabudh Catholic’ would be a boon for Dalit Christian literature.
The sacramental game and the Tower of Babel game:
The sacramental game is one of the biggest drama/game for the eternal continuance of the Roman Catholic Clergy. Thus the Catholic Clergy are fixed in a ‘permanent jubilee state’. The seven sacraments being formalized and sanctified ‘as if’ sacramental life is heaven on earth! There is automatically an eternal flow of grace.
“Blessed are the Roman Catholic clergy the kingdom of God’s is theirs.” The Pagan Popes proclaims that there is
ne and only one Christian beatitude and that also ‘only for clergy’. In this scenario how can we expect to explain to Catholic Clergy that it is the implementation of jubilee “every seven years” etc that is of prime importance and not the seven sacraments of the Pagan Peters.
The Christian Liturgy is a tower of Babel experience. One has to attend the Sunday liturgical services. There is a reading, just few sentences from Old Testament and then a solemn one from the New Testament. (Note all stand up!!) Most important is the “Sunday commentary” of the gospel, popularly known as the sermon. These babelings differs from Parish to Parish, from state to state and nation to nation. Isn’t this a veritable ‘Tower of Babel’? Catholic laity never shows any disgust of their pastor’s absurd and lengthy interpretations of sacred scripture. Nay, they go enlightened over the new and ever newer interpretations of the Bible from their wise pastors. And above all, Catholic laity prefers to congregate in these Tower of Babel churches.
The laity wishes to remain laity. They wish to live in an eternal state of ignorance of the Bible-The living word of God. For Catholics, ‘the interpretation of the Bible given by Pagan Peter is absolutely true’. And Pagan Popes and their clergy have never ever spoken of the implementation of such Jubilee laws every seven years. Such Laws will be like Greek to them; and they would even dare to guess, without checking for themselves that such laws are indeed absurd laws. And dare to say that such laws should not be mentioned in the Bible. Obviously ‘their Pagan Pope’ will never approve of such laws of the perfidious Jews.
Pagan Peters’ manpower, wealth power and muscle power drama:
This is one of the early drama played by pagan Peters. It was Constantine who exercised this drama to the fullest at an early stage and thus distorted evangelization and Jubilee implementation down the ages. In early Christianity Pagan Kingly Peters simply ridiculed the ‘implementation of Jubilee laws’ since the practice of slavery was rampant. Later as ‘Christianity progressed’ and grew into a powerful body it was the pagan Popes who successfully exercised great muscle power and wealth power. Hence it is very strange that even at a very early stage of ‘church history’ no so called ‘important ecclesial council’, later solemnly called the ecumenical Council ever treated the subject of Jesus mission and implementation of the Jubilee laws.
Pagan Peters’ invention of ever-sophisticated traditions, rites and customs.
The early church Jewish Christians had to adapt themselves to the culture of the Romans, Greeks, and Syrians. Each of these major evangelized areas had their own tradition, rites and rituals. This began the first religious disparities, disputes due to cultural affinities.  Thus in the treatment of these non-issues the ‘real issues’ of constant seven yearly review of the implementation so strongly recommended by Mosaic Law were easily forgotten as not essential to Pagan Christianity.
Pagan Peter’s drama of replacing simple synagogual meeting and form independent “Churches” and its own unique liturgy.
This in retrospect was the most harmful game played by Pagan Peters. It was in these long periods of ‘lived Christianity’ that Pagan Peters discovered that ‘people are enjoy being gullible’ and hence they began by introduction of a harmless tradition like ‘agape sessions’, ‘baptism of children’, and ‘marriage in the church’ as per sensibilities and customs of the people. Now the Roman Catholics have a formidable and full-fledged ‘seven sacraments sacred tradition’. Thus Pagan Peters introduced the mother of all aberrations liturgy, ritual and rites. Significantly, in none of these seven sacraments any mention is made the Christian’s most important commitment to implementation of the Jubilee laws.
Pagan Peters Media game:
This game is a mind-boggling game. The Pagan Peters are past masters in media matters. All other parties in Media are mere novices and will remain novices. Just a few references will suffice to know the how great was, is and will be influence of Pagan Peters over the consciences of the so-called civilized world. Their Media policy is: ‘Roma locuta est’ and ‘gospel truth’.
Their publications of their encyclopedias, directories, books, journals, magazines etc. fill the world libraries. It will be fool-hardly for anyone to clash against these intellectual giants in Media matters. So give to Caesar what is Caesars and to Pagan Peters what is Pagan Peters. They are media magnates par excellence.
Dalit Christians are not going to engage themselves in a Media battle against the unbeatable Pagan Peters.  Yet in relation to the “ The Jubilee mission of Jesus” and ‘conversion and evangelization’ the Dalit Christians reserve their right to engage themselves in this crucial battle. Hence PCLM envisages the publication of this  “stark brevity” document as its prime duty. We wish to supply the same to all Dalits in India, Pakistan, Nepal, Myanmar and Sri Lanka and among all peoples, nations of goodwill.
Varied Pagan Peters Provisions for divide and rule;
Pagan Peters discovered that they had to ‘give recognition’ to rival Pagan Peters. Very early they learnt ‘cake sharing’ is a safe policy, so Roman churches gave ‘recognition’ to Greek Churches and Syrian churches. It goes without saying that this division of Christianity is a division of convenience and preservation of ‘flock fleecing right’. If the common bond of these Pagan Christian Churches had been the ‘mission of Jesus and the Jubilee implementation then such‘ Christian flock division’ would seem redundant. A Christian in Rome, Greece, Asia Minor, would be known by his Jubilee commitment ‘every seven years’. But there is no record of any ‘jubilee implementation programme’ in any Roman Peter, Greek Peter or Syrian Peter Church.
Now to come to the section of lesser dramas played by Pagan Peters with special reference to the Indian scene:
Part three:
B. The Lesser Dramas/ games played by PP.
Pagan Peter missionaries with manpower and money:
Practically all ‘powerful Pagan Peter nations’ invaded India with a programme called ‘conversion’. It was and is a real onslaught. They had manpower and money power unmatched in the history of mankind. Even now the ‘biggest globalization business’ is conversion. Confer Tehelka report of …… This unabashed programme is an off- shoot of the earlier Pagan Peters aberrations. In India, the ‘so called conversion programme’ had an additional advantage/disadvantage the low castes or Dalits.
Within a comparatively short period of two hundred years, a large number of Dalits has become Christians. But soon Dalit Christians realized that they were taken for a ride. Dalit Christians are a formidable two crore people, who have raised the ‘real issue of conversion and evangelization’. PCLM spared no effort ‘ at the right time’ to make a hue and cry through its media intervention and effort. Never before in any Pagan Peters History Peters of all hues have been challenged. It was precisely in the grand millennium year 2000 that PPs (Pagan Peters) were caught off guard as to their real Christian commitment. And these are the famed Indian Pagan Peters, under well-known church titles like CBCI; NCCI etc these IPPs (Indian Pagan Peters) were totally ignorant of the ‘ Jubilee programme’ for Dalit Christians. Confer the whole shameful IPP political interventions in reservation for Dalit Christian issue. The Indian newspapers have preserved all its details from the year 1950 to this day.
The game of the mushrooming of Tantric Peters:
As if the organized gang of Indian Pagan Peters is not sufficient for the conversion programme, the gullible Dalit Christians have to constantly face the on slaught of Tantric Peters. These Tantric Peters are supermen and have supernatural powers. They lay their hands on the suffering, they heal, and they perform miracles and what not. The mouthpiece of the CBCI ‘ Indian Currents’ often gives the names and places where such Catholic Tantric Peters perform their feats. Confer last page (cover) ads. Strange even Catholicism has its own brand of Tantric Peters to misguide Dalit Christians in India. But it is a real sight to seen other Indian Tantric Peters of the Protestant stream in action. If you are interested in such Tantric Peters programmes you have to carefully read the ads in the Indian newspapers. These Tantric Peters literally prowl in all major towns and have a large following. Strangest of all, these Tantric Peters never ever make any reference to who is to be a “true Christian”- or Christian’s jubilee commitment every seven years.  These Tantric Peters carry away a big booty from these sessions in terms of ‘ good will for conversion’. Besides they are funded by powerful Pagan Peters of rich nations like U.S.A. etc.
The Sadhuvad or Parasite game:
India is a land of millions and millions of ‘sadhus. This helps us to understand what ‘Sadhuvad’ is. Sadhus practice renunciation and detachment as per the religious tradition and commitment enshrined in their sacred writings. These ‘sadhus ‘ have to be fed and taken care off by the common populace. So they are best described as parasites living at someone’s expense. The famed Dalit ideologue Noel David, PCLM’s Gujarat representative, in his speech in the seminar of 2002 told the gathering solemnly that ‘ the Church leaders are living in a parasite age’. Especially for the Catholic Clergy there is an eternal, inexhaustible fund. Only these parasites have to perform ‘certain clergy duties’ and that also rarely. It goes without saying that the ‘vows of poverty, chastity and obedience’ makes them fit perfectly in the Sadhuvad system. No doubt the Indian Syrian Christians is at home in this parasite system. All religious orders, congregations for provinces/dioceses in Indian are flooded with vocations to become parasites. This huge band of clergy are well trained and well fed. Not a word is ever said of the ‘jubilee commitment’ during their life’. They die gloriously and are buried with much fanfare. Invariably an obituary appears about their exemplary religious life in their local magazines etc.
The Pagan Peters Addas game:
In India, Church leadership has been running more than 40,000 health, educational, and other social welfare organizations. After the Government of India the largest portion of land belongs to Christian bodies. The Church owns these vast well-furnished Addas. These Addas cater to the needs of the affluent and elite section. Wonder jubilee commitment! Not every seven years but day in and day out. Dalit Christians are asking for the crumbs that fall off from these Addas.  Jubilee implementation is unheard of and so is ‘even just an mere ‘Educational Council’! For Dalits.
Who can bell these cats? The entire wealth of the Pagan Peters is in the hands of the high class Christians. Christian money, their real estates are being used day and day out for the betterment of the affluent. A more ironical situation cannot be imagined in the context of the jubilee commitment.
Sheep stealing game of PP (Pagan Peters )in India:
This game makes a real mockery of what ‘ Christianity really is or stands for’. In this game is revealed what ‘conversion means to Pagan Peters in India ’. To enhance their numbers Church leaders and independent Evangelists are performing multiple baptisms of the already ‘baptized Christian’. The only difference is they now belong to another group of Pagan Peters. Such conversions are a lucrative business. There is ample evidence that such games are being played by Indian Pagan Peters. The recent records of  “conversions” show that the proportion of such ‘sheep stealing conversion’ is much larger than conversion from other religions.
The Hindi belt of Northern area is most suitable for this sheep stealing game. In the past the sheep stealers were the followers of the Salvation Army, Church of Northern India, (CNI), Methodists, Lutheran Church and Evangelical Church. But after Independence the scenario has changed, Catholics and Protestants have indulged in sheep stealing in the name of true evangelization. When will the even supposedly genuine Christians know what ‘evangelization and conversion’ means?
The crocodile tears game of Indian Pagan Peters.
When conversions fail to happen with their ordinary means, the IPP shamelessly resorts to the crocodile tears game. This drama took place at the Durban Conference of the United Nations in 2001! A cursory glance at the list of delegates from India would give anyone a fair idea that it was ‘the IPP rich delegates’ who went to shed crocodile tears for grave injustice meted out to their Dalits in India.
It was a big drama of tear in a powerful venue at Durban. That their tears were a mere farce is borne out fact of their commitment to the Dalit cause at home. The Indian Dalit organizations are flooded by IPP. It is they, who back in India are in reality are indulging in grave injustice to their own Dalit brethren numbering two crores. Thus with their fake tears they won the ‘good will’ of United Nations. Confer full reports in Indian Currents…December 2001
The hide and seek game of IPP The chief Pagan Pope has created a Vatican to play the hide and seek game. In India “Vatican palaces are stretched over the length and breath of the vast country. Obviously grand ‘hiding place for secret conferences for conversion program .The IPP are ‘notoriously absent’ from their diocese or their prime duty as chief pastor.  A tragico-humorous case of the “ lost shepherd”(khovayelo bharvad) was reported in the magazine ‘ Prabudh Catholic’. The case needs to be mentioned here because this ‘lost shepherd’ is no other than the present Archbishop of Gandhinagar, Rt. Rev. Stanislaus Fernandes S.J. For all his hide and seek games he plays, he is promoted in the hierarchy of IPP in predominantly Dalit Christian Gujarat.
The Bishop is a ‘mere overseer’. In India princes and kings have disappeared yet new brand of princes of IPP rule the roast. They are the most sought persons for all social, religious and cultural functions.
The liberation of Dalit “Conversion Game”:
Some Church sponsored organizations have started presenting conversion as the only way towards so- called liberation of the Dalits. Some time ago there were reports of the so-called Sikh in Chhattisgarh and Punjab. There was another report from the South of Tamil Nadu that some two hundred and fifty (250) youth of the scheduled Castes have been able to find the path of liberation through effort of the Seventh Day Adventist. What sort of Jubilee liberation is this? Obviously Dalits of India are becoming a vast goldmine for conversion and the Church leadership in India is ready for the digging out the booty.
The Mel Gibson’s Passion Play Game and Passion Plays in Christian Parishes
The Mel Gibson’s passion film only made one more skeleton fall of out the bags of Pagan Peters. It is no secret that the Pagan Pope ‘Recommended this Passion play Film’. But passion plays have been in vogue for several centuries.
The whole game in passion plays is putting the blame of Jesus’ death on the Jews, thus forgetting the real issues. It is very clear from Gibson’s depiction of the Jesus’ sufferings that he played on the sentiments of the Christians. For Jesus, his passion and death are a non-issue. Mel Gibson shows ad nauseam the sufferings of Jesus and his death on the cross. Is this the central message of Christianity?
Then in Christian countries, in Christian Kerela there are the passion plays etc and especially on “Good Friday” a grand Good Friday service to play on the religious sentiments of the people. From the fruit one knows the tree. It is well known in Syrian Christian Kerela that no Jew dares to get out on the streets on Good Friday…least he be…. Are these services for merely to put the blame on the Jews? Or further are these services just a play on the sentiment of pious Christians to show how much Jesus, Our Lord and Master suffered for mankind. Is this suffering the central message of Jesus? Definitely no.
Jesus has a special message for Mel Gibson and the Syrian Christians of Kerela and Christians who make a non-issue of his passion and death. Jesus says in no unambiguous terms: the he has come to proclaim the year of remission and release of those in bondage.  This means that : the declaration of the year of remission and the Jubilee laws are central for Jesus.
Christians should not indulge in cheap interpretations. PCLM advices Christians not to reduce the passion and death to sentimentality shows, or make business of such depictions, or create non-issues of his death and passion and resurrection.
PCLM’s real question to filmmakers and Passion Play producers is: Why aren’t there films, plays on Jubilee mission of Jesus?  Why isn’t there among Christians a real Mel Gibson to depict the Jubilee mission? Why isn’t there a film on Jubilee year implementation so central to Jesus and all Christians?
The Indian Syrian stranglehold game:
It is a well published fact that a mere 30% of the Indian Syrian Christian have a complete stranglehold on 70% Dalit Christians. Confer news in Dalit Voice Nov. 2001. Also confer the seminar proceeding of the PCLM  (April 2002). Are the Indian Syrian Christians ready to come for a dialogue and sort of this key issue? Obviously it is a big game, even after so much publicity given. The enemies within the Christian community are the worst.
Edited by
