ST. XAVIER'S PARISH Church Navrangpura Church Ahmedabad Church India
 
   Home | Our Patron Saint |     Our Parish | Mass Timings | Offerings | Contact
Our Parish
In 1949 Fr. Edwin Pinto, S.J. was nominated to the  newly-created See of Ahmedabad, and retained Mt.  Carmel Church,  Mirzapur as his official seat.  Automatically Mt.   Carmel Church  became Mt. Carmel Cathedral, Mirzapur, Ahmedabad.
At that time, Mt. Carmel Parish had a vibrant  Christian Community largely because of two schools within its territorial  limits: Mt. Carmel Convent for girls, and St. Xavier’s School for boys.  The schools were owned and run by religious  congregations, and were reckoned among the elite schools of Ahmedabad.  Although non-Catholics students were admitted  to these schools, the foremost beneficiaries were the Catholic students of  Ahmedabad.  Quality education helped  raise their religious, social and economic status.
Mt. Carmel Convent and St. Xavier’s School closely  interacted with the Parish.  As time went  on, more and more Catholics took up residence in the vicinity  of the Cathedral: some, the Latin Catholics  who were a spillover from Goa, Mangalore, and Bombay:  others, the neo-Catholics, who gravitated to the metropolis from various parts  of Gujarat.  In spite of ethnic differences the parishioners were a close-knit  Christian Community.  Their pastors and  assistants were equally assiduous in their concern for the spiritual needs of  the parishioners, the administration of the sacraments, and the care of the  sick and infirm.
This happy state of affairs continued well into the  late sixties.  Meanwhile the lay-out of  Ahmedabad began to change.  With the  commissioning of Nehru bridge, the east and west banks of the Sabarmati were  linked more closely.  The city began very  rapidly to expand westward.  Housing  societies and colonies sprang up overnight.  Prestigious institutions were on display: the Gujarat  University, The Indian Institute of Management, the Physical Research  Institute, The Indian Space Research Organisation, etc.  Among traditional educational institutes,  St. Xavier’s College, Mt. Carmel Convent, and Loyola School  competed with the best, and were in great demand by the citizens of Ahmedabad.
The new Ahmedabad was very different from the walled  city east of the Sabarmati.  The old city  had become increasingly congested, and was often torn apart by civil and  communal strife.  In order to contain  these, curfew  was imposed on the city,  imposing untold hardships on the people, filling them with fear, and making  them prisoners in their own homes.  To  escape these hardships, and the polluted air of the city, more and more people  sought refuge in the new city,  in homes purchased with easily-available loans.
Catholics were not behind the rest in their quest for  greener pastures.  When St. Xavier’s  College was established in 1956, no more than three families lived in its  vicinity.  By the late seventies this  number had swollen to more than 300, resident in homes adjacent to Loyola Hall  and St. Xavier’s College.
The largest ethnic group was the Keralites.  They were part of the diaspora, resulting  from a lack of jobs in their home state, and opportunities that beckoned in the  middle-east, affluent Indian states, and the world at large.  As a community the Keralites manifested a  remarkable upward mobility and initiative.  Their numbers grew rapidly, as they invited their poor relations to  participate in the job market of Gujarat.  The Keralites constituted about 50% of the  Catholics, the Latin Catholics about 30% and the Gujarati Catholics about 20%.
In 1982 Bishop Charles Gomes validated St. Xavier’s  College and Loyola Hall as Mass Centres.  The Drive-in Theater Road  which runs east to west was the demarcating line.  Catholics living north of the line would be  the concern of the Loyola Jesuit Community, those living south of it, the  concern of St. Xavier’s.
Fr. Joe Braganza, S.J. was appointed as the  Priest-in-charge of St. Xavier’s.  As  such he had no canonical status, not even that of an assistant pastor.  His appointment was more in the nature of a  chaplain to a community within the confines of the Cathedral parish.  He kept no independent registers for  baptisms, and births, and deaths.  These  were recorded in Mt.   Carmel’s books.  He provided the Faithful with the convenience  of Sunday and Festive Masses, confessions, devotional practices, communion to  the sick and dying, marriage counseling, training for First Communion, etc. and  was authorized to raise money from the “Parishioners” for services and the  upkeep of the Mass Centre.  In all these  services he was generously assisted by the Jesuit Communities of Premal Jyoti  and St. Xavier’s College.
In 1992 Bishop Stanislaus Fernandes raised St.  Xavier’s to the status of an independent parish.  He appointed Fr. Francis Parmar, S.J. parish  priest, and Fr. Mangalam S.J. as his assistant.  The new parish did not have a church of its own, and continued to use  the chapels of St. Xavier’s and Premal Jyoti for religious services.
From its inception as a Mass Centre to its elevation  as a full-fledged Parish, St. Xavier’s was beset with problems.  Possessing no church of its own, it had often  to adjust to the two institutions which nurtured it, and while there was  cooperation and trust at the highest level, church services had necessarily to  take second place to the needs and obligations of the host institutions.
But a more serious problem was the interaction of the  three major ethnic groups: the Keralites, Latin Catholics, and Gujarati  Catholics.  The culture of these groups  was so diverse that there was hardly a point of contact.
A multilinguistic Christmas Mass or Easter service  appeased none of the groups, and separate services for each group certainly  detracted from the unicity of the Church.  Language was, indeed, a problem.  Gujarati should, by reason of its locality,  have ceded to no other language.  However, it was the mother-tongue of barely 20% of the  parishioners.  English, as a national  language, had a measure of authenticity: but here again it was mother tongue to  a minority of 30%.  And Malayalam, mother  tongue to 50% of the parishioners, was quite incomprehensible to the rest of  the congregation.  As a compromise, the  spiritual  needs of the Keralites were  attended to by a specially appointed chaplain to the community – a kind of  personal jurisdiction within the juridical confines of the parish.
Instead of the above differences becoming  more pronounced with time, they began to  blur.  An English education ironed them  out.  All the Keralites opted for an  English education for their children, and more and more Guajrati Catholics  opted for the same.  The new breed of  parishioners, if not equally fluent in English and Gujarati, were able to  comprehend both languages, and some of the younger ones favoured English over  their mother tongue.
The evolution of the Multilanguage culture may be  observed in the parish choir.  Earlier  there used to be two, if not three, separate choirs.  Now there is just one.  The choristers sing Gujarati and English  hymns with equal gusto and verve.  And  readings, whether in Gujarati or English, are comprehensible to the vast  majority of the congregation.
Given the parish’s dependency on the chapels of  Premal Jyoti and St. Xavier’s College as places of worship, and the  inconveniences of such an arrangement, it was a priority of the newly-erected  parish to have a place of worship and prayer-hall all its own.  The process was set in motion when Fr.  Francis Parmar, S.J. assumed charge of the parish in 1992.  He was overburdened with responsibilities,  and accepted the additional charge till a full-timer was found for the position.  In this he had the support of the Provincial  of the Gujarat Jesuits.  Fr. Francis term  of office lasted three years.
He was succeeded by Fr. Freddy D’Souza, S.J. who was  appointed Parish Priest of St. Xavier’s in 1995.  Fr. Freddy came with excellent  credentials.  A priest of boundless energy,  he was equally fluent in English, Gujarati and Concanim.  He possessed a well-modulated, resonant voice  pleasant to the ears.  In addition he was  affable and sociable.  It was during his  tenure that the  new parish was  officially entrusted “in perpetuity” to the Jesuits.
The present prayer-hall of St.  Xavier’s passed through several phases till it reached its finished form.  In 1993, the Jesuit Provincial of Gujarat,  formally invited Mr. Errol Reubens to be the architect of the proposed  church.  Originally it was planned to  have a community hall in the basement with a prayer hall on the ground floor,  much like that of Premal Jyoti and the Cathedral.  But before the plans were finalized,  stringent new building norms were enacted by the Municipal Corporation, and the  plans had to be modified to meet the new requirements.
It looked like the project would never take off the  ground; but persistence paid off.  Under  the leadership of their youthful and enthusiastic pastor and an equally  enthusiastic parish council, a collection drive for the new church was initiated.  The stone of the new church  was laid at a simple ceremony on 3rd December, 1996.  Fr. Freddy did not see the church in its  present form as he was transferred in June 2001.  But he had secured the goodwill of the  present Jesuit Provincial who committed himself to contribute Rs.100,00,000/-  for the church.  He expected the  parishioners to raise Rs.50,00,000/- over and above a large donation from the  Gujarat Sahitya Prakash of the Rs.10,00,000/-.  When Fr. Lawrence Lobo, S.J. took charge of  the parish on 10-06-2001  the expected contribution of the parishioners fell short by Rs.10 lacs.
Fr. Lawrence ‘s faith in his people is  unshakeable.  Given the generosity of his  parishioners he knows that they will keep to their share of the bargain, and  that the present church will always remain a monument to the faith of his  flock.
Already, parishioners, who abandoned the high-rise  chapel of St. Xavier’s for reasons of health or infirmity, are back to their parent  church.  One can sense a new vitality;  and a growth in the number of worshippers.  Their number is expected to further increase as more and more Catholics  abandon the Cathedral parish and head for the west bank.  Already the number of families has crossed  the 560 mark.  This poses a new  challenge.  But given Fr. Lawrence’s  dynamism and commitment, there is every reason to believe he will meet it  head on.
The Church Building
"The Church has not adopted any particular style of art as her own. The art of our own times from every race and country shall also be given free scope in the Church, provided it bring to the task the reverence and honor due to the sacred buildings and rites".
- Sacrosanctum Concilium , no. 123
The principles of modern liturgical "spaces," later embodied in the Bishops' Committee on the Liturgy document of 1978, is expressed in the Church of Xavier's parish. The architect, Mr Errol Reubens a native of Ahmedabad, himself a convert married to a catholic wished to express the    immensity of God. Hhe designed this Church with wide and high ceilings, soaring walls, towering windows, and a dramatic alter which dominates and catches   the eye as soon as one enters through the mammoth main door.  On the wall facing the main door is the crucifix.  The Crucifix    shows the Risen Christ -  and an Indian one. With a dhoti trimmed with gold zari and a flowing angavastram around his shoulders. The face of this Risen Christ is singularly beautiful, tender, yet demanding of the viewer. The face radiates love and demands that that love should be returned.
The Crucifix
The Crucifix was ordered from "Liturgical Images" Bandra, Mumbai. Sister Vimla   was instrumental in selecting the Crucifix. The Crucifix   is unique in its attractiveness. It towers above the congregation andlooks down upon the celebrant and the alter.
The Alter
The Alter was sculpted and designed by Mr. Rock and Mr. Ronald Sequiera well known sculptors and wood carvers from Bhasien. The frontal face of the alter depicts the Last Supper carved delicately in wood. The Lectern also designed and sculpted by them depicts the four apostles. The base of the alter and the Lectern are of sea green marble.
The Lectern
