Preparing for India & research
Christianity
Christianity is India’s third-largest religion, with approximately 24 million  followers, constituting 2.3% of India’s population. Christianity was perhaps introduced into India by Thomas the Apostle, who visited Muziris in Kerala in 52 CE to proselytize amongst Kerala’s Jewish settlements;  however this is widely disputed due to lack of credible historical  evidence. It has to be noted that historical evidence is always a problem of Indian history.
The Saint Thomas Christians still use  the Syriac language, (a dialect of Aramaic and so related to the language of Jesus)  in services. This group, which existed in Kerala relatively peacefully  for more than a millennium, faced considerable persecution from Portuguese evangelists in the 16th century.  This later wave of evangelism spread several denominations of  Christianity more widely.
Today Christians are found all across India and in all walks of life,  with major populations in parts of South  India, the Konkan Coast and the North-East. The Christian Church runs thousands of  educational institutions and hospitals and has contributed significantly  in the development of the nation. Most Christians in India are Catholic, (Latin rite). The Eastern rites  include the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church and the Syrian Orthodox church, which are prominent in Kerala. Other  churches include the Mar Thoma Syrian Church, Church of South India (CSI), the Church of North India (CNI), Indian Pentecostal Church and other evangelical groups.
Early  Christianity in India
According to Indian Christian traditions, Saint Thomas arrived in Kodungallur,  Kerala established the Seven  Churches and evangelized in present day Kerala and  Tamil  Nadu.
The renovated Mar Thoma Church, Kodungaloor; the first Christian church in India, which is believed to be built by St. Thomas in AD 52;
As with early Christianity in Europe,  the initial converts were largely Jewish proselytes among the Cochin  Jews who are believed to have arrived in India around 562BC, after  the destruction of the First Temple.  St. Thomas, who was also a Jew by birth, also spoke the same language, Aramaic. As in the earliest Christian groups (in  the near East) the earliest practices mixed many elements of  contemporary Judaism.
An early third-century Syriac work known as the Acts of Thomas connects the apostle’s Indian ministry with two kings, one in the north  and the other in the south. According to one of the legends in the Acts,  Thomas was at first reluctant to accept this mission, but the Lord  appeared to him in a night vision and said, “Fear not, Thomas. Go away  to India and proclaim the Word, for my grace shall be with you.”But the  Apostle still demurred, do the Lord overruled the stubborn disciple by  ordering circumstances so compelling that he was forced to accompany an  Indian merchant, Abbanes, to his native place in northwest India, where  he found himself in the service of the Indo-Parthian king, Gondophares.  The apostle’s ministry resulted in many conversions throughout the  kingdom, including the king and his brother.
Critical historians treated this legend as an idle tale and denied  the historicity of King Gundaphorus until modern archeology established  him as an important figure in North India in the latter half of the  first century. Many coins of his reign have turned up in Afghanistan,  the Punjab, and the Indus Valley. Remains  of some of his buildings , influenced by Greek architecture, indicate  that he was a great builder. Interestingly enough, according to the legend, Thomas was a skilled  carpenter and was bidden to build a palace for the king. However, the  Apostle decided to teach the king a lesson by devoting the royal grant  to acts of charity and thereby laying up treasure for the heavenly  abode. Although little is known of the immediate growth of the church,  Bar-Daisan (A.D. 154-223) reports that in his time there were Christian  tribes in North India which claimed to have been converted by Thomas and  to have books and relics to prove it. But at least by the time of the establishment of the Second Persian  Empire (A.D. 226), there were bishops of the Church of the East in  northwest India, Afghanistan and Baluchistan, with laymen and clergy  alike engaging in missionary activity.
The Acts of Thomas identifies his second mission in India with  a kingdom ruled by King Mahadwa, one of the rulers of a first-century  dynasty in southern India. Aside from a small remnant of the Church of  the East in Kurdistan, the only other church to maintain a  distinctive identity is the Mar Thoma or “Church of Thomas”  congregations along the Malabar  Coast of Kerala State in southwest India. According to the  most ancient tradition of this church, Thomas evangelized this area and  then crossed to the Coromandel Coast of southeast India, where, after carrying  out a second mission, he suffered martyrdom near Madras. Throughout this period, the church in  India was under the jurisdiction of Edessa, which  was then under the Mesopotamian patriarchate at Seleucia-Ctesiphon and later at Baghdad and Mosul. Historian Vincent A. Smith wrote, “It must be admitted that a  personal visit of the Apostle Thomas to South India was easily  feasible in the traditional belief that he came by way of Socotra,  where an ancient Christian settlement undoubtedly existed. I am now  satisfied that the Christian church of South India is extremely  ancient… ”.
Although there was a lively trade between the Near East and India via  Mesopotamia and the Persian Gulf, the most direct route to India in the  first century was via Alexandria and the Red Sea,  taking advantage of the Monsoon winds, which could carry ships directly  to and from the Malabar coast. The discovery of large hoards of Roman  coins of first-century Caesars and the remains of Roman trading posts  testify to the frequency of that trade. in addition, thriving Jewish  colonies were to be found at the various trading centers, thereby  furnishing obvious bases for the apostolic witness.
Piecing together the various traditions, one may conclude that Thomas  left northwest India when invasion threatened and traveled by vessel to  the Malabar coast, possibly visiting  southeast Arabia and Socotra enroute and landing at the former  flourishing port of Muziris on an island near Cochin (c. A.D. 51-52). The year of  his arrival is widely disputed due to lack of credible records. From there he is said to have preached the gospel throughout the  Malabar coast, though the various churches he founded were located  mainly on the Periyar River and its tributaries and along  the coast, where there were Jewish colonies. he reputedly preached to  all classes of people and had about seventeen thousand converts,  including members of the four principal castes. Later, stone crosses  were erected at the places where churches were founded, and they became  pilgrimage centres. In accordance with apostolic custom Thomas ordained  teachers and leaders or elders, who were reported to be the earliest  ministry of the Malabar church.
St. Thomas attained martyrdom at St. Thomas Mount in Chennai and is buried on the site of San Thome  Cathedral.
St. Francis CSI Church, in Kochi, originally built in 1503, is the oldest European church in India
4th century  missions
India had a flourishing trade with Central  Asia, Mediterranean, and Middle  East, both along mountain passes in the north and sea routes along  the western and southern coast, well before the start of Christian era,  and it is likely that Christian merchants settled in Indian cities along  trading routes.
The Chronicle of Seert describes an  evangelical mission to India by bishop David of Basra around the year 300; this metropolitan reportedly made many conversions, and it has been speculated that his mission took in areas of southern  India. According to Travancore Manual, Thomas  of Cana, a Mesopotamian merchant and missionary, introduced  Christianity to India in 345 AD. He brought 400 Christians from Baghdad,  Nineveh,  and Jerusalem to Kodungallur. He and his companion Bishop Joseph  of Edessa sought refuge under King Cheraman Perumal from persecution of Christians by the  Persian king Shapur II. The colony of Syrian Christians, thus  established at Kodungallur, became the first recorded Christian  community in South India. A number of historians claim that Thomas of Cana was confused with the  1st century apostle Thomas by India’s Syrian Christians sometime after  his death and became their Apostle Thomas in India.
Jesus in  India theories
Main article: Jesus in India
Further information: Roza Bal, Nicolas Notovitch, Jesus in India (book), and Jesus in Ahmadiyya Islam
There are also two sets of distinct accounts of Jesus travelling  through India. According to the first set of accounts, Jesus traveled and studied in  India between the ages of twelve and thirty. According the second set of  accounts, Jesus did not die on the cross, but after his apparent death  and resurrection he journeyed to Kashmir to teach the gospel, and then remained there for  the rest of his life.  The origin of the first set of accounts is attributed to Russian author  Nicolas Notovitch who published the book La vie  Inconnue du Jesus Christ (The Unknown life of Jesus Christ) in 1894.
Don Bosco, Mumbai
The origin of the second set of accounts is attributed to Kashmiri  author Mirza Gulam Ahmed who published the book Masih Hindustan Mein (Jesus in India) in 1899.[29] These two accounts are generally not presented in combination. While  travel between Middle-East and India was common during those times,  these accounts are not given serious thought and treated as speculation  since there is no historical account, either in early Christian writings  or Indian historical accounts, to either confirm or refute Jesus  traveling to India.
Although, the exact origins of Christianity in India remain unclear,  it is generally agreed that Christianity in India is almost as old as  Christianity itself and spread in India even before it spread in many,  predominantly Christian, nations of Europe.
Medieval Period
A set of palm leaf manuscripts from the 15th century or the 16th century, containing Christian prayers in Tamil
The Nasrani Menorah, the symbol of the Syrian Malabar Nasrani Christian community in South India.
The Syrian Malabar Nasrani community was  further strengthened by various Persian immigrant settlers. The community was  Christian-Jewish Knanaya colonies of third century, Manichaeanism followers and the Babylonian  Christians settlers of 4th Century, the 7th Century Syrian settlement of  Mar Sabor Easo and Proth, and the immigrant Persian Christians from  successive centuries. The Kerala Syrian Church was in communion with the Assyrian Church of the East till  the Portuguese arrival in the late 15th century. Bishops came from Syria.
The archaeological excavations at Pattanam show that the ancient port town of Muziris was in modern Kerala. The Periplus of the Erythraean Sea calls it of “leading importance” describing it: Muziris,  of the same kingdom, abounds in ships sent there with cargoes from Arabia,it is located on a river, distant from  Tyndis by river and sea five hundred stadia, and up the river from the  shore twenty stadia.
The South Indian epic of Manimekalai (written between 2nd and 3rd century CE) mentions the Nasrani people by the name Essanis referring to  one of the early Christian-Jewish sect called the Nasranis. The embassy of Alfred in 833 CE  described the Syrian Christians as being prosperous and enjoying high  status in the Malabar coast. Marco  Polo also mentioned the Nasranis and their ancient Church in the  Malabar coast in his writings Il Milione.
Early modern  period
In the early modern periods, the French missionaries were the first Europeans to touch Indian shores. The  French missionary Jordanus Catalani arrived in Surat in  1320. After his ministry in Gujarat he reached Quilon in 1323. He not only revived Christianity but also brought thousands to  the Christian fold. The first Bishop of Quilon was received with great  jubilation by the faithful of Quilon. He brought a message of good  wishes from the Holy Father to the local rulers. As the first bishop in  India , he was also entrusted with the spiritual nourishment of the  Christian community in Calicut , Mangalore,  Thane and Broach (north of Thane).
The Sé Cathedral of Santa Catarina is a cathedral dedicated to Catherine of Alexandria, located in Old Goa
Portuguese missionaries had reached the Malabar  Coast in the late 15th century, made contact with the St Thomas Christians in Kerala and  sought to introduce the Catholicism among them. Since the priests for St  Thomas Christians were served by the Eastern Christian Churches, they  were following Eastern Christian practices at that time. Throughout this  period, foreign missionaries also made many new converts to  Christianity.
With the Papal bull Romanus Pontifex the patronage for the propagation of  the Christian faith in Asia was given to the Portuguese. The Portuguese  colonial government in Goa supported the mission in India with incentives for  baptized Christians. They offered rice donations for the poor, good  positions in the Portuguese colonies for the middle class and military  support for local rulers[33].Early  Roman Catholic missionaries, particularly the Portuguese, led by the Jesuit St Francis Xavier (1506-52), expanded  from their bases on the west coast making many converts. Portuguese  missionaries wanted to convert the population of Goa. As a result of  Portuguese incentives many converted Indians were opportunistic Rice Christians, who even practiced their old religion.  This was seen as a threat to the immaculateness of the Christian  belief. St. Francis Xavier, in a 1545 letter to John III of Portugal, requested an Inquisition be installed in Goa. However, the Inquisition, one of the most violent  events in History of Goa targeting Hindus, Jews, and many newly  converted Christians, was installed eight years after Francis Xavier’s death. Modern-day Goa  has a substantial Goan Roman Catholic population;  around 30% of the population is Roman Catholic. The undecayed body of  Saint Francis Xavier is still on public view in a glass coffin at the Basilica of Bom Jesus in Goa.
The St Aloysius Chapel in Mangalore
Mangalore is one more significant region on the west coast which has a huge  population of Christianity. In 1321, the French Dominican friar Jordanus Catalani of Severac (in south-western France)  landed in a place called Bhatkal near Mangalore and established a missionary  station there. Many locals were converted to Christianity by Jordanus.  However like the other tracts in India, the Portuguese were unable to establish their presence in  Mangalore due to the Vijayanagara ruler Krishnadevraya and  the Bednore Queen of Mangalore Abbakka  Rani of Ullal.  Mangalorean Catholics were basically  the descendants of Goan Catholics who fled Goa during the  Portuguese-Maratha Wars and the Goa Inquisition. The St. Aloysius Chapel was later built in Mangalore.  This chapel very closely resembles the world-famous Sistine Chapel in Rome.
Altar of the Knanaya Jacobite Syrian Orthodox St. Mary's Church in Kottayam, Kerala, also known as Valiapally (Big Church),with two Persian crosses of 7th century on either side of the Altar; originally built in 1550
The Malankara Orthodox St. Mary's Church in Kottayam, Kerala which was originally built in 1579
With gradual development, the North Konkan region received the Goan Catholic emigrants  from Goa. On the  occasion of The Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria, the Christians of North Konkan,  who were known as Portuguese Christians discarded that name and  adopted the designation East Indians.
Beginning in the eighteenth century, Protestant missionaries began  working throughout India, leading to the growth of different Christian communities. In 1793, William Carey, an English Baptist Minister came to India as a Missionary.
Inside view of Church in Ahmednagar
He worked in Serampore, Calcutta, and other places as a missionary. He  started the Serampore College. He translated the Bible into  Bengali. He worked until his death in 1834. Anthony Norris Groves, Plymouth Brethren missionary came to India in 1833. He worked in the Godavari delta area. He worked in India until his death in  1852. Mormon missionaries, including Hugh  Findlay, arrived in Bombay and Pune in the early 1850s, but did not  meet with success.
Ahmednagar district in Maharastra has more Protestant Christians than Catholics.  They are also called as Marathi Christians. Missionaries began to  evangelise the local people in 1800 CE. The  Christian population of Ahmednagar is only 4%. Haregaon a small village in Shrirampur taluka of Ahmednagar district is  majority Catholic. Haregaon receives thousands of devotees on the  occasion of the annual Feast of the ‘Matmauli’ ‘The Blessed virgin Mary’ on 7 and 8 September.
Several American Baptist missionaries went to northeastern parts of  India during this period. It was in 1876 that Dr. E. W. Clark first went  to live in a Naga village, four years after his Assamese helper,  Godhula, baptized the first Naga converts. Rev. and Mrs. A.F. Merrill  went to India in 1928. Rev. and Mrs. M.J. Chance spent most of the years  between 1950-1956 at Golaghat in evangelistic work. They worked with  Naga and Garo tribes. Even today the heaviest concentrations of  Christians in India continue to be in the Northeast.
Demographics
The total number of Christians in India as per Census in 2001 are  24,080,016 or 2.34% of the population.
Majority of Indian Christians are Roman Catholics accounting for a  total of 17.3 million members,  including 500,000 members of the Syro-Malankara Church and 3,900,000 of the Syro-Malabar Church.  In January 1993 the Syro-Malabar Church and in February 2005  Syro-Malankara Church were raised to the status of major archiepiscopal churches by Pope John Paul II. The Syro-Malabar Church is the second  largest among 22 Eastern Catholic Churches who accept the Pope as the “visible head of the whole church”. The states of Kerala and  Tamil  Nadu in South India and Nagaland,  Mizoram and Meghalaya in North-East India account for 60% of India’s total Christian population.
Church in Vasai near Mumbai
Most Protestant denominations are represented in India, as a result  of missionary activities throughout the country. The largest Protestant  denomination in the country is the Church of South India, since 1947 a union of Presbyterian, Reformed, Congregational, Methodist,  and Anglican congregations with approximately 3.8  million members.  A similar Church of North India had 1.25 million  members.  (These churches are in full communion with the Anglican Communion.) The Mar Thoma Church has 700,000  members,  and derives from the Malankara  Jacobite Syrian Church, which numbers 1.2 million and is in  communion with the Anglicans, but not a full member. In 1961, the  evangelical wing of the church came out of Mar Thoma Church and formed  the St. Thomas Evangelical Church of India which has 10,000 members.  Syrian Orthodox Church of  Malabar rites 1,200,000 members,  respectively. There were about 1,267,786 Lutherans,  648,000 Methodists,  and 2,392,694 Baptists in India.  Pentecostalism, another denomination of Protestantism,  is also a rapidly growing religion in India. It is spreading greatly in  northern India and the southwest area, such as Kerala.  The major Pentecostal churches in India are the Assemblies of God, The Pentecostal Mission (TPM — founded in 1923.),  Indian Pentecostal Church of  God (IPC) with 900,000 members. New Apostolic Church founded in 1969, with total adherents of  1,448,209. The New Life Fellowship (founded in 1968) now has approximately 480,000  adherents, and the Manna Full Gospel Churches and  ministries (founded in 1968 with connections to Portugal) has 275,000. Evangelical Church of India now has over 680 churches with a 250,000  community. Another prominent group is the Brethrens. They are known in different  names Plymouth Brethren, Indian Brethren, Kerala brethren. Presbyterian Church  of India has 823,456 members.
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Delhi
From the late nineteenth century, the fastest growing Christian  communities have been located in the northeast, in the Seven Sister States, among the Khasis, Mizos, and the  Nagas.  Today Christians are most prevalent in the northeast, and in the  southwestern states of Kerala and Goa. Indian  Christians have contributed significantly to and are well represented in  various spheres of national life. They include former and current chief  ministers. Christians also have one of the highest literacy rates and  sex ratio figures among the various religious communities in India.
Christianity in India
