 
 
The St. Thomas      Christian Community, founded in India by the year 52 AD., was further strengthened by a group of Christians      immigrated from Persia in 345 AD., paving the way for further relationships      with the Churches in the Persian Empire, some of which were founded by close      disciples of St. Thomas. Hence both the Church in India and those of Persia were in close relationship with each other and in communion with other early      apostolic communities.
This situation      continued till the 16th century, when the Church in the West began to come      in contact with the Indian Church through the Portuguese merchants and missionaries. These contacts      were cordial in the beginning, but conflicts of different natures ensued      later, as a result of which the early community of Indian Christians in 1653      broke off their relationship with the Portuguese missionaries. The majority      of them restored ecclesial relationship with the Portuguese hierarchy      (Malabar-Church) and the rest formed themselves into an independent      ecclesial community and gradually got into an ecclesial relationship with      the ancient Christian Church of Antioch (Malankara-Church).
From the Malankara Church there had always been attempts to restore      communion with the Holy See of Rome and after 300 years of strenuous      efforts, they, were crowned with success only in the first half of the 20th century.
            In 1926 the Episcopal Synod of the Church of the "New Party" held at Parumala delegated Metropolitan Mar Ivanios to enter into      negotiations with Rome in order to effect a reunion with the Catholic Church      under the condition that the ancient and venerable traditions of the      Malankara Church would be retained and kept intact. Pope Pius XI graciously      accepted the conditions and welcomed the reunion. 
            Accordingly, on September 20, 1930 a representative group,      headed by Archbishop Mar Ivanios and followed by Mar Teophilos, Rev. Fr.      John Kuzhimepurath OIC, Deacon Alexander (later Fr. Seraphion OIC) and Mr.      Chacko Kilileth, made their Profession of Faith and were duly received into      the Catholic Communion by His Excellency Most Rev. Dr. María Benziger,      Bishop of Quilon, who was especially delegated by the Holy See for this      purpose. The following day two Rembans, Most Rev. Joseph Pulikottil and Most      Rev. Philipose Cheppad, also made their Profession of Faith and were      likewise received into the Malankara Catholic Church.  
            In 1932 His Garce Mar Ivanios made his official visit to the      Holy See of Rome and His Hiloness Pope Pius XI invested him with the Sacred      Pallium. With the Apostolic Constitution “Christo Pastorum Principi” of June      11, 1932 Pope Pius XI erected the      Syro-Malankara Catholic Hierarchy comprising the Metropolitan Eparchy of      Trivandrum and the Eparchy of Tiruvalla. 
            The Metropolitan Eparchy of Trivandrum was inaugurated on May      11, 1933 and His Grace Mar Ivanios was      installed as its first Metropolitan. The Eparchy of Tiruvalla was      inaugurated on November 6, 1933 and Most Rev. Jacob Mar Theophilos was appointed as its first Bishop. 
            The reunion of Archbishop Mar Ivanios with the Church Catholic      was a historical event in the Church, which inspired many of the Malankara      Thomas Christians including many bishops of the Orthodox Church. On November      29, 1937 Most Rev. Joseph Severios of the Orthodox Church and on November      12, 1939 Most Rev. Thomas Dioscorus, Metropolitan of the Knanaya Jacobite      Church, were reunited with the Catholic Church. 
            Under the spiritual, intellectual and pastoral leadership of      Archbishop Mar Ivanios the Malankara Catholic Community was greatly      strengthened in India and abroad. After a period of 22 years of strenuous      and exhausting service to the Malankara Catholic Church Mar Ivanios fell      sick for more than one year. During this time he consecrated His Excellency      Most Rev. Benedict Gregorios as his auxiliary on January 29, 1953. Mar Ivanios, the pioneer of the      reunion movement, passed away on July 15, 1953.
On January 27, 1955 Most Rev. Benedict Gregorios was installed as the Metropolitan Archbishop of      Trivandrum and the Head of the Syro-Malankara Hierarchy. At this time large      numbers of people from other non-Catholic Malankara Curches reunited with      the Catholic Church, and several parishes, missions, convents, schools,      hospitals, orphanages and other institutions were established in different      places. His Excellency Most Rev. Paulose Philexinos, the Metropolitan of the      Malabar Independent Church, was received into the Catholic Church as the      Titular Bishop of Chayal on August 28, 1977.      His Excellency Most Rev. Lawrence Ephraem was appointed Auxiliary to the      Metropolitan Archbishop of Trivandrum on November 6, 1980 and was consecrated on December 27, 1980.
The Syro-Malankara Catholic Church has been steadly growing and spreading      throughout India.      The Eparchy of Bathery was rected on October 28, 1978, bifurcating the Eparchy of Tiruvalla.      Most Rev. Cyril Baselios was appointed as the first Bishop of the new      Eparchy.
After 41 years of dedicated service, Archbishop Benedict Gregorios, Head of      the Malankara Catholic Church, passed away on October 10, 1994. His Excellency Most Rev. Cyril      Baselios, the then Bishop of Bathery, became the Apostolic Administrator of      the Church. On November 6, 1995 he was appointed Metropolitan Archbishop of Trivandrum and Head of the      Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. His installation took place on December 14, 1995.
Bifurcating the Metropolitan Eparchy of Trivandrum, the Eparchy of      Marthandom was erected on December 16,      1996 and Most Rev. Lawrence Ephraem, the then Auxiliary Bishop of Trivandrum, was      appointed as its first Bishop.
 
      Thus in      1930, a small community from the Malankara Church regained communion with the Holy See and was recognized as      the Malankara Catholic Church. It has today one Archdiocese and four      dioceses, 6 Bishops, about 500 priests, 1200 Religious men and women and      400.000 of faithful, leaving about 3 million people still in the Malankara      non-Catholic Church.
Since the Malankara Church had entertained ecclesia relationship with the Antiochen      Church, it has adopted the Antiochene Liturgy and canonical traditions,      which, in turn, are very ancient and rooted in the apostolic traditions of      the early oriental Churches. The ancient Antiochene Liturgy has been shaped      on the Anaphora of St. James, which was in use in the Church of Jerusalem,      where in fact our Lord held his Last Supper. The use of the Antiochene      Liturgy for long in the Malankara Church has deeply influenced and shaped the ecclesial and spiritual life of      the Malankara Church and one can say that liturgical celebration is central      in its spirituality. The faithful of the Malankara Church, both Catholic and the non-Catholic, are spread all over India and      outside.
 On February 10, 2005, His Holiness Pope John Paul II has raised the Syro-Malankara Metropolitan Church sui iuris to the rank      of Major Archiepiscopal Church and has promoted H.E. Cyril Mar      Baselios Malancharuvil to the dignity of Major Archbishop.
After   his death, on 18 January 2007, the first Holy Episcopal Synod was convoked   to elect the new Major Archbishop. Pope Benedict XVI, on 9 February 2007,   confirmed the election of H.B. Moran Mor Baselios Cleemis Thottunkal, as new Major Archbishop of the Syro-Malankara Church.
 
 
 
      The Apostolic Delegation to the East Indies was established in 1881, and included Ceylon, and was extended to      Malaca in 1889, and then to Burma in 1920, and eventually included Goa in 1923.
      On 12 June 1948 this Delegation was      raised, by Pope Pius XII, to the rank of an Internunciature,      and eventually became a Nunciature on 22 August 1967, during the pontificate of Pope Paul VI.
      Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) was detached in      1967, and Burma (now Myanmar) in 1973 (Malaca, as part of modern Malaysia, being      detached in 1957).
 
