Nicaragua Relief Fund (Managua ans Jinotepe, Nicaragua)
Providing a safe and healthy home for abused, abandoned or orphaned children. Emphasis on establishing a strong commitment to Jesus Christ, education and counseling. Volunteers welcomed. Short term mission groups welcomed and encouraged to come. Any and all skills, abilities are useful.
Ninos de la Luz (Venezuala, Dominican Republic)
Ninos de la Luz (Children of the Light) reaches out to street kids, who are brought from the streets to our Light house ranch where they live in home settings with their adopted parents. Volunteers are welcome to  contact us. You can help with translation, work projects, many other tasks.
Ninos de la Promesa - The Purple Palace (Tijuana, Mexico)
We are located in the red light district of Tijuana and reach out to those children who are  in the worst situations. Volunteers over 23 years old are welcome and need to apply. We need dentists,  child care workers, financial help, clothing, food, uniforms, school supplies. Will you help?
Noah's Ark Children's Ministry Uganda
A generation of children have been traumatised and robbed of their innocence by brutal conflict in northern Uganda. Tens of thousands of them are unable to sleep in their homes for fear of night-time attacks by the 'Lord's Resistance Army', a rebel group at war with the Ugandan Government. Founded in 1999, we provide safety, food, and more.
Notre Maison (Port-A-Prince, Haiti)
Spend a week in the poorest country in the western hemisphere working with special needs children showing them  God's Love. We are one of only six facilities for special needs children in the area.  No special skills required, just a heart to serve the Lord! We need teachers,  a physical therapist, doctors and nurses to help with these very needy children.
Nuestro Pequenos Hermanos (Mexico, Dominican Republic, El Salvador,  Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Nicaragua, Peru, Central America)
Children's homes. We invite people of all backgrounds to help with education, vocational training, etc.,  in the endeavor to create a life of dignity for orphaned and abandoned children.
Nyumbani (Nairobi, Kenya)
Provides a home to abandoned children until determination of their HIV status is made.  Those not infected are adopted or cared for by traditional social services agencies. Those with  HIV+ are given the best nutritional, medical, psychosocial, and spiritual care available. (Roman Catholic)
Oasis of Life Orphanage Home (Kaboja, Kampala, Uganda)
About 20 children, most orphaned by AIDS, are cared for. We wish to expand so that we can care for more. The need is so great. We need volunteer counselors, medical people, teachers of spiritual values. Operated by Living Word Temple Ministries.
Oceans of Mercy Children's Village (Port Elizabeth, South Africa)
Oceans of Mercy provides a loving home to abandoned and orphaned children in South Africa.  Volunteers are welcome on short or long term self-funded mission trips. Medical, educational, and  agricultural skills are especially welcome. A great heart is the number one prerequisite.
Olof Palme Orphans Education Centre (Daresalaam, Tanzania)
We provide secondary and vocational education to orphan girls to enable them to subsist and support  their younger sisters and brothers. Established by Church members. Bible class and inner healing teaching is provided. Volunteers are much needed in teaching Science, Horticulture, Singing - music, and English.
Ongoro Children's Home (Kenya, Africa)
All of the children are AIDS orphans. Both of their parents have died from AIDS and we have assumed  the responsibility of raising them. On the outside, it looks very much like other villages in the area  but inside is a loving home where the children are well cared for and educated.
Open Arms (Medellin, Colombia)
Ministry to street children - boys and girls residential program. Short and long-term volunteers needed: School Admin., Special Ed., teachers, house parents, dairy farmer, Program Director, Recreation Directors, Youth Minister, Drug Therapy and Family Counselors, Social Workers, etc. email contact only.
Open Arms Infant Home (Malawi)
Provides shelter, nourishment and care to orphaned and abandoned infants. Includes  Harrogate House for children 2 to 5 years old. Typically mothers will have died during child birth of AIDS related illnesses. Volunteers welcomed.  Even school groups from the UK and USA come out to give their time and energy to projects in the  villages.
Orphan Helpers (El Salvador, Honduras)
We organize one week service trips to help the local teachers/volunteers run a Bible camp and  to assist with crafts, sports, or other activities. You may do light construction, painting,  cleaning, or repairs. You may help pass out shirts, toys, or health kits.
ORPHANetwork (Nicaragua, Ukraine)
We partner with indigenous churches to care for orphaned children and work to fully develop their  God-given potential. We LOVE having volunteer short-term  mission groups come connect with our kids, and to help with farming, carpentry, business administration,  teaching, medical needs, and more.
Orphanage Emmanuel (Guaimaca, Honduras)
For children who have been orphaned or abandoned, perhaps physically or mentally abused. Housing, school, vocational training. Volunteers welcomed to apply to help with  meals, selling products (in our store) made at the orphanage, taking care of the toddlers,   with building projects and maintenance, the farm etc. Spanish not necessary.
Orphanage Outreach (Dominican Republic)
"Involving individuals and organizations to provide opportunities for orphaned and abandoned children." For volunteers of all ages and backgrounds, for 1 to 4 weeks.
Orphanage Ministry in the Nations OMN (Out of Western Australia)
Operates short term trips to assist orphanages in Africa. For best response for future trips, contact
