It says if church follows the rule according to Indian Law then we can get a legal certificate
below is the detail on that link
In India, if the copy of the Church Marriage Certificate has been sent to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages as per the legal requirement then this Church Marriage Certificate has legal validity.
In case of India all Christian Marriages are covered under the Indian Christian Marriage Act,1872, Section 27 of the Act provides :- Marriages when to be registered. — All marriages thereafter solemnized in India between persons one or both of whom professes or profess the Christian religion, except marriages solemnized under Part V or Part VI of this Act shall be registered in manner hereinafter prescribed.
Section 30. of the Act provides: – Registration and returns of marriages solemnized by Clergymen of Church of Rome. — Every marriage solemnized by a Clergyman of the Church of Rome shall be registered by the person according to the form directed in that behalf by the Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese or Vicariate in which such marriage is solemnized,
and such person shall forward quarterly to the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths and Marriages returns of the entries of all marriages registered by him during the three months next preceding.
So as you see that if this proper procedure has been followed by the Church for maintaining proper record & issuing of marriage certificate & ultimately sending a copy of the same to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages, so go & inquire from the Church authorities where you got married if the given procedure has been followed by the Church in getting the Christian marriage solemnized in the Church registered by the Registrar of the District where it was solemnized & a record was then sent to the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages, if they tell you yes all this is being followed then your such marriage certificate has legal validity & recognition of being certificate of registration of Christian Marriage in India. For the purpose of traveling visa or immigration for any foreign country, the Marriage Certificate would be required to be Apostillised first, so carry out the process of Apostillisation of this Marriage Certificate first then use it for any such visa or immigration purposes. In Apostillisation all documents should be first authenticated by the designated agencies in the State from where the document has been issued. In case of personal documents like birth, death, affidavits, power of attorneys, marriage etc, Home Department/General Administration Department are the designated authorities. In case of educational documents like degree, diplomas, matriculation and secondary level certificates, State Governments have now opened Regional Authentication Centers (RACs) at various States from where the document should first be attested. Documents attested by these authorities then need to be presented to MEA for issue of Apostilles. Documents attested by these authorities then need to be presented to MEA for issue of Apostilles at Ministry of External Affairs at CPV Division, Patiala House New Delhi. Once the Apostille stickers of Rs50/- is affixed each on all these documents you can use them for VISA/Immigration purposes. This is the latest legal position with regard to any such document w.e.f. August 29, 2007.
Moses
Hi Dominic,
I agree with all your points, but none of the church officials have answered me anything on this.
Regz,
