Here’s a few if your church lets you ask questions…
Excerpt K 8:012
Set 28, Count 62  I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them.
Excerpt K 9:005
Set 33, Count 91 …slay the idolaters wherever you find them…take them captives and besiege them and lie in wait for them in every ambush…
The Jews call Ezra a son of Allah, and the Christians call Christ the son of Allah. That is a saying from their mouth; (in this) they but imitate what the unbelievers of old used to say. Allah’s curse be on them: how they are deluded away from the Truth! (9:30) (See also Bukhari 8:427), one of the last things Muhammad ever said on his deathbed was “May Allah curse the Jews and Christians.”)
Although nowhere does the Quran say that Allah loves those who don’t believe Muhammad, there are over 400 verses that describe the torment that he has prepared for people of other religions (or no religion):
And whoever desires a religion other than Islam, it shall not be accepted from him, and in the hereafter he shall be one of the losers (3:85)
The relative worth of non-Muslims is that they are but fuel for the fire of Hell:
(As for) those who disbelieve, surely neither their wealth nor their children shall avail them in the least against Allah, and these it is who are the fuel of the fire (3:10 Shakir: “firewood of hell”)
3:110-”You are the best nation ever to be brought forth for people. You order honor and forbid dishonor, and you believe in Allah. Had the people of the book believed, it would have surely been better for them. Some of them are believers, but most of them are evildoers.”
Most Jews and Christians are wrongdoers.
And thou wilt find them [the Jews] the greediest of mankind….[Surah 11, v. 96]
Evil is that for which they sell their souls… For disbelievers is a terrible doom.[Surah II, v. 90]
Taste ye [Jews] the punishment of burning.[Surah III, v. 18 1]
“They [the Jews] are the heirs of Hell…. They will spare no pains to corrupt you. They desire nothing but your ruin. Their hatred is clear from what they say … When evil befalls you they rejoice.” Ibid. [Surah 111, v. 117-120]
Those who disbelieve Our revelations, We shall expose them to the fire. As often as their skins are consumed We shall exchange them for fresh skins that they may taste the torment.[Surah IV, v. 56]
Because of the wrongdoing of the Jews…. And of their taking usury … and of their devouring people’s wealth by false pretenses. We have prepared for those of them who disbelieve a painful doom.[Surah IV, v. 160, 161]
And thou seest [Jews and Christians] vying one with another in sin and transgression and their devouring of illicit gain. Verily evil is what they do. Why do not the rabbis and the priests forbid their evilspeaking and their devouring of illicit gain? …. evil is their handiwork.[Surah V, v. 62, 63]
O ye who believe! Take not the Jews and Christians for friends. [Surah V, v. 51]
The most vehement of mankind in hostility [are] the Jews and the idolators.[Surah V, v. 82]
Fight against such of those [Jews and Christians] … until they pay for the tribute readily, being brought low.[Surah IX, v. 29]
Allah fighteth against them [the Jews]. How perverse they are![Surah IX, v. 30]
Believers, many are the rabbis and the monks who defraud men of their possessions… Proclaim a woeful punishment to those that hoard up gold and silver and do not spend it in Allah’s cause…. their treasures shall be heated in the fire of Hell…. [Surah IX, v. 26-34]
They [the Jews] spread evil in the land …. [Surah V, v. 62-66]
[The Jews] knowingly perverted [the word of Allah], know of nothing except lies … commit evil and become engrossed in sin. [Surah II, v. 71-85]
Naw, Islam is merely misunderstood.  It’s our fault for not being more understanding of the relgion of peace and tolerance.  After all, they’ve only been at war with Western and Eastern Civilization for nearly one thousand years.  Let me point out-all my life, Muslims have been the threat.  Look at the acts of terror of the last 40 years.  How many Christians, Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, Mormons, Greek and Russian Orthodox, Shintos, etc were involved as opposed to Muslims?  Achille Lauro, Black September, PLO, Kobar Towers, 911, Entebbe, Beirut 1983, Bombay, the Fort Hood shooter, WTC 1993, The Shoe Bomber, Al-Zarkawi, Underwear Bomber, Bin Laden, Qadaffi, Taliban, 1979 Hostage Crisis/Iranian Revolution, the Chechen school attack, the Philippine insurgency, CAIR&Holyland Foundation, the Van Gogh assasination, Paris ghetto riots, the Fort Dix attempt, the Arlington Cemetery nut, the cockpit door nut a month ago, the flying imams, Hamas, Hezbollah, Munich, the London Underground attack, Lockerbie… the list goes on.
A.S.
June 28th, 2011 at 5:20 pm · Reply
As a complete opposite, it is well known that Muslims who live in Israel (Israeli Arabs) get free medical treatment like any other Jew who lives in Israel. And when it comes to the queue, it is not based on who is a Jew or who is an Arab, rather it is based on who has a higher need (who’s life is in more danger).
If you don’t believe me, talk to Brigette Gabriel, a Lebanese Christian Arab who became pro-Israel after seeing what Arabs really do (I am sure you can find her many personal stories on YouTube). Essentially, her mother, during the Israeli-Lebanese war, got FREE medical treatment and she was not even a citizen of Israel!
BTW–would a non-Muslim get free medical care that is a citizen of a Muslim country? I sure all of us will answer with a 100% certainty that the answer is NO, NO, NO. Religion of peace and love is so appealing!
Guido
June 27th, 2011 at 10:41 pm · Reply
There is an interesting book-wish I was in my library-I can’t remember the title off the top of my head.  It’s a book by a former Muslim who converted to Evangelical Christianity.  He states, with absolute assurance, Allah and God are two entirely separate beings.  The Biblical God is a God of love who is unique among all other religions in that Christians can have a direct relationship with him, while Allah is a distant, vengeful, mean-spirited god who you can never have a personal relationship and who is very capricious and random in his actions.  While God offers salvation and love, Allah never guarantees anything.  A Muslim could spend his whole life doing everything he is supposed to-the Hajj, paying Zakkat, feasting on the Eid, charity works, and fasting for Rammadan-he could STILL go to hell if Allah feels like it.  The Muslim’s ONLY guaranteed way to go to Paradise is to die in Jihad as a martyr.  That is a tough row to how if you’re a believer and want to go to Paradise while the Christian has a certain peace of mind in his direct, personal relationship with his Creator.
It was a thoroughly fascinating book.
Maxx
July 2nd, 2011 at 2:59 am · Reply
Guido;
Your book reference might be pointing at the book, “From Jihad to Jesus.” It is written by a former militant Muslim who converted to Christianity and is exceptionally thorough in addressing the blatant doctrinal differences as well as how Islam provides a concrete antithesis to Christianity.
malcolm x
June 28th, 2011 at 1:26 am · Reply
i can see how the illuminati are exploiting this situation to create one world religion,
but close ties between the 3 religions is a good thing … god would want us to live in peace and worship him rather than fight
i take exception to the article and most of the prejudiced, xenophobic comments though.
muslims worship the same god as the jews and christians – if you read the quran, you would see all the prophets from adam to jesus and hsi mother mary mentioned in glowing positive terms
allah is just the arabic word for god .. like dieu is the french word, or gott is the german word for god .. what is the big deal ? it seems like just because these peoples skin is not white, they must be worshipping a different god – or satan
please rid yourselves of racism … the quran and old testament are practically the same
Maxx
July 2nd, 2011 at 3:08 am · Reply
Malcolm X:
C. A. Lewis once addressed your relative religious pluralism and said that anyone who bothered to shadow the door of a local library will quickly learn that your position is absolutely indefensible.
Consider:  The OT is Jewish history.  The NT replaced the OT and is, as a covenant, now in force. The NT teaches Christians to love their enemies – the Quran teaches Muslims to kill their enemies.  Now either one of them is right, or both of them are wrong, but they cannot, cannot both be right.
There is not even enough space here to fully address your propositions, but it would be a wise choice to take a closer look at what you are saying and checking the data for yourself.  Please do.
Thank you, sir.
June 28th, 2011 at 1:32 am · Reply
oh and its always easy to take sentences out of context, either from the sentence before and after it … or out of the context of the events happening at the time .. like guido has done above
i can pick 100′s of sentences from the old testament just like he has picked … almost all the same
i dont want to use this website because muslims believe the old and new testament were originally from god and his word, but have been changed over time by human hands and corrupted / contaminated
but guido left me no choice
look at the sentences taken out of context int his website
*********************
funny how its exactly the same as the quran ? and yet guido is a hater …
i on the other hand, do not hate christians, jews, christianity or judaism … try to stop constantly hating on muslims and show us some love, that we show
Guido
June 29th, 2011 at 4:59 pm · Reply
Yeah, I’m a hater, but at least I’ve never tried to kill someone for their religious beliefs.  I can’t say that about the practitioners of the religion of peace and tolerance who are responsible for untold #s of deaths in just recent years.
Christianity gets called on the carpet for the Crusades, but they don’t seem to be in the murder business at this point.  Islam still hasn’t answered for Beirut 1983, 911, Richard Pearle, the London Underground, Fort Hood, the attempted attack on Fort Dix, WTC 1993, Lockerbie, Entebbe, Achille Lauro, the constant rocket attacks on Israel, suicide bombings in Israel, Bin Laden, burning little girls to death in Saudi Arabia who didn’t escape a school fire with their veils, the Bombay attack, the Barcelona attack, The Millenium Bomber, Underwear Bomber, Flying Imams, Shoe Bomber, the lunatic cockpit door guy last month, Iranian executions of women who wear jeans, honor killings, Bali, and many, many, MANY more.
No, I’m obviously the hater because I merely mentioned it and I took Islam’s own words out of context.  I forgot, there’s a nice way to say “Kill the Unbelievers.”
What else ya got?
July 2nd, 2011 at 4:48 am · Reply
Guido
Well said my friend. I got your back. its about time someone calls it as it is instead of talking like a politician…
Ben
Guido, You are so right!  You hit the nail on the Head!
Maxx
July 2nd, 2011 at 4:03 am · Reply
Malcolm X:
I’ve heard the corruption argument many times.  The problem I have with it is that since we do not possess the original autographs, how can you advance this argument in light of the absolute lack of this critical evidence?
And it is my personal belief that we will never recover the originals – God is smarter than we are – He knows that if we did, far too many people would be tempted to worship these pieces of parchment.  It is a logical conclusion.
June 28th, 2011 at 3:36 am · Reply
Revelation 13:1 Then1 I saw a beast coming up out of the sea. It had ten horns and seven heads, and on its horns were ten diadem crowns, and on its heads a blasphemous name. 13:2 Now the beast that I saw was like a leopard, but its feet were like a bear’s, and its mouth was like a lion’s mouth. The dragon gave the beast his power, his throne, and great authority to rule. 13:3 One of the beast’s heads appeared to have been killed, but the lethal wound had been healed. And the whole world followed12 the beast in amazement; 13:4 they worshiped the dragon because he had given ruling authority to the beast, and they worshiped the beast too, saying: “Who is like the beast?” and “Who is able to make war against him?” 13:5 The beast15 was given a mouth speaking proud words and blasphemies, and he was permitted17 to exercise ruling authority for forty-two months. 13:6 So the beast opened his mouth to blaspheme against God – to blaspheme both his name and his dwelling place, that is, those who dwell in heaven. 13:7 The beast was permitted to go to war against the saints and conquer them. He was given ruling authority over every tribe, people, language, and nation, 13:8 and all those who live on the earth will worship the beast, everyone whose name has not been written since the foundation of the world in the book of life belonging to the Lamb who was killed. 13:9 If anyone has an ear, he had better listen!
Carl Jones
There is already a New World Order religion which embraces all the main religions. Its called The Temple of Understanding!!!
The have a temple in the UN building in NY and it is adorned with Masonic sysmbols!!!lol
Palehorse
June 28th, 2011 at 9:33 am · Reply
TO DOLOROSA:
Being that the so-called “pope” is going to Assisi in Oct., that is a good clue that he is NOT pope at all; in fact, he is anti-Pope, anti-Christ, anti-Church. Now, wouldn’t that be true of his four predecessors? Since the Novus Ordo is leading people to Antichrist church which the Novus Ordo IS, would Ratzinger aka Benedict XVI be one of the leaders of the Antichrist church? There is a remnant left of the Church in the world, but pockets of them are martyrs as the temporal powers are mass murdering them in their so-called “war on terror” which is in actuality War on Christianity. Perhaps the next introduction will be the 7 noahide laws.
Palehorse
