Basilica Mount Mary Church Bandra and Famous Yearly Bandra Fair
Last modified on May 21st, 2012 at 9:21 am
Basilica Mount Mary Church Bandra and Famous Yearly Bandra Fair
Mumbai City Guide   >   Holy Places - Famous Churches and Temples in Mumbai   >  Basilica Mount Mary Church Bandra and Famous Yearly Bandra Fair
“Mount Mary (The Blessed Virgin Mary) keep the blessings going to one of the oldest Roman Catholic Church at Mumbai Suburb’s Bandra Station, the location of this holy place. About 106 years now, the church stands on the hills connected to carter road facing the huge Arabian sea in west. Lets know more about the Basilica who attracts Lakhs of people with heart full of devotions during 8 to 10 days of Bandra Fair around the church..”
Bandra Mount Mary Church
About Basilica Mary Church
Mount Mary (Also known as ‘Mother Mary’) is mother of lord ‘Jesus Christ’ was born on September 8, the church being a monument of Mumbai is all because of the blessed virgin mary. The celebration of Mother mary starts every year on second week of September during birthday and alst for 8 days with church filled with devotees around Mumbai and other states too. Lakhs of visitors are seen every year with wishes to fulfill and blessing to take home along for happy life, along with the fun and excitement of being in crown, fun and fair in breezy weather pre-winter.
The church is a beautiful at about 70 to 80 meters high on hills of Bandra road and has its sloppy exit connected to carter road (Famously known as Bandra Bandstand Lovers Point ) where their is one more known old church called ‘Father Agnel’. To add on to the fun when visiting this churches at Bandra, just 50 to 100 meters adjacent is the beautiful sea facing rocky place famous as ‘Lovers Point’ and the home of two famous celebrity of bollywood named ‘Shahrukh Khan’ and ‘Salman Khan’, See salman khan bandra home video.
Every Sunday and other days too,the local residents visit this famous church for their evening prayer. Recently bandra church was into news when local residents complaint about the hawkers and illegal stalls increased and started creating nuisance like the increase in the sound of honking, parking issues etc.
Bandra’s Famous Mount Mary Fair
Year Bandra Fair
As said, the most awaited and biggest fair of Mumbai is held at Bandra’s Mount Mary church covering total of 4 lanes, starting second week of month September, as 8th being the birthday of the blessed Virgin Mary. Devotees visit is all jammed for all the 8 days of this month, enjoying the fun with fair. Church being about more than a century old now has visitors coming regularly every year from last 5 decades and more now. The stall owners get to see this visitors yearly being friends for years.
Children are among the most excited group of people to visit Bandra fair just because they get and opportunity to buy various toys, dhols and those flying toys and bubbles pack, enjoying the toy train and enjoy shooting balloons with those air guns. Christian community are the one who make sure to visit the fair at least once if staying far off in suburbs and Navi Mumbai area, yet they are not the only because major caste and community like Hindus, Muslims and others too come here barely to enjoy the fair and all the fun buying things walking and gossiping climbing the hilly footsteps of Mount Mary church.Pilgrims coming from far are the one among other Christians who offer candles which is highly sold every single day of the fair around this church. So these 8 days are also the best business time for those legal and illegal stalls and hawkers around.
As discussed earlier, Bandra church was under regular headlines during September 2010, when local residents complained about those illegal stalls that erupts during those 8 days of fair. As per the news legally only 165 stalls were allowed by civic body to put up their stalls during all the fair days, yet it was found that hundreds of more hawkers came around for business encroaching about 12 lanes around Mount mary church which created problems for the local residents to park vehicles and other voice nuisance. The matter reached Mumbai High Court who ordered to remove those illegal stalls and hawkers in start of 2 days of these fairs during 2010 and were strict to all 165 licensed hawkers who sold stuff in that No-Honking zone.
How to Reach Bandra Church
By Train : As this church is located in Bandra West, Connected to Hill Road and off Carter Road, a person needs to take bus or auto starting from Bandra station (West) which takes around 15 to 20 minutes to reach this shrine.
By Car : If you are coming from outside Mumbai, Get on to Western Express Highway (Mumbai Ahmedabad National Highway), Follow the signs and get on to the new Bandra reclamation flyover, Get down to S V Road from bridge and take a left towards Hill Road.
Other Places Near Mount Mary
Another known Church is ‘Father Agnel’ which is adjacent to the exit of Mount mary on carter Road. Checkout that famous Hotel Taj, and Residence of Shahrukh khans at Mannat, and Next to it is handsome Salman Khans Residence at Galaxy Apartment on Rocky Sea Facing location within 100 to 300 meters on same road. Next is Bandra’s famous Joggers park and Linking Road for shopping.
Was That Helpful? Drop a Line For Others Pls..
You Might Like..
