A faithful man will be richly blessed - Prov.28:20
About Us
INN Newsletter
Email Id.
The Indian Church of Christ is a family of Christian churches affiliated with the International Churches of Christ whose members are committed to living their lives in accordance with the teachings of Jesus Christ as found in the Bible. We read and strive to abide by the entire Bible and hold it to be inspired and inerrant. We expect every member to be a disciple of Christ as defined in his teachings. The International Churches of Christ were built on the revolutionary and biblical conviction that every person must first make a decision to become a disciple and then be baptized. The Biblical Greek word for church is "ecclesia" which means "the called out". Today we are an international family of churches that is rapidly spreading to all nations around the world. We have been called out from religious mediocrity, spiritual error, atheism and agnosticism -- into a meaningful, vibrant relationship with God.
The Indian Church of Christ was started in Bombay (Mumbai) in 1986 by a group of fourteen disciples, and has now grown to a membership of over 5000 in 50 churches in South Asian. You could learn much in detail about the victories that the God has won in some of these churches from the different regions of South Asia from this site.
As Disciples of Christ, our lives are committed to bringing his church to every nation within this generation. In keeping with Biblical examples, we multiply our churches by sending out small groups of disciples to major metropolitan areas where they then form new churches. Since every new member is a committed disciple, these new churches grow rapidly and are soon strong enough to send out other groups to plant more churches.
Our goal since 1994 has been to plant a church in every nation with a city of at least 100,000 people by the end of the year 2000. With God's help that goal has been met in May 2000. In the early part of the new millennium, churches will continue to be planted in the remaining smaller nations, cities and villages.
CONTACT DETAILS
Off.Address : H6/B, Hauzkhas, New Delhi 110016
Off.Phone : 011 41654766
