 
Your support is very much appreciated
The work of running the Christians Together website is dependent on those who appreciate and support the ministry – in prayer and, as the Lord leads, in giving. If you would like to make a donation to the work please click on the button below. Many thanks. Colin
Indian church leader speaks on Mumbai attacks
K.P. Yohannan Cries Out Against Mumbai Terrorist Attacks and Questions the Cause
Mumbai, India
 
Gospel for Asia President K.P. Yohannan lamented the terrorist attacks on India's financial capital of Mumbai that have left some 80 people dead and more than 200 wounded, saying he has serious questions about who was behind the bloodshed.
“I am deeply saddened over these inhumane, brutal acts of killing innocent people,” the GFA founder said.
In coordinated gun and grenade attacks late Wednesday night, gunmen opened fire in at least seven locations, including Mumbai's main train station, two luxury hotels, a restaurant frequented by foreigners and a hospital where wounded would be treated.
The terrorists have taken hostages, including Westerners, and Mumbai's 105-year-old Taj Palace Hotel was in flames. Troops surrounded the Taj Palace and Oberoi hotels, where terrorists were holding hostages in the wake of the attacks.
Brother K.P. said that while news reports are blaming Islamic terrorists, he has doubts about who is truly behind the attacks.
“This is definitely a well-planned and executed incident to bring instability to the nation in light of the national elections coming up,” he said. “But I have real reservations about placing blame on the Muslims.”
Brother K.P. pointed out that there have been at least eight major terrorist attacks within India this year, and all were initially attributed to Islamic terrorists.
“But upon further investigation, they all turned out to have been perpetrated by radical Hindu extremist groups led by radical priests,” he pointed out. “So until there is a complete investigation of these horrible attacks, I am not ready to blame the Muslims.”
“Anyone can take a Muslim name for their group,” he noted.
Lending credence to the doubts was the fact that among those killed in the attacks was a leading anti-terrorism official who played a role in uncovering the Hindu connections to the previous attacks.
Regardless of the source, the attacks across the city once known as Bombay seemed to be aimed at foreigners, and multiple witnesses have reported that the terrorists were seeking out people with British or American passports.
“This is definitely going to scare foreign investment,” Brother K.P. noted, “and that is ultimately going to hurt the Dalits and others at the bottom of India's caste system.”
“Usually a nation has to remain in poverty for these extremists to keep their hold, and this could be a plot, because without foreign investment, the Dalits will remain in poverty.”
Brother K.P. also noted that attacks seeking out foreigners was completely contrary to Indian culture.
“India always treated foreigners with such respect and value,” he said. “This is totally against the nature of Indians. The question is, will this spread over all the country?”
“We know that only the Gospel of Christ can change human hearts, regardless of caste, race or religion. That is why we must pray for India at this time.”
Speaking about 40 minutes from the site, the GFA founder lamented, “My beautiful land is beautiful no more.”
Gospel for Asia, 27/11/2008
Comment:
Icon:
