Travel guide > India > Mumbai > Temples and Churches in Mumbai > Mount Mary Church in Mumbai
Mount Mary Church in Mumbai
India - Chennai - Goa - Bodhgaya - Mysore - Pondicherry - Puri - Shimla - Srinagar - Trivandrum - Agra - Bangalore - Chandigarh - Varanasi - Delhi - Cochin - Hyderabad - Jaipur - Kerala - Kolkata - Pune - Udaipur - Darjeeling - Mumbai - Ahmedabad - View Mumbai hotels
Mount Mary Church in Mumbai
Mumbai is a cosmopolitan city that functions effectively irrespective of its multi-religious and Multi-cultural society. Far from creating any hurdles in the City, the different religions have given birth to a lot of attractions significant to Hindus, Muslims and Christians along with other religions. Some examples of this are the numerous temples, shrines and churches that can be found in the city. One such religious place is the Mount Mary church in Mumbai that attracts both the Christian and non-Christian devotes from far and wide who come in the hopes of having their wishes fulfilled by the Virgin Mary.
The fulfillment of wishes:
The Mount Mary church is situated on the peaceful hillock in Sunderban Bandra. It was built in 1640 and rebuilt again in 1761. This very beautiful church is situated in a tranquil setting where one can see both the setting sun and the Arabian Sea. The church is dedicated to Virgin Mary, who is also believed to fulfill the wishes of both the Christians and non-Christians who pray with full devotion and sincerity. People suffering from fatal diseases are known to offer wax figures corresponding to their ailment, like the figure of hands, feet etc. Though the church is crowded throughout the year, the highest number of devotes are known to attend the church during the week-long Bandra fair, where Mount Mary church in Mumbai looks even more spectacular due to the decorations and the assembly of people from all walks of life.
Significance of Mount Mary church in Mumbai :
The Mount Mary church has religious significance for the strong Christian community in Mumbai. The Church also has Historical significance, as the church is nearly 100 years old, while the statue of Mother Mary dates back to the 16 th century. It is also an example of India's beautiful architectural style influenced by the British. The church also reflects Mumbai's Solidarity and diversity through the large number of devotes who come to seek the blessings of Virgin Mary. Thus, the Mount Mary church has also become a tourist destination in the otherwise crowded and busy life of Mumbai.
