Martyr Fr. Bernard - I knew & a sermon for thought
Faith Without Actions is dead - James 2:14-17
Be doers of the Word, not only hearers of it - James 1:22-25
Dear Friend in Christ - www.thecsf.org
Ref : Fr. Cedric Prakash's email - The Situation is SERIOUS in Karnataka: Start Acting Now!
Your opinion on this is valuable. Please excuse the length, but it is intended for the Serious Christian, like you. Hence, this request to bear with me & later pass this email on.
* Is the Community's Response to Future Attacks, Killings, Rape... going to be more Pics with VVIPs, Memorandums, Signatures, Meetings, Rallies...
* Fr. Bernard - After Graham Staines & children (burnt alive), Fr. Arul Doss (pierced with arrows) and a hundred more in Orissa.
* SpiceJet Apologizes to The CSF for promoting flights to 'Jesus Tomb' in Srinagar. The CSF constitutes Memorial Awards.
* Terrorism, Communalism & Regionalism - Demand Reservations for Christians - Political, Education, Employment, etc.
* What has the UPA, BJP, Left, Congress & other Parties Done - other than their leaders paying lip-service in the media
* The Church in India has done much for others. What about its own ? Will the Universal Church Help ?
* How about a Disaster Plan & working towards Indian Christians 2020 ? What is the Church's Plan ?
* Sadhvi & ex-Militarymen in Malegaon blasts. Bajrang Dal Activists killed in Nanded & Kanpur blasts.
It was with a very heavy heart and tears in my eyes, I heard of a dear friend, Fr. Bernard Digal's sudden death. When I stayed with him for over a week in the aftermath of the Kandhamal riots, during my last visit & left him, I never expected him to be targeted so brutally. I was wrong. When I was with him in Holy Spirit Hospital ICU in Mumbai, where we advised that the three priests (Fr. Thomas and Fr Edward. , being the other two) be brought, I often prayed & thanked God for protecting him. I was wrong again. Little did I expect that it would be the last time, we would meet. It seems God brought him to Mumbai, that we should meet, if only once - before HE took him away to be with HIM forever. I became to be very close to Fr. Bernard - both of us being comrades in arms, who along with the likes of Archbishop Cheenath, John Dayal... were in the thick of it all. All I can say is 'God's will be done' and I am sure his soul is resting in peace today - on All Souls Day.
The CSF Orissa Martyrs Memorial
He becomes the first Catholic priest to be martyred in the recent anti-Christian violence. On 1, September, 1999, Fr. Arul Doss, another 35-year old Catholic priest was similarly murdered by fundamentalists, who shot arrows into his chest, leading him to bleed profusely to death. His church was set on fire, as was the case with Fr. Bernard's too. Similar was the case of Graham Staines and his two minor sons, who were burnt to death, as was Rajni, the church-worker. This could have been the case with more of the priests/pastors & laity, who have borne much of the brunt, with the official death toll reaching 60 and over 100 unofficially. Conservative estimates put the figures as - 315 villages damaged, 4,640 Christian houses burnt, 53,000 Christians homeless, 10 priests/pastors/nuns seriously injured, 18,000 Christians injured, 2 nuns gang-raped, 149 churches destroyed, 13 Christian schools and colleges damaged..... The CSF has decided to institute or contribute towards memorial & awards in honour of these martyrs for the faith and also in the name of Sr. M...., for exemplary courage in the face of great adversity. A picture of the award proposed, on the lines of a gift given to me by Fr. Bernard Digal & can be seen on http://www.thecsf.org/home.html
SpiceJet Apology on 'Jesus' Tomb
The SpiceJet airline and its in-flight magazine published by Singapore-based, Ink Publishing has tendered an unequivocal & unqualified apology for promoting Srinagar, India as a place that houses, "the Rozabal tomb, believed to be the tomb of Jesus Christ". The CSF had taken strong exception to Spicejet featuring such information in its magazine, Spiceroute Destinations, based on the theory that Jesus Christ survived the crucifixion, ran away from the Romans & Jews, traveled eastwards to Kashmir, died and was buried there. Accordingly, the airline had urged tourists to visit the tomb, situated in the Kanyar district of Srinagar, Kashmir, India.
The CSF in a notice to Mr. Ajay Singh, director and others of Spicejet and its magazine Spiceroute, also called for twenty thousand copies of the magazine to be withdrawn and the apology to be printed prominently in the next issue, failing which the activist organization would take legal action. The same was agreeable & hence, The CSF has let the matter rest. Details & a copy of the apology letter is available at http://www.thecsf.org/csf_now.html#kash.
Terrorism, Communalism & Regionalism
It is an issue, we have been talking & being silent about, ever since Muslims were being stereotyped as terrorists - a profiling that made it easy to discriminate against the community. The truth is, not every Muslim is a terrorist. Now, Christians are being accused of converting by force or inducement and even worse - being labeled as naxalites or anti-national. And even as this is happening in the rest of the country, in Maharashtra, we have police killing a Patna Bihari boy in a bus and a group lynching a 'bhaiya' in a train. In Goa, fundamentalists are using pretexts like evacuee property to target a 130 year-old Our Lady of Miracles Church in Mayem, Bicholim and in Karnataka, church properties are under attack by Hindutvawadis, who have placed their flags in Mangalore.
Under the guise of protecting India from Green Terror, we now have Saffron Terror, with the involvement of Hindu extremists alleged in the Malegaon blasts & the arrests of Sadhvi Pragya & her accomplices. We have encounter cops / retired militarymen, joining parties, like Shiv Sena, which have offered legal & other support to those arrested in the Malegaon blasts. Ex & serving defence persons, as well as defence training institutions (Bhosala) are being used to build-up forces. The Samajwadi & Bahujan Samaj parties have offered similar support / tickets / seats to Muslims, as in blasts (Batla House - Jamia Nagar) or in promoting the Haj pilgrimage.
Just as the Majority-Minority issue has the Congress & the BJP in a bind, so also the Marathi Manoos card has pitted the north & south Indians against the Maharashtrians. The Shiv Sena & Raj Thackeray's MNS are falling over each other to claim the title of saviour of the Marathi Manoos. On this issue all Bihari politicians - Lalu, Nitish, Paswan... stood one to a man, while all Maharashtrian politicians did the same, soft pedaling on Raj and even backing him - in secret or openly. Whom do the Christians have to take-up their cause ? And will they all come together, as the others do, when their own are attacked ? Christians are a divided lot & unless come together in an activist organization, our state will worsen, as it has over the decades.
Reconversion & Demand for Reservations
The violence against Christians may have subsided temporarily, under Supreme / High Court pressure, but re-conversion in Orissa is very much on by the hundreds. Thousands are still in refugee camps, you & I would shudder at the thought of. The Orissa & other state governments talk of conversion by force or inducement, which are punishable. The re-conversions are under compulsion & widely publicised. The tribal converts to Christianity are now being forced to convert to Hinduism. In Western India, we have Narendra Maharaja doing it. Such re-conversions are illegal & comes under the purview of the anti-conversion law ? There is also pressure on Dalit Christians not to freely practise their faith & the government compells them to show themselves as Hindus or Buddhists, if they are get official benefits. Christians, who share the same socio-cultural milieu as non-Christians, are being discriminated by the State on the basis of religion, if they are not granted Scheduled status. This again is nothing short of re-conversion by the Police State. In the given situation, wouldn't we might all be forced to re-convert to Hinduism.
As our very own, Dr. Peter Rodriques says - its time to agitate & demand for Christian reservations in Jobs, Politics, Education, etc. We have enough of Government of India data to do so - NSSO Survey & Employment/Education statistics. There is enough ground to take it up legally. In fact, in Maharashtra even the influential Marathas & Parsis are asking for quotas - and may well get it. We also need to forcefully demand that Christians be recognised by the government to get at least OBC status, begining with the Dalit Christians, pending their case being decided - since its almost a Golden Century that the Church has taken-up their cause. Will some advocate take-up these issues ? The CSF is willing to assist.
UPA Still to Act. Anti-Establishment Vote ?
Will some one tell us what the Government of India has done on the anti-Christian violence ? It has laid the blame at the State Government's door and said that the Union Government is helpless & reduced to issuing a dozen warnings! Is'nt it that the government in power, no matter whichever political party, takes Christians for granted ? If so, why not vote anti-establishment ? The assembly elections are due in 5 states and Parliament elections are around in a few months. Is it not time for Christians to reconsider their position ? Surely, if the Opposition comes to power, it would know that the minorities have voted for it. The Opposition need not be the BJP everywhere. It could be the Left, Bahujan Samaj or the Third Front. Alternatively changing governments, as happens in Kerala with the LDF / UDF or as in USA with the Democrats / Republicans, might help. And Christians will have a better deal, next time around, by God's grace. Since that is the only reason, we are still around. Think about it.
Where is the Church ? Has it met on this issue ?
The Church's response has been less than adequate. I doubt there has even been an all India level meeting of all church denominations - 3 Catholic Rites, CNI, CSI....including the Pentecostals & Evangelicals. Barring a handful of us in New Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai & MP, doing our little bit, there is no co-ordinated Christian laity activist movement. And even we have limitations. Some of us are into business, others are aged & still others are restricted by lack of funds or resources. The existing Church structures are not equipped to face the situation at hand & will certainly not be able to handle the future. Its time Christians wake up to meet the challenges ahead by supporting / empowering the few Christian activists, we have in the community, who have been effective, in their protests, even with the limited means, at our disposal.
We need a NETWORK, with a CORPUS FUND to animate the community. For instance, nobody reached Tamil Nadu, where an almost century-old OL of Fatima Church was vandalized, along with St. Lourdes (50 yrs), OL of Velankanni (15 yrs), Crucifix (10 yr) of Poondi Mata Church and many others in Dindigul district. No pictures & information are available because we did not have the money to go there... Same is the case with a number of other instances of anti-Christian violence, where we receive reports & appeals from. We are aware of many Christian activists starved of funds & resources - Christian activists who have great potential to resurrect a community floundering. They are looking up to / waiting for their Church to lead. Will it ?
The Church in India is almost as old as Christianity itself - 2000 years - coming from Jesus' apostles, St. Thomas or St. Bartholomew and is responsible for a vast majority of the social services - in poverty-eradication, personality development, leadership, education, healthcare, rights, law, etc. Today, the non-Christians are way up ahead in all these areas and many more important ones, like politics, business & employment. We 'educated' or 'treated' or 'empowered' many of our attackers. For instance, Vijendra, the son of Karnataka CM, Yediyurappa allegedly studied in St. Joseph's College (1994-97) and we could give you a number of VIPs who have passed out of Christian institutions. The silence of the 'non-Christian' majority is deafening & frightening.
Why do you call yourself a Christian ? National Convention / Synod ?
But even worse - Where is the Christian leadership ? Is'nt it time for serious introspection & action - Has the Church been able to act effectively ? Our Catholic & Christian hierarchy, clergy & laity - charismatics, Evangelicals & Pentecostals - sophisticated & elite institutions - church councils & commissions - international contacts - community unions & sabhas - one-man armies.... All built-up by the common Christian - funded by Lazarus' or widow's mite, so to say - over centuries. What has been ou response ? Do we have a Disaster Management Plan for the future ? There is a feeling that the true Christian will not miss out, if any of these structures are not there - like the persecuted Church in China or places, where there is no freedom of religion eg. some Islamic nations. Imagine ! What would happen, if a Hindutvawadi government comes to power & our institutions are all taken over or if the Church has to move underground ? Worse is happening. We have a 'secular' government at the Centre & 'communal, regional or so-called secular' governments in the states, even as Christians are targetted & Church properties / institutions / clergy are attacked. What has the governments or even our own MPs done ? The north-east is Christian & we have tribal or women MPs too. Did they even speak-up or do something more than speak-up ? It is time we wake-up to the harsh realities & stop thinking in terms of migrating to Australia, Canada or the West. For not all of us can afford that luxury.
Christians allow religious freedom everywhere. Places of worship are allowed even in Rome & the West. Money to religious organizations, even if it is to the RSS, VHP or IRF flow easily from 'Christian' nations abroad. So why are'nt Indian Christians given the same basic human rights. George Menezes, John Dayal and a small group of us met in Mumbai to brain-storm. An exchange of emails or articles in church-bulletins will not help. Rallies or speeches will not help. We need to meet urgently. The CSF would like to promote National Convention / Synod in Mumbai & we urge you to send us details of Christian activists, volunteers, bureaucrats, professionals, businesspersons & those influential, whom the LORD has blessed - That can be your minimum contribution to the cause, wherever you are. Let us set our own house in order & then take on the powers-that-be - as the Bible says, a house divided against itself will not stand & unity is strength.
If you don't help, Christian activists will go back to their work or businesses & pay more attention to it. After all that will help us to some extent, in the face of anti-Christian attacks. And nothing can stop us from praying for all of Christianity. So its time we take a stand for community development, because as the Bible say, if you are lukewarm, God will spew you out of His mouth.
Do let us have your thoughts on the above - You can be sure, every word will be taken seriously.
Please be assured of our prayers for you & your loved ones. Requesting your prayers for us, our families & associates too - without which, it would not have been possible for us to do so much.
Your Servant in the Lord's Service
Ln. Joseph Dias, MA (Eco), Ex-Special Executive Magistrate / SEO, Govt of Maharashtra
General Secretary, The CSF
+91 9769 55 56 57 trinity.cmd@gmail.com
Cheques / DDs can be drawn in favour of The CSF and sent to our Regd Office.
Check out these links:
http://www.PetitionOnline.com/thecsf17/petition.html
The Story of Fr. Bernard
It began with his visit to Sankarakhole parish on Aug. 23, when a Hindu leader was killed, kicking off the attacks.
He and his driver Sisir Pradhan left the archdiocesan headquarters in the state capital of Bhubaneswar. They reached Sankarakhole at around 10:30 p.m.  "We had dinner. As we were preparing to go to bed after a tiring day, we received a call" saying Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati, a Hindu leader based in the state's Kandhamal district, was shot dead. "I could not believe it. We went to bed," he recalled.
He recounted that he woke up the next morning hearing anti-Christian slogans and people "yelling outside," saying they wanted to kill missioners.
Father Alexander Chandy, the parish's 65-year-old pastor, Pradhan and Father Digal remained inside the church compound the whole day and moved to a forested area at night.
The situation "got worse" on Aug. 24, Father Digal continued. "We kept getting information on attacks and killings in villages. We got stuck in the forest and survived on dry food."
Father Chandy was sick and could not walk far. To provide him better shelter, the younger priest and his driver went to the house of another priest's brother in the village. They wanted to use his motorcycle to go to a safer place.
Father Digal said they saw the entire house, including the motorcycle, on fire. The two of them then went to see the priest's sister in the village. She urged them to go to a safer place as people had threatened to destroy her house.
The two went to nearby Dudukangia village, where 15 Christian families lived. But the Christians refused them shelter, saying they too had received similar threats.
By then, night had fallen. Since returning to their hiding place in the forest was risky, the two decided to sleep in the village church that had already been torched. "It had only walls standing. We thought the mob would not come, and we were tired of walking all day. Our legs were swollen."
At 11:30 p.m., however, people came to the demolished church. "Seeing the mob, we ran," shared Father Digal. "Pradhan ran fast, but I was caught. The mob shouted to each other to kill me. I pleaded for my life, but they ignored me."
The mob then hit him with crowbars and sticks. "The beatings came like heavy rain. They stripped me naked and asked for mobile phones," the priest recalled.
He said he managed to run some distance but was caught. "I fell to the ground and they continued hammering me. Soon I saw blood flowing from my head and lost consciousness. They thought I was dead and left me."
In his semi-conscious state, the priest said he thought he heard wolf cries and feared the animals would feed on him. "I thought I might not even get a burial. I prayed to the Lord."
Later, two villagers came. By then, the priest's body had become numb because of the wet ground and a cold night breeze.
The villagers brought the church's broken door and helped him lie on it. They also brought him some water. "I was feeling a bit better," he said, "and the villagers left me alone."
His driver came looking for him in the morning, and later informed the police. Along with a few villagers, the police took Father Digal to a public health center in the village and later moved him to the district hospital.  After much pressure, the state administration brought Father Digal to a better hospital in Bhubaneswar.
"There is no place left in my body where I was not beaten," said the priest.
"Chalo New Delhi", "Mourning in Mangalore" or "Black Christmas in Orissa"
Dear Friend in Christ,
This is Sent & Dedicated to Those Who are One with Us in The Cause for a Secular India
The email below seemed to be frighteningly prophetic as we received news of a number of churches being attacked in Kodaikanal, TN and statues vandalised including those of Our Lady of Fatima (90 yrs), St. Lourdes (50 yrs), OL of Velankanni (15 yrs), Crucifix (10 yr) of Poondi Mata Church and many others in Dindigul district. Today, we also sadly received news of Little Flower Catholic Church in Tikamgarh district in Madhya Pradesh being vandalised and torched, which was discovered by the Sisters of Sacred Heart nuns, working there. Elections are due there in November and it seems, the Hindutva forces have opened war on yet another front, that we need to face.
We welcome the Supreme Court's direction to the Orissa government to to assess the damage to Christian property and assist in re-building them by providing compensation. The CSF is also happy since the apex Court said that proceedings in cases arising out of the violence will have to be conducted by setting up fast track courts. Another statement of the SC Bench, headed by Chief Justice K G Balakrishnan, was that the central para-military forces provided to the state government for maintaining law and order in riot-hit areas will remain there till December-end in view of the upcoming festival of Christmas. All thanks to Archbishop Raphael Cheenath filing a PIL for the same.
The CSF is however disappointed that the SC has declined to hand over to CBI, the investigation into the alleged rape of a nun during the on-going communal violence in Orissa. The apex court could have been a little more sensitive and besides, the Christians have no faith in the police, who stood as mere spectators, while the nun was raped and paraded naked on 25, August and in many cases even participated in the attacks on the community. Any enquiry by the state government, after all the community is going through, will not instill confidence among Christians & such probes will only prove to be shams, as has happened in Gujarat.
Finally, a suggestion that we organize a massive "Chalo New Delhi", "Mourning in Mangalore" or "Black Christmas in Orissa", with lakhs (not thousands) of Christians participating from all over the country. No Speeches - Just lay seize to the PM's / CM's residence and not move, unless the issue is resolved to our satisfaction. It seems the only way, if we are serious about getting results.
It is said, if you can discuss a problem ad nauseum, you will not be able to solve it.
Thanking you, with warm personal regards - In HIM - Joseph Dias
Goa, Punjab, Haryana, Maharashtra & Tamil Nadu - Next ? Church & Community Needs to Act Urgently
You will be happy to know that Cardinal Oswald Gracias is back yesterday in Mumbai, is recuperating fine & expressed his heartfelt gratitude for those who kept him in their prayers.  I am just back from Goa - the latest state on the Saffron Brigade's communal radar. VHP warlord, Praveen Togadia was there, addressing a meeting, where I was present & it was no different from those he did in Orissa... Manohar Parrikar, Goa's ex-CM from the BJP, says that at least 7 churches/chapels have been vandalized so far. Hindu fundamentalists are now after a 130 year-old church in Mayem in North Goa & also claiming church property. In Mangalore something similar is happening, where the Hindutvawadis have planted saffron flags over property used by the Church, since decades. The reasons / excuses to target the Christian clergy or laity & their property may vary, but the effect is the same - decimation of the community.
The situation has not improved a bit, anywhere else. Christians in Orissa & in other parts of the India, who do not reconvert to Hinduism, run the risk of being killed, raped or having their property reduced to ashes. Those Christians who reconvert, spare their their heads being tonsured, escape being fed cow-dung & urine, besides having to do unspeakable of desecration to the Bible, Crucifix or statues. I am on my way to Madhya Pradesh, where the announcement of assembly elections in the state has placed Christians at grave risk there, according to Fr. Anand Muttungal of Bhopal and other Christian activists. Tamil Nadu & even Delhi has also been added to the list of targeted states.
Let us admit it. We have failed to make a dent with the powers-that-be in the State as well as the Centre, with no action forthcoming. Lip-service. Words, Words... And More Words. The reaction of the church has been the traditional pray & pay. Christians are largely church-centric & so after the first round of rallies, prayers, meetings, signature drives... we are passing the hat around for relief - the most popular kind being old clothes. The CSF believes that all this was a good beginning & we were not to be left behind. But next what ? Much more is expected from the Church & Community. Instead of collecting resources to compensate the victims, shouldn’t we pressurize the government into giving compensation ? Archbishop Raphael Cheenath of Orissa has moved the court for damages worth Rs. 3 crores and The CSF has asked the PM to act by providing funds from central coffers. Can we / should we collect that much & much more every time anti-Chrisitian violence takes place ?
The writing has been on the wall since the last attack on Christmas eve in Orissa; and if Christians had seen through it then & prepared themselves, we could have saved many precious lives from being snuffed out. We could have prevented blood being spilt, nuns being raped, clergy being attacked, hundreds of churches desecrated, crores of rupees worth property destroyed... It is still not too late, since the attacks will not stop. We fear it will only get worse, until the ultimate Saffron aim to ethnically cleanse & eliminate Christians (physically, politically, religiously & economically) is achieved. In Maharashtra we have information of one Narendra Maharaj, who has much in common with the late Swami Lakshmanand Saraswati of Orissa, who claims to have reconverted almost 50,000 Christians in western India states. Expect more persecution from Thane, Raigad, Ulhasnagar, Sindhudurg....
What needs to be done ?
We need to put in place a mechanism to face such SOS situations. We need to concentrate less on empowering others and more on equipping ourselves. The anti-Christian violence has exposed weak links in the existing church and laity structures. Therefore -
1. The church & the community need to go back to the basics in the Bible. India is fast becoming like the West, in terms of most of us being Christian only in name. Of little importance, in the rush of modern living, are things like - the Great Commission, love & concern for our own, tithing or giving to God's work, supporting the poor, sick, orphans, widows... Unless we put Christ back among Christians, our faith will be no less shallow than that of those in the "developed" countries - facing an economic meltdown for being selfish & ignoring God ?
2. The church & the community needs to introspect & support notable activist  initiatives, for the tasks at hand are huge, needing much financial & professional resources. Most of the initiatives are dependent on private & personal funds, which will dry out in time. Soon, yet another anti-Christian attack will not create a big stir, like anti-Muslim riots don't today. Rather, many more activists would rise to the cause, if they are supported financially, since or else they would have to do so, at the cost of their jobs or small businesses.  We need to organize ourselves into a network - to take on a major community development exercises.
3. The church & the community needs to demand reservations for Christians in education / employment & Scheduled status for Dalit Christians. If we had done so at the time of Independence or during the Mandal Commission agitation, Christians would have been in a better position today. In case of such communal violence or discrimination, we would have had at least a handful of community members in the police, government, judiciary, administration, civil & defence forces, etc. to help us out. The Govt of India NSSO survey clearly states that Christians are in some cases, the poorest. What does the Church or urban Christians plan do about it.
Examples to learn from.
The Parsi, Sikh & Jain minorities, who are just a tiny fraction of our numbers, have shown the way economically & politically. The Muslims too can teach us something in this regard. The Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) has put out an appeal for the better blessed Muslims to each contribute a little Zakat (tithe) annually and is working towards a 25 Million U$ Dollar / Rs.100 Crore community development fund. Details on http://www.unitedislamicaid.org/ Christian clergy, intellectuals, professionals, ex-servicemen, financially better-off laity ... need to think on these lines.
If we don't watch out & take urgent steps, our churches will be reduced to muesuems and vocations will stop happening. We are thoroughly ill-equipped to face the onslaught & dangers to come. If we have been spared to some extent is because, we have internationalized the issue. But this too has its limitations.
The CSF is making a humble beginning by setting-up a major DATABANK, which will be of great service in meeting the challenges we are presently confronting. Nothing of this kind exists in India & the expenses for the same are expected to be at a minimum Rs. 2,50,000 or US$ 5555 approx. This will be for staff, office, systems, stationery, communication, etc. We are looking for partners, who are prompted or blessed by the LORD to help us out. If you feel called to assist in any way, please send your contact details to thecsf.ceo@gmail.com
The CSF also has Dr. Peter Rodriques specifically looking into the issue of reservation - a subject very close to his heart. We invite others to contact The CSF and contribute (ideas, contacts, influence, volunteer...) your mite - assistance in kind is more valuable, than cash!
The CSF would also like to promote a national-level Federation of Christian NGOs & activists, to meet under one roof to see how best to organize the community effectively & come out with an action programme. We need to use the internet to tell the world and compel the Government of India to act. We have therefore put up a petition to the UNITED NATIONS & HEADS OF STATES and will follow it through internationally. We are closing this petition by October '08 end & if you haven't as yet signed in, please do so at http://www.PetitionOnline.com/thecsf17/petition.html . Please also forward this email, with the above link, (or copy+paste it) for your other contacts to sign in.
Thank you for the support that you have given us. Please be assured of our prayers for you & your loved ones. Requesting your prayers for us, our families & associates too - without which, it would not have been possible for us to do so much.
Your Servant in the Lord's Service
Ln. Joseph Dias, MA (Eco), Ex-Special Executive Magistrate / SEO, Govt of Maharashtra
General Secretary, The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF)
09769 55 56 57 trinity.cmd@gmail.com
Orissa an International Shame
We reiterate our Demand - Imposition of President's rule
Prime Minister should visit Orissa & allow Relief work
Ban Bajrang Dal - Christian Blood should not be Spilled for Political Expediency
There seems to be no respite from the Saffron Brigade for Christians in Orissa and even worse, the communal violence spreads to other several other states. To send out an SOS to the government, hundreds of Oriya Christians - in the city and those, who have fled the state marched, while praying for communal harmony. The prayer march started from the St.Peter's Church on Hill Road, Bandra (W) at 4pm, and culminated at Mount Mary's Shrine at around 6 pm. These Orissa Christians were accompanied by an enactment of the Roman soldiers flogging Jesus, as an eye-opener to the Government that even today, Christians are being attacked, brutally killed and their property destroyed in modern India. The flogging enactment is to serve as a reminder that even after over 2000 years, the persecution of the Christians - their agony, anguish & genocide - continues & the Jesus is their only solace.
The march was organised by the Indian Christian Voice and The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), who reiterated their demands - WE REITERATE OUR DEMAND FOR DISMISSAL OF THE ORISSA GOVERNMENT AND IMPOSITION OF PRESIDENT'S RULE IN THE STATE. WE ALSO CALL FOR A BAN ON THE BAJRANG DAL AND RELATED MOB TERROR OUTFITS IMMEDIATELY for attacks that are unconstitutional, threatening the secular fabric of the country. The State of India has abdicated its responsibility and duty to protect Indian Christians, by not taking the state governments to task & failing to protect the life and personal liberty of Indian citizens. The Government of India has failed to ensure freedom of conscience and free profession, practice and propagation of religion – the very rights enshrined in the Constitution of the country (Articles 21 & 25) and in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR Articles 18 & 27) to which the Government of India is a party.
We call for immediate provision of relief and adequate compensation to the victims as per ICCPR Article 2.3.1 to those Internally Displaced Persons, according to international conventions. There must also be independent fast track courts constituted to try the culprits and enforce rule of law immediately, besides, the following demands, which must be seriously considered:
•
Foreign funding to such Hindu NGOs needs to be stopped and travel advisories need to be issued to tourists not to come to these states.
•
Order the CBI to investigate into all aspects of the anti Christian violence in various states & into internal business-houses funding the hate-campaign of the Saffron Brigade.
•
Immediately take into preventative custody the culprits, after suspending police & government officials for gross dereliction of duty & joining in the ethnic cleansing.
•
Hand over especially, Kandhamal district to the Indian Army & allow Christian NGOs to do relief work in Orissa.
•
Trace the thousands of Christians missing, (abducted, injured or feared dead) or believed to be hiding in the forests.
•
Grant Scheduled Status to Dalit Christians and reservations to Christians, as provided to Muslims, to get them economically uplifted from their poor state as per NSSO survey.
•
Grant compensation to the churches & residences of priests / house-churches, etc. for losses incurred, which the government is not presently doing, since it is not felt to be politically correct.
•
Improve state of relief camps and jails, where thousands of Christians are languishing & which have inhuman living conditions, resembling Nazi concentration camps.
•
Constitute an Enquiry under the Commission of Inquiry Act & expand the terms of reference of the state enquiries instituted to fix responsibility and culpability on government servants & also on guilty politicians.
•
Provide adequate security to Christian religious places and institutions, as attacks are expected in the run-up to the elections & the fires of communalism are to flare-up. Active Christian NGO leaders need to be included by the Government in discussions pertaining to the community.
We also appeal to you to highlight the following recommendations we make to the Govt of India:
•
Communalism is to be treated as a crime against the state, like terrorism and made a non-bailable offence. Mob terror is equal, if not worse than bomb terror.
•
Enactment of legislation like Prevention of Atrocities on SC/ST Act, to protect minorities, from the brute force of the majority.
•
Moving Law & Order from the State list to the Concurrent list, for the union government can intervene, without flimsy excuses.
•
Permitting an Independent Enquiry by International Human Rights Organizations or an Independent Supreme Court Judge into the anti-Christian attacks, within a time-frame.
Give Christians Arms Licenses for Self-Defence, IF Government Can't Protect its Citizens
Gandhi Jayanti Eve - Kandhamal Christians Internationalise Anti-Christian Violence
Orissa Relief Camps Bombed - Christians Not Safe Even in Government Shelters
100 Victims of Anti-Christians Violence & Civil Society March to United Nations
Mahesh Bhat & Others Petition UNO to Declare Orissa Christians as Refugees
Deny Navin Patnaik & Yeddyurappa Visas to Go Abroad
On the eve of Gandhi Jayanti and International Day for Peace, 100 tribal Christians from the communal violence-affected districts of Orissa, especially from Kandhamal petitioned the UNO to declare them refugees. A delegation comprising representatives of civil society, like noted film director, Mahesh Bhat and Ms. Shabnam Hashmi (member, National Integration Council, Govt of India) accompanied Dr. Abraham Mathai, (president Indian Christian Voice and vice-chairman, Maharashtra Minorities Commission), Mr. Joseph Dias (general secretary, The Catholic Secular Forum) and others to meet Ms. Shalini Dewan, the UN director presenting to her the petition, seeking UN intervention. Among the other signatories to the petition were Rev. Nitin Sardar of Dinbandhu Ministries and Dr. John Dayal, member, National Integration Council, Govt of India.
The Orissa Christians feared for their lives, if they were forced to go back to the state and hence, sought refugee status, which is historic, since it is the first time that persecuted Christians are making such an appeal. Mahesh Bhat said that this delegation had met all concerned - the President of India downwards, but to no avail. Hence, they were forced to make such a request on behalf of those persecuted for their faith and discriminated against because of their religion. Dr. Mathai said that the petition addressed to the UN Secretary General would be sent by his office in national capital to him in New York and some positive development was expected. He warned of a worse holocaust to follow the communal carnage, which the Government would not be able to prevent. He added that a national shame had become an international embarrassment for the PM on his visit abroad and India's secular image needs to be kept intact overseas.
Mr. Joseph Dias feared militancy rising among Christian youth, with the violence continuing unabated with killings reported daily, over the last few months, torching of churches and wanton destruction of hundreds of homes, which had not yet been contained. Already there were calls from within the community, to ask the government for arm licenses to be used in self-defence, as such attacks will not stop, he said. He also called for refugee camps, under UN supervision to be started in Orissa to give food to the thousands starving to death in the forests and also emergency medicare to hundreds brutally injured and dying. The CSF general secretary hoped that “with the nuclear deal done, the Prime Minister would now have time to pay attention to serious issues nearer at home, like rising anti-Christian violence, which had already claimed hundreds of lives and caused destruction worth crores of rupees. Communalism is a threat to the Indian nation and if the fires are not tended, it would consume the country and affect all world citizens, like terrorism" he added.
The CSF general secretary urged the PM to visit Orissa and Karnataka, saying that The CSF would now also now internationalize the issue by writing to various heads of nations to act on controlling foreign funds to the Saffron Brigade and deny visas to Naveen Patnaik & Yeddyurappa  to visit their countries, as is the case with Narendra Modi. Mr. Joseph Dias said, if a lunatic shot an innocent or a few were killed in a bomb blast, it made the front-page, but when hundreds of Christians were massacred and tens of thousands were brutally wounded by supporters of the RSS - VHP - Bajrang Dal, it ceased to make news, any longer. The CSF also received information that there was panic and chaos in the relief camp of Christians in Kandhamal when bombs exploded. The bombs, suspected to be hand-made and of low intensity, went off at Nuagaon, Mahasinghi village and Baliguda town at around 7, 8 and 9 pm respectively. What next ? Our silence makes us culpable, with implicit involvement in the murder and spilling of innocent blood, he concluded.
PETITION TO UNITED NATIONS
As you are aware, the violence against Christians in various States of India, especially in the State of Orissa, over the last 45 days, has made world headlines. The New York Times on 3rd September 2008 reported that 1,400 homes and 80 churches had been destroyed or damaged. The actual figures in Orissa, are more than double. Hundreds have been killed for belonging to the faith and large-scale gross human rights abuse is taking place - rape, brutal injury, police atrocities, torching of churches & property belonging to Christians, their institutions and clergy. Even the official figures of lives lost or crores of rupees worth property vandalized in the ensuing carnage, has shocked civil society in India and abroad. Tens of thousands are rendered homeless, living in the forests or in government relief camps - where inhuman living conditions, devoid of basic food & medicine – is cause of many deaths.
The Christian community seems to have lost all faith in the Government to protect the life & property of its citizens, especially when it comes to the minority Christians, who constitute a meager 2.5% of the country’s population. Further, the States where this is happening, especially Orissa, are ruled by the opposition right-wing BJP and allies, and this being an election year, the Government is reluctant to act, as it is not seen to be politically expedient. It’s been months since the Christmas eve  massacre in Orissa and the community has ever since, been knocking at all doors - the President & PM of India downwards - but to no avail. As of today, the attacks continue with a renewed vigour of ethnic cleansing and genocide in Orissa and spreading to at least 8 other States of India.
The onslaught would have claimed more lives, if only the media and human rights activists had not played a significant restraining role, by highlighting the brutality of the Hindu extremists, backed by an inactive Government, which if not abets the communal violence, certainly turns a Nelson’s eye to it. There are all indications of a worse holocaust to follow the communal carnage, which we fear cannot be prevented by the Government. Christian NGOs & the Church are not allowed to even fend for its own & care for its hurt and dying. There seems to be no hope for thousands of Christian victims and the only option to save their lives, they feel is to flee the state. Hundreds of Oriya Christians have run-away from the State and contacted the undersigned NGOs to protect them & seek UN intervention.
It is against this background  and emergency conditions, that we have therefore, as a last resort, brought to the national capital, this first batch of about 100 Christians from Orissa and make the following requests –
1) These Oriya Christians and others to follow have expressed the desire to be termed Prima Facie Refugees and urge you, through the UNHCR to deem them so, in order that they can be covered by a legal framework to protect their human dignity from rights violations and abuse. Currently, they along with tens of thousands, are a Stateless people, as the writ of the Government of India, does not run large in the State of Orissa. There is no Rule of Law and mobocracy by Hindutva terror outfits like, the RSS, VHP and Bajrang Dal, is the political system, which is in place. The Prime Minister has not visited Orissa and earlier, even the Home Minister of India could not visit the victims.
2) These Oriya Christians fulfill the requirements, as per the UN conventions to be Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) and urge you, through the various relief agencies, like the International Red Cross, UNHCR, etc. to provide them with the basic food, medicine and shelter. Tens of thousands such as these, will either be killed by the Hindu extremists or will die of injury and malnourishment, if no attention is paid immediately. Many of these are old, women, children, babies, clergy… who are the most vulnerable sections. We appeal to you on humanitarian grounds, not take a strictly legalistic view, as precious lives are being lost by every day, even as blood is split by the hour.
3) The State government has prevented Christian NGOs from working in the areas, thus facilitating the Hindutva ethnic cleansing and genocide begun, against Christians – akin to State-sponsored terrorism. The Government of India refuses to use its constitutional powers, for reasons best known. Now, humanitarian aid, under UN supervised relief camps are an imperative, as relief even if sent, will not be channeled to reach the dying and the needy. The UNHCR as per its mandate urgently needs to set-up refugee camps for 50,000 Oriyans, persecuted for their faith – refugees in their own land or IDPs, in UN parlance.
Finally, the violence being carried out against Christians in India is a clear breach of their human rights under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 1948. We appeal to the UN and the related world agencies, to urge the Indian government to fulfill its obligations and responsibilities, under the Constitution of India and in particular Articles 3, 7, 8, 12 and 18 of the Universal Declaration, which India ratified in 1948.
We also appeal to the UN and its world agencies, to exercise its power and influence, to protect lives and prevent further killings in India or discrimination on the basis of race, religion or caste. We thank you for your kind attention and trust that the matters raised in this letter will be given due consideration.
(The Signatories)
Act against Anti-Christian Violence in India
Dear Friend in Christ - To God be the glory. We take no credit,
I am just back from ground zero in Mangalore, where over 18 churches and worship centres were attacked and almost a hundred Christians seriously injured - including nuns, priests, pastors and church-workers. And I just could not sleep. Last week, it was the 3 priests with whom I had stayed when I visited Orissa, who gave me sleepless nights, seeing them brutally injured - half-dead. But what brought tears to my eyes were the helpless cloistered sisters in Mangalore, who were attacked - Their Blessed Sacrament & statues of Jesus, Mary & the saints (St. Joseph, St. Xavier, St. Anthony...) desecrated. I was previleged to meet the nuns, who have otherwise vowed in life - not to come out in public & remain closetted in prayer. We met Bishops and Church lay leaders in many places, across the country. Their plight moved me, as much as, when dozens of sisters-nuns told me, of the mob treated them in Orissa - rape, abuse, trauma & molestation. It is not the government that rules the roost in most states - The VHP, RSS & Bajrang Dal does. And this is definitely only the begining - even today cops were murdered in Kandhamal & others stabbed in rabid communal violence.
I promised each & every one of the victims of Orissa, Kerala, Gujarat, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh... whom I met in just the last month or so, that I would tell of their situation to - as many as I could. And I have met almost a thousand of them - babies, clergy, women, seniors, children, youth & young. It is why I am sending you this email, with a request that you forward it to the world. Brief gory & horrific info is available on www.thecsf.org which you are requested to check regularly.
Surely, we are millionaires, compared to the state of those affected. But, please don't assume, it will remain that way. Violence against Christians has spread to other states. The CSF gets daily reports of Christian brothers and sisters attacked. Our fellow Christians never expected these attacks. But they came & struck their lives forever. I met Mangalorean businessmen, who are now dedicating their wealth to reconstruct the lives of hundreds of affected-victims. Many thought that the Church, with its Sabhas and associations were enough. But this is not true. Our experience over the past few months has shown, that rallies, marches, prayers, speeches, signature drives... can be only a begining. What we need is not an organization, but the movement to arise - for which each one of us needs to act in synergy. I for myself, have decided to dedicate most of the little resources, God has blessed us with, to the cause of the political and economic upliftment of the community. To co-ordinate this huge task & appeal to you to join in. If not for Christ's sake, then for our sake. And for that of our children.
I will be grateful, if you could help by contributing email addresses & mobile numbers of Christians & Secular others to thecsf.org@gmail.com , so that we could keep in touch by internet or sms. Those who feel led to donate (cheques / DDs in favour of The CSF) or contribute in kind, may send the same to us, for distribution among to those affected. The damage runs into crores of rupees.
We also want to urgently employ executives for various community development programmes. Males between 18-35 years, with Good English and Computer-knowledge, may send in their bio-data, with salary expected to csfpost@gmail.com at the earliest.
So much for now, as the email would get too lengthy. As an NB, we have provided a recent quote from Benedict XVI, the pope.
Please be assured of our prayers for you & your loved ones. Requesting your prayers for us, our families & associates too - without whom it would not be possible for us to do so much.
Your Servant in the Lord's Service
Ln. Joseph Dias, MA (Eco), Ex-Special Executive Magistrate / SEO, Govt of Maharashtra
General Secretary, The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF)
09769 55 56 57 trinity.cmd@gmail.com
NB:
In order for the Christian message to reach "the furthest corners of the world", said the Holy Father, "the collaboration of the lay faithful is indispensable. Their specific vocation consists in impregnating the temporal world with the Christian spirit, and transforming it in accordance with the divine plan. For their part, pastors have the duty to offer them all the spiritual and formative means they need".
"One significant aspect of the mission of the laity is the service of society through political activity". For this reason, "they must be encouraged ... to practice responsibility and dedication in this important dimension of social charity, so that the human community of which they are part ... may progress in justice, in honour and in the defence of true and authentic values such as the protection of human life, of marriage and of the family, thus contributing to the real human and spiritual benefit of all society".
The Pope concluded his remarks by praising the bishops' efforts to "alleviate the needs of the people", and by calling on them to be "a living image of Christ's charity for all your brothers and sisters, especially those who suffer most: the marginalised, the elderly, the sick and the imprisoned".
What? How Much Have You Done for the Suffering Christians?
Saffron under Khaki Uniforms? What Next?
Dear Friend in Christ,
The RSS, VHP, Bajrang Dal have struck again in Karnataka, Gujarat, Orissa & Ujjain - as of now. And it is not only the Christians, who are at the receiving end. The Muslims are too. In Mangalore, it was the Muslims, who rang the bells of the church, as the nuns, priests & Christians were being attacked. When I was in Orissa, we heard slogans like "pehle Issai, pher Kassai - first Christians, then Muslims" We now have proof of the attrocities by the "protectors" of the Hindu faith - The Saffron Brigade in Uniform - the police & forest officers. Must See Pics on www.thecsf.org thanks to our co-ordination with various websites. In Mangalore today, the president of the National Women's Commission Ms. Giriji Vyas had first hand proof of police brutality, where even nuns and women were not spared.
In a fresh incident today, George Church at Ujire, Karnataka was targeted by miscreants. Fr. Joseph Valiaparambil, from Belthangady Bishop's house said that the Christian community of Belthangady was deeply hurt and shocked with the incident. The altar and statues of churches continue to be desecrated, with the police arrive late and taking no action. The Hindu radicals are trying to divide Christians into Catholics & Protestants, by saying that the New Life is involved. Then why target Catholic Churches or helpless cloistered nuns ? And why not complain or take action against those Christian fundamentalists, if at all they do exist ! After all it is the BJP in power.
Again today morning a battery of Forest Officers and Gujarat police descended on the village of Nandapeda near Ahwa in the Dangs, Gujarat. They pulled out the doors and the windows, pulled out the wooden ballis which support the roof; they pulled out wood from the roof of the huts of the villagers. The ATS rounded up a few people. Nandapeda is the only village with majority Muslim population in the Dangs district, considered the poorest district in the whole of India. The Narendra Modi government has been pressurizing the Muslims to convert to the Hindu religion or face eviction from their land. Some residents have moved the Gujarat High Court against the government's pressure of converting and changing their religion.
Here is an SOS, to come together and offer support. Are you better off than the Christians being persecuted, then here is what we need :-
1. Emails & mobile numbers of those who join in, when possible.
2. Contacts of international Christian & human rights organisations.
3. Funds to bear expenses, as we believe the damage is much & it is just the begining.
4. Money is necessary for media, staff, travel, relief, printing, documentation, legal assistance...
Do see what best you can do. Who else will ? We believe the Lord Provides for His people. Our NB this time, is worth pondering upon. Check it out.
Keep the prayers going, even as we do so for you & your loved ones. God Bless.
Your Servant in the Lord's Service
Ln. Joseph Dias, MA (Eco), Ex-Special Executive Magistrate / SEO, Govt of Maharashtra
General Secretary, The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF)
09769 55 56 57 trinity.cmd@gmail.com
NB:
God measures with a different yardstick. He won't ask what kind of car you drove, but how many people you gave rides to. He won't ask the square footage of your home, but how you raised your children and treated your family. He won't ask about the brand names in your closet, but who you helped to clothe. He won't ask about your salary, but how much you invested into the building of His Kingdom. He won't ask about your job title, but if you tried to perform with excellence and integrity. He won't ask how many friends you had, but how many people you were a friend to. He won't ask what neighbourhood you lived in, but if you loved your neighbour. He won't ask about your politics or the colour of your skin, but about the quality of your character. So don't just work hard, work hard for the right reasons!
Mahesh Bhat leads Civil Society Delegation to Mangalore
State Government indicted for failure to protect Christians
Independent Citizens call for Action against Hindu Radicals
A citizens delegation led by noted film director, Mahesh Bhat, including Dr. Abraham Mathai, Vice-Chairman, Maharashtra Minorities Commission and general secretary, All India Christian Council rounded off a fact-finding mission today. Prominent among the others included was Joseph Dias, General Secretary of the Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), the Mumbai-based national community NGO and representatives of secular society. The objective of the mission was to get a first-hand report of the violence against Christians, which saw 18 churches and worship centres attacked and almost a hundred citizens injured - including nuns, priests, pastors and church-workers.
Dr. Mathai felt that the pattern of the religious violence, followed was similar to that in Orissa and had action been taken to rein in the saffron brigade, the VHP, RSS and Bajrang Dal, would not have been emboldened to spread their communal venom to other states. He noted that as of today, not a single state was free of the virus, with communal violence reports being received from MP, Kerala, Orissa, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh.
Mahesh Bhat urged the government to “deal with mob terror with the same vigour as we deal with bomb terror. If the BJP run state looks away from the blunt truth that the Bajrang Dal is no different from the other terror group, which they seek to be banned, then you will only perpetuate the problem you are hoping to solve. The highest justice comes, when you can see without preference. In the name of nationalism they can’t be blinded to the dastardly deeds of their own people”. He said that if the same seriousness was not paid to mob terror by the likes of the saffron brigade, then it would lead to bomb terror.
Joseph Dias, said that the attacks were premeditated and carried out with military-like precision. It was either that the attackers had the tacit approval of the BJP government or that the government, whose home minister could not prevent violence in his own district, had failed miserably in pre-empting and containing the violence. The failure of the intelligence also was apparent and despite attempts by the BJP to divide the community on sectarian lines, the Catholics and other Christian denominations remained united. There is a strong possibility of a re-occurrence, if the communalism is not nipped in the bud.
Mahesh Bhat and Dr. Mathai spoke to Mr. LK Advani on telephone from ground zero to brief him of the situation in Karnataka, after a meeting with Bishops Aloysius D’souza and Dr. D Bangera, besides Christian leaders of the many affected denominations. Hundreds of Christian victims came out on the streets defying the bandh call given by a fringe fundamentalist group and met the delegation. The Karnataka home minister, Dr. VS Acharya and senior government officials, like the district collector, Mr. M Maheshwar, also briefed the delegation of the action taken. They assured the delegation that action would be taken fairly against all accused and the culprits would be brought to book. The minister also said that the minority community would not be hounded or singled out for punishment.
• Give Christians under attack arms to defend themselves?
• The CSF condemns today’s attacks in Karnataka, Orissa…..
• Saffron brigade to consolidate Hindu vote before elections
• Karnataka & Orissa, follow Gujarat as Hindutva Laboratories
The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) expresses its concern at the increased attacks on Christians, despite an assurance given to the Supreme Court by the Orissa government, where 2 have been reported killled and many more injured in Kandhamal, not to mention at least 9 churches in Karnataka today. The saffron brigade has it seems begun its pogrom to avenge the death of its leader and a pattern is emerging. According to Joseph Dias, CSF general secretary, in the last week alone, as if to coincide with the Shradh Yatra of the slain VHP leader, Swami Saraswati, the religious violence in Orissa continued unabated, besides churches being torched in Ratlam, Madhya Pradesh and Devangere, Karnataka by Hindu fundamentalists.  Joseph Dias also pointed out that in Chhattisgarh, at Durg railway station, 20 Bajrang Dal activists attacked 4 religious sisters of the Missionaries of Charity, accusing them of the "kidnapping and forced conversion" of four babies between one and two years old. These are not the only cases, as The CSF has received a number of instances of increased attacks on Christians, especially from BJP ruled states, like Rajasthan and Gujarat.
The Mumbai-based national community NGO, while condemning the New Delhi bomb blasts as anti-national, said that the attacks on Christian clergy, laity, personnel and places of worship, clearly followed a pattern and would only escalate in the near future. Hindu fringe fundamentalists were holding the country hostage and ordered what may be contract killings of Christians and attacks on the Church and the community. "Communalism of whichever kind must be made an offense against the State and a non-bailable offence, since it subverts the rule of law and the criminal justice system", he said.
The CSF also condemns the move by various state educational departments, like those of BJP-ruled Karnataka and even in Navi Mumbai and Panvel, which sent notices enquiring into the closure of schools on August 29, to express solidarity with the victims of Orissa violence. The protest was an all India one and peaceful, with no opposition from any quarter, other than radical Hindu groups, out to browbeat Christians into submission. Joseph Dias, CSF general secretary said that the sole objective of the such moves were to create a fear psychosis in the community and cripple it economically. “The church was liberating and emancipating lakhs of schedule castes and tribes, besides that poor and sick from the clutches of vested caste and class interests. The attacks on Christians is a reaction to this role played by the community – a role that even the government fails to undertake. The gross violation of human rights and abuse of minorities has been resented even by other countries, but the government of India refuses to take note. The developments of being nuclear enabled is intended to go to whom?”, he asked and called for a ban on the saffron brigade of the RSS, VHP and Bajrang Dal, to preserve the secular fabric.
According to The CSF the new episodes of religious violence aims at creating an environment of hostility toward Christians and demonizing the community. The Hindu fundamentalists are now targeting Christians, who through their social services, especially in the education & health spheres, are changing the social structures for the better. The tribals, dalits and the many below poverty line, find in Christianity a way to improve their condition and bring dignity to their lives.
The CSF has decided to undertake a mass awakening campaign against communalism, involving secular individuals of all faiths. It will also network with Christian NGOs and the Church throughout India to prepare the community for worse days ahead and brace the saffron brigade. This becomes necessary, since Christians have not faced such adversity and refuse to be treated as second-class citizens in Indian. The CSF also plans to sensitize international human rights organizations and the Government of India of the inherent dangers, in not taking communalism seriously and acting promptly.
Delegation Calls on President of India to Invoke Art. 355 for Orissa
A high-powered citizens delegation including Archbishops Raphael Cheenath (Orissa) and  Vincent Concesscao (Delhi), Dr. John Dayal, member, National Integration of India; Dr. Abraham Mathai, vice-chairman, Maharastra Minorities Commission; Joseph Dias, General Secretary, Catholic  Secular Forum; Mehmood Madani (MP), president, Jamiat-e-Ulema-e-Hind and others rushed to the President of India, in the wake of renewed communal violence in Orissa. Even as the ongoing violence against Christians, entered  the 10th day and the Orissa Government failed to control the situation, while Central Government still watches, a delegation of  civil society led by noted film director Mahesh Bhatt met the President of India, Mrs. Pratibha Patil and sought her  intervention. Among the others present were Rev Madhu Chandra, regional secretary, All India Christian Council; Adv Jenis Francis, president, Delhi Catholic Archdiocese Federation and Mohd Faruqi, Jamiat leader.
The Archbishops told Mrs. Pratibha Patil, that even as of today, violence continued unabated and there was need to rush more forces to bring Orissa back to normal. This time the attacks were not only more virulent, but targetted the persons of Christian clergy and reduced to ashes any property that belonged to the community. Mahesh Bhatt said that possibly due to the forthcoming elections, the Central Government was not acting on the cries of the Christians, as being a microscopic minorities, they did not add up to much political value. However, the correct thing to do is to put down such fundamentalism with a heavy hand and preserve the secular fabric of the country.
Dr. John Dayal described his many visits to the troubled state, since the Christmas eve carnage of 2007 and said that so much of destruction could have been avoided, if only the state government had acted on the recommendations of the National Minorities Commission, whose vice-chairman, Michael Pinto had also surveyed the communal scenario at that time. Today, the Naveen Patnaik government is dependant on the BJP and the state home minister, being from the BJP, the Hindu fundamentalists have a free hand in Orissa. Dr. Abraham Mathai said that the Christians' only hope lay with the President, as when she was Governor earlier, she had refused to give her assent to the state anti-conversion bill and also stood fearlessly against communal forces. He added that invoking Article 355 would help warn the government to sit-up and take note, since nothing concrete was happening to protect the lives and property of Christians in the state.
Archbishop Cheenath informed that the menace is not confined to Kandhamal but has affected most other districts. In Kandhamal alone, fifty thousand people are hiding in forests or are in refugee camps, hiding from murderous gangs seeking to kill them or convert them to Hinduism, Over 4,000 houses have been completely destroyed and close to a hundred small and big churches have been torched. Maulana Madani said it was a matter of the security of India’s minorities and a shame that such a thing should happen in India.
Joseph Dias in his address to the President, highlighted the fact that even the Holy Father had been moved to speak-out on the happenings in Orissa, indicating how grave the damage to India's secular image in the world comity of nations, had been. He also stated that the government was non-existent in Orissa and he had visited the state to find it out. "There is no rule of law, with the VHP, RSS and Bajrang Dal running the state as an extra-constitutional authority. This dangerous trend is spreading to other states too, especially the BJP ruled ones. Innocent blood was slain, nuns raped, priests grievously injured and churches torched in the most inhuman manner", he added.
The President gave the delegation a patient hearing and said she would have their demand for Article 355 examined. She said the government had briefed her on steps, which had already been taken. Mrs. Patil shared the universal anguish on the issue and promised to look into it seriously, besides asking the Central Government to provide all necessary assistance. The delegation was happy that they had shared their strong sentiments with the President and hoped that remedial measures would be taken soon.
Cardinal Oswald, Mahesh Bhat, Tushar Gandhi… Protest Attack on Christians
Civil Society Condemns Killing of Innocent in Orissa
Cardinal Oswald Gracias, Archbishop of Bombay called upon all Catholic educational institutions to remain closed on Friday, 29th August, 2008 as a mark of solidarity with the Christian victims attacked by Hindu fundamentalists in Orissa. He was speaking at a press conference, addressed by prominent citizens, including Mahesh Bhatt (noted film director), Tushar Gandhi (social activist), Dr. Abraham Mathai, vice-chairman, Minorities Commission and others. The conference organised by Christian organisations, the All India Christian Council, All India Catholic Union and the Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) was attended by other prominent citizens from various minority groups. The Cardinal spoke over mobile to a nun and victims of the communal violence, who were huddled together in the forests and could barely say much, except to cry for civil society to act. The Cardinal said that even as of today, distress SOS calls are being sent out by Christians, including many priests and nuns, forced to flee to the nearby jungles, many of whom need urgent medical attention. The renewed attacks on Christians, especially after the worst-ever anti-Christian riots on Christmas eve last year, had shaken the faith of the minorities, in the BJD-BJP government to protect their life and property, he concluded.
Mahesh Bhatt said that the country is at more at risk and can possibly be destroyed by Hindu fundamentalism, as India is too big to be hit by any threat from across the border. He was the first to react to the 2007 Christmas eve violence against the Christians in Orissa and said that he was shocked to hear anti-minority slogans like “Phele Issai, Pher Kassai” (First Christians, Then Muslims), renting the air. He also said that the Gandhian ideology was Christian to the core and the need of the hour was to stand-up to fundamentalism, before it is too late.
Tushar Gandhi, the great grandson of Gandhi of the Mahatma, said that it did not behove a man of the stature of Navin Patnaik to be passive, while allowing the state to burn in communal flames. "Communalism needed to be fought with the same passion that we fight against terrorism and should Gandhiji have been alive today, he would have been in the affected districts, like Kandhamal in Orissa", he said.
Fr. Anthony Charanghat, Editor, The Examiner and spokesman of the Archbishop lamblasted the Orissa government, calling the carnage in the state, as a blot on the relatively fair secular image of the country. He called upon the powers that be to despatch urgent troops to protect the Christians, being masaccred in Orissa.
Dr. Abraham Mathai called upon the government to ban the VHP, as it was not right to ban only SIMI, while letting Hindu fundamentalists run riot in the country. The VHP has greater potential to terrorize minorities and had been exploiting this to the fullest with wanton destruction of life & property in states like Gujarat & now Orissa.
Joseph Dias, general secretary, Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) described his experience of Orissa, having visited the affected areas recently as part of an high-powered Independent Tribunal on a fact finding mission. The CSF, along with other community organisations, like All India Christian Council and All India Catholic Union had facilitated the visit of Teesta Setalvad of burning Best Bakery fame and ex-DGP of Gujarat, who stood-up against Narendra Modi, besides Justices H Suresh and Kolse Patil, retired judges of the Bombay High Court. The massacre of & attacks on Christians, is nothing short of fascism and if no action is promptly taken, it can lead to the full-scale genocide of Christians in the state and spread to other regions, the CSF general secretary warned.
Maulana Mustaquim Azmi, general secretary, Jamait-e-Ulema Hind said that such attacks must not be tolerated and was even more cause for concern, since the state government patronized the perpetrators of the crime. Dr. Azimuddin, president, Movement for Peace & Justice said that the government should act firmly against the VHP, particularly since there was adequate proof of their involvement. Mr. Farid Batatawala, president, Muslim Front said they were considering legal counsel to approach the courts to get the Hindu fundamentalist organizations banned.
Later answering questions from the journalists, Cardinal Gracias said that ever since he heard of the tragedy, he asked all churches in the Archdiocese to pray for the victims and their families. He appealed for peace and restraint from all groups involved, since the situation was volatile and could easily get out of hand. He also urged the media to disseminate information on the attacks, as he felt helpless in the current situation and only mounting moral public pressure would help.
Ban RSS, VHP & Bajrang Dal
BJP Needs to Condemn Orissa Carnage
Appeal to Treat Orissa as a National Calamity & Donate Generously
Prominent secular citizens and Christian NGOs which met the President of India yesterday held a press conference at the Press Club, along with victims of the Orissa carnage, who fled from fearing for their lives. Two priest escaped from the jaws of death and rushed to Mumbai to narrate their harrowing experience. Rev Navod Berdhan and Rev Ashish Missale, along with note film director, Mahesh Bhat; social activist, Teesta Setalvad (of Best Bakery fame), RB Sreekumar, ex-DGP, Gujarat (who took on Narendra Modi), Dr Abraham Mathai, vice-chairman, Minorities Commission and Joseph Dias, general secretary, Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) described the sad plight of the Christians in Orissa.
The media meet, which was well attended by the national & international media heard and saw audio-visual evidence of the attrocities being committed by Hindu fundamentalists, produced by community organisations like the All India Christian Council, Indian Christian Voice & Catholic Secular Forum.
Mr. Joseph Dias, general secretary, The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), called upon BJP’s prime ministerial candidate, LK Advani and national president, Rajnath Singh to condemn the communal violence in Orissa. "If the BJP expected the minorities to consider voting for it in the next general elections, then the least it can do is speak-out against the carnage in Orissa – even if it is merely lip-service, as politicians are wont to. The stoic silence of the BJP leadership, in the wake of every Christian denomination, led by Pope Benedict himself, condemning the gruesome murder of VHP leader, Laxmananda Saraswati and others is frightening and makes the minorities shudder. Mr. Dias asked a number of questions - Why is the Orissa government not agreeing for a CBI enquiry in the murders and violence ? What is the Orissa government hiding or whom is it sheilding ? What does one imply from such silence – that the BJP is not concerned about the plight of the minorities ? Does it imply that the BJP is only for Hindu zealots and fundamentalists, or even worse – that it tacitly approved and was possibly even party to the violence in Orissa ? Are minorities merely political fodder to be slain, raped, attacked & annihilated – not Indian citizens or even human beings ? Therefore, if no clear condemnation of the communal violence comes from the BJP and the Centre does not step in soon to save lives & property in Orissa, The CSF calls upon the minorities, not to vote for BJP, especially in states where it matters, like in the southern, western and north-eastern India. In states like Goa, Kerala, Karnataka, Maharashtra, etc. the minority vote is a must for the BJP to come to power.
Ms. Teesta Setalvad said that the real estimates of those killed seems to have crossed the 40 mark, over 13,000 were living in refugee-type relief camps and appealed to the citizens, especially corporates, who have always had a heart in times of crises or such calamities to rise to the ocassion and donate generously. "This will be the least one can do to salvage the national shame, India finds itself in", she said and put the Orissa violence behind. She said that Orissa was the poorest state in the country and the Christians were reaching out to the poorest of the poor in Orissa and all that it got in return was rape, murder, arson and destruction from vested interests. The church had gone to where the upper classes and even the government feared to tread and emancipate the tribals and dalits in Orissa. The violence was reaction to this empowerment and emancipation, which was not liked by the powerful upper classes and those with economic or political interests.
It was clear that there was a total collapse of the rule of law in the state, without which no democracy could survive for long. She came down heavily on the Orissa government which took no precautions to protect Swami Laxmanand Saraswati, despite he intimating the state of the eminent danger to his life from Maoists and naxalites. Even post riots, neither the union home minister, nor parliamentarians could visit Orissa, but the VHP strongman, Praveen Togadia was given a free hand to move around. Surely the Naveen Patnaik government would know that the Supreme Court had endorsed a ban on the entry of Togadia in Karnataka and he was jailed for 10 days in Madhya Pradesh for his communal vitriol against minorities. In allowing such a person to remain in Orissa and fuel communal frenzy in Orissa, the government had exposed its complicity in the violence and its genuine intentions of polarising the Hindu vote-bank.
Ms. Teesta Setalvad said that the fact finding report, after the visit of herself, Mr. Sreekumar and retired justices of the Bombay High Court, H Suresh and Kolse Patil would soon be released and place the unprecedented violence against Christian in a proper perspective. It would also nail the culprits and expose the powers that be for their sins of commission and ommission. It was clear that the Hindutva forces were working to a systematic plan and instances, like the watering down of the Nanded chargesheets or the Kanpur blasts were links in the same chain. She said she would bring together secular forces to pressurise the government into acting on communal elements, irrespective of the faith and also create mass awareness throughout the country, on the dangers of the majority and minorities turning communal and attacking each other in an inhuman manner.
Dr. Abraham Mathai, general secretary, All India Christian Council said that they had met Mrs. Pratibha Patil and called for Article 355 to be invoked, if it was not possible to impose President's Rule in view of political compulsions. Orissa had an anti-conversion law to penalise those converting by fraudulent means, but not a single case had been registered, disproving the bogey of conversion, raised by the Hindutva forces. In fact, there was not a single case registered in all the states with the anti-conversion legislation, most of whom are BJP ruled states. This lie was further nailed, Dr. Mathai said by the Census figures for the Christian community, which show a decline in their population from around 2.8% to 2.3 lately. He said if SIMI could be banned, so must the VHP, RSS & Bajrang Dal. The President had given the delegation a patient hearing and he was hopeful of some positive outcome. Dr. Mathai also announce a prayer rally tomorrow at Azad Maidan to express solidarity with the victims and their families of the Orissa carnage. After the prayer rally, expected to be attended by thousands, a future course of action would be announced. He also said that till normalcy returns in the state, Christians would be advised to wear black arm-bands, ribbons or badges, as a sign of protest. The behaviour of the authorities made it clear that the BJD-BJP government is abetting, protecting & harbouring Hindu fundamentalists for political mileage. The gross violation of basic human rights, has made it incumbent on the Hindu leadership to speak-out against growing communalism", he said.
Mr. RB Sreekumar said that what was happening was similar to what he witnessed in Gujarat, where Muslims were hounded by the communal forces. Now that the experiments have succeed and Gujarat is now a Hindutva showcase, the saffron family is now looking to create another Hindutva laboratory. Mobocracy was the form of government in Orissa & not democracy, with the BJP, VHP, RSS & Bajrang Dal in control of the administration. It was the bureaucrats, who buckled under political pressure that caused the subversion of the criminal justice system, both in Orissa and Gujarat, he said. The modus operandi of the Hindutvawadi politicians was to reward those bureaucrats who promoted the hidden agenda with promotions. foreign trips, choice postings, etc. and to also punish those officers, who refused to comply with their diktats. The administrators need to realise that if they stand up to political pressure and perform their duty rightfully, no politician will ever be able to influence them, he said.
Mr. RB Sreekumar gave an example of the police force. Even an ordinary constable has the power to arrest culprits, under around at least 44 sections, something that even the President of India cannot do. So at the grassroot level the Hindu fundamentalists cultivate the police force to implement their devious schemes. As in the case of Gujarat, when he was DGP, Orissa was a case, where even preventable offenses were not ensured against. No preventative arrests were made after the Christmas eve riots and no action taken against the guilty officials, leading them to be euphoric in their violation of human rights and repeating the same, with greater vengence this time. In Gujarat, over 2000 closed cases were re-opened, but nothing of the kind happenend in Orissa. As SP of 8 districts in Gujarat, Mr. Sreekumar said he did not receive a single case of forced or induced conversion by Christians and was convinced that the hue and cry was motivated.   Mr. Sreekumar, a kind of authority on Hindu scriptures himself, said that the caste system and the Modi-brand of Hinduism, had no place in real Hinduism. No true religion, as Hinduism, Christianity or Islam is, could justify violence in the name of religion. The communal virus is spreading faster than AIDS in India and if serious note is not taken, if will consume the country, he said.
CSF Plea to Allow Relief & Aid to Victims
Government Needs to Pay Compensation
Internationalise Orissa - if violence continues
The violence continues unabated with the death toll raising to 11, as announced officially and over 30 churches torched. The unofficial estimates reaching The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), the Mumbai-based activist community NGO, is much more. The Union Minister of Home, Sriprakash Jaiswal and a group of MPs cannot enter the state, even as VHP leader, Pravin Togadia is at large, converting Orissa into yet another Hindutva laboratory, after Gujarat. Much has been said, with appeals from the Pope, religious & secular society going out to the President of India and the Union Government, which is yet to take a firm step on the issue. The Christians in Orissa are being isolated from civil society & selectively martyred or crippled economically by fascist fundamentalists, with the goverment abetting in the crime. The paramilitary & police forces are grossly inadequate, even as communalists run on rampage, with the authorities looking on. State Sponsored Terrorism ? Can we allow any further spilling of innocent blood ? We can not allow mindless slaughter in the name of religion What does one do in such a helpless & inhuman situation ?
The basic issue is not just of minority or religious rights, guaranteed by the Indian Constitution, but gross violation of human rights, with the dubious role of the government, in perpetrating violence against a section of its citizenry. The total collapse of law & order, rule of law & the absence of the writ of India, as a democracy is evident. This is the first time that such mindless violence has been committed against the innocent - women, children, handicapped & senior citizens not being spared - and is not likely to be the last, unless drastic measures to stem the rot is taken. However in an election year, where polarisation of the Hindu votes, which the BJP-BJD government is seeking, is necessary, such idealistic expections remain a far cry. Even to day, The CSF recieved umpteen distress SOS distress calls from Christians hiding in the jungles of Orissa - starving, wounded & with naked - waiting for the Indian Government & secular civil society to act.
The CSF gives the government - a one week ultimatum, after which it will internationalise the issue & work to create a moral force of thousands of secular Indians to march, in a Chalo Orissa campaign. The idea is to build public pressure on the government, that Indian Christians will refuse to be demonised by a narrow section, claiming to be the majority & pay the same price, as other minorities are paying. The protection of life & property of every citizen, including Christians, is the primary responsibility of the state and so The CSF calls for:
•
Government Compensation & Ex-Gratia Payment to the families of the dead & for the loss suffered by the victims, mainly Christians.
•
A CBI Enquiry into Murders, Rape & Arson, especially that of Swami Laxmananda Saraswati & against Christian Clergy / Laity to bring the culprits to book.
•
The Church & agencies, like the CSF be allowed to distribute relief material in the affected districts, beside allowing international human rights organisations to study the situation.
Archbishop Raphael Cheenath of Bhubaneswar-Cuttack Archdiocese told The CSF, “In December, the attack on the Christian community was confined to Kandhamal district, but it has now spread to all districts. The attackers are systematically targeting the Christians. As compared to the December attacks of last year when they targeted the Church property and buildings, they are targeting our priests, nuns and others working in the churches. Had the government apprehended the criminals, who carried out the attacks in December, it would have deterred them from carrying out similar attacks this time. I’m dejected about the inaction of the government,” he added.
The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), condemned the murder of VHP leader Swami Lakshmananda Saraswati and his disciples and holds the government of Orissa, culpable of the murders. The maintainence of law & order, besides safeguarding the life & property of its citizens is a legitimate concern of the state - a responsibility the government of Orissa has abdicated. Christians continue to be martyred and the Church persecuted, while the government turns a Nelson's eye and in many cases, the government is even seen to be an accomplice to murder of innocent, by not performing its duty. Still recovering from the worst ever anti-Christian violence in Indian history in December 2007, we appeal for peace as the community braces for another round of violence in the state from Hindutva groups who have sworn to avenge Saraswati death by attacking Churches, institutions, clergy, nuns....
Over the last several months, the Government of Orissa has allowed some fascist and fundamentalist forces to terrorize the poor, tribals, marginalized and the minorities of the State. These forces have carried on their virulent propaganda and their violent acts with apparent immunity. Sufficient warning had been given to the Orissa Government, of the deteriorating situation, as early as in September 2006, with the publication of "Communalism in Orissa" - the Report of the Indian People's Tribunal on Environment and Human Rights - headed by Justice K. K. Usha (Retd.) former Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court.  It may still not be too late to ensure that the Constitutional Rights and Freedoms of the people of Orissa are not merely guaranteed on paper, but also protected by the State.
The CSF update
Joseph Dias welcoming H.E. SC Jamir on his appointment as Governor of Maharashtra from Goa. Other pics include the fact-finding team in Orissa - Ms. Teesta Setalvad, Justices H Suresh & Kolse Patil, RB Sreekumar & the public hearings at which over 1000 victims & witnesses deposed, including nuns & priests. Also seen are the desecrated statues, destroyed vehicles with 'Praise the Lord' or 'Halleluiah' painted on them, besides Archbishop Raphael Cheenath, Dr. John Dayal & Joseph Dias.
The Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) welcomed H.E. Shri SC Jamir, appointed as Governor of Maharashtra. The activist community NGO also thanks His Eminence Cardinal Oswald Gracias & Fr. Rocky Banz of the Archdiocesan Center for Social Action for the support given to the victims of Pereirawadi demolitions in Bandra.
Communal violence erupted once again in Orissa, where an Independent Tribunal, convened by Dr. John Dayal, member, National Integration Council & president, All India Catholic Union, which was headed by Ms. Teesta Setalvad and comprised of Justices H Suresh & Kolse-Patil, besides Mr. Sreekumar, ex-DGP of Gujarat, visited on a fact finding mission.
Mr. Joseph Dias, CSF general secretary, part of the team & who is also secretary of this panel is seen in the pic above with His Grace, Raphael Cheenath, Archbishop of Bhubaneshwar. The pics also show tribal Christians, clergy, laity & nuns making representations to the tribunal, besides the vandalism and destruction of vehicles, bearing 'Praise the Lord' or 'Hallelujah' inscriptions.
The CSF also distributed hundreds of Oriya Bibles. We could make available Free copies in Oriya for those interested, beside reports, photos, CDs etc. Please send your contact details to:
The CSF HQ: 75, Vakola Village, Behind Dr. Raut's Hospital, Off St. Anthony's Street, Mumbai -55.
Hotline: 93248 03279
Web   : www.thecsf.org
Orissa Christians given 'Convert Or Die' ultimatum
BHUBANESWAR, India (UCAN): Christians in violence-marred Orissa state, in eastern India, say Hindu fanatics have issued them a "reconvert or die" ultimatum, forcing some to abandon their religion.
"There was no other way than to convert to Hinduism," Sumant Digal, a Protestant, told UCA News. Hindu fundamentalists threatened to kill him and torch his house if he did not become a Hindu, said the youth, who lives in Gochhapada, a village in Kandhamal district.
The district is based 335 kilometers southwest of Bhubaneswar, the state capital, which lies 1,745 kilometers southeast of New Delhi.
Five days of violence anti-Christian violence in Kandhamal that began on Christmas Eve claimed five lives, and hundreds of others sustained injuries. Hindu radicals also burned some 400 houses, and Christian churches and institutions were attacked and destroyed.
Several people told UCA News in mid-January that although the violence has subsided, Hindu fanatics continue to threaten Christians in interior villages. The radicals want Christians to convert to Hinduism or leave the area, and they threaten to kill those who do not comply.
"Reconvert or die or leave the place was the option given to me and my family," said another Protestant, Pusali Digal, 43, in Kandhamal's Jemapadar village. Digal is a common surname among Christians in the district.
Birendra Digal said that even after he left Mundarigam village with his family and took shelter in another village, he is still fearful because "anything can happen at any time."
Promond Digal, 32, said he too was forced to convert to Hinduism, but he refused to elaborate. "I can't say further ... my life is in danger." Another Christian who changed his religion, explained, "They said if I did not change religion, I should be prepared to leave the village."
Samonary Digal, a Catholic, said Hindu fanatics warned him to "prepare to die or leave the place if I do not want to become Hindu."
According to social worker R. Nayak, about 25 Christian families in Mahasingh village converted to Hinduism on Dec. 25, when some Hindu rituals were performed on them.
A local lawyer, Hitish Kumar Nayak, told UCA News some Christians have filed a complaint with police saying Hindu fanatics had threatened them to change their religion or face consequences. Their complaint sought police protection for their life and property, the lawyer added.
Meanwhile, secular-minded people continued their call to restore peace and religious freedom in the state, now ruled by a coalition of a regional party and the pro-Hindu Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP, Indian people's party). The BJP is considered the political wing of groups that try to make India a Hindu theocratic state.
At a seminar the Institute of Objective Studies conducted on Jan. 19 in New Delhi, two former Indian chief justices said the central and state governments should act to restore religious freedom and remove the sense of insecurity among Christians.
Retired chief justice A.M. Ahmadi said a sense of insecurity among people could jeopardize the peace, prosperity and stability of a country. "It is time to create an environment in which people can live without fear," he said as reported in The Hindu, a daily newspaper.
V.N. Khare, another retired chief justice, called for an autonomous body to probe the sectarian violence and prosecute offenders. "A de facto doctrine of equality should be given to minorities," he reportedly said.
Orissa riots, a trail of destruction and agony - from Archbishop of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar Raphael Cheenath, SVD
Bhubaneswar, Jan 5, 2008:
The feast of Christmas, an event of joy and peace turned out to be a tragedy for the people of Kandhamal district in Orissa. Rioters have torched hundreds of churches, institutions and houses. Thousands of people are still stranded in the forests and on streets. Here is a first-hand account of the violence and aftermath that has left minorities especially Christians in fear and anxiety, submitted by Archbishop of Cuttack Raphael Cheenath, SVD.
The background of the incident:
The trouble began on 24th December in Bamunigam village, which is close to the police station under Daringibadi Block of Kandhamal District.  Around 8 am, a mob of fundamentalists forcefully removed Christmas decorations put up by Ambedkar Baniko Sangho comprising local Christian entrepreneurs as a preparation for Christmas, with due permission from the administration. This was followed by exchange of words between two groups, as the fundamentalists insisted that the people stop Christmas celebrations. Within a few minutes a group of people who were stationed close-by pounced on the members of Ambedkar Baniko Sangho with sticks, swords, guns and other lethal weapons.  During midnight Mass on 24th December, miscreants hurled explosives on Archbishop’s house in Bhubaneswar which though exploded, no damage was done.
The people dispersed out of fear sensing the trouble when they saw this armed gang coming to attack them. The miscreants started shooting people and two were critically injured. They also ransacked about fifteen shops belonging to the Christians after looting the shops and houses, and about seven members of Ambedkar Baniko Sangho were thrashed by the mob.
On the second day on Christmas, 25th December, the crowd came back and destroyed the churches in Bamunigam area before entering the Christian villages and burnt their houses and properties. They also shouted slogans against the Christians and asked them to leave the place. Church and Christians were under mortal threat, but unfortunately there was no police security.
 
Attack on Bamunigam and Balliguda Parishes:
On 24th December at around 2.00 p.m. much larger crowd (comprising of 400 to 500 people) marched into Balliguda town parish by damaging and ransacking the church buildings. By 10.00 p.m. they attacked and burnt the church, presbytery, convent, computer room, dispensary, and 2 student hostels.
The same armed mob then moved into the town and completely burnt down the church belonging to the Baptist Christians. They also attacked another church belonging to the Pentecostal Christians.    On the 25th December they were moving around menacingly threatening the priests and Christians so that they were not even able to file FIR (First Information Report) with the police. The situation continued to be desperate and there was great fear and anxiety among Christians.
A convent in Phulbani was attacked on the same day and the mob ransacked the convent by breaking the doors, and window glasses. They also damaged a new school bus. Immediately the priests and nuns in Pobingia parish were advised to move out to a safer place on 25th December. At 12.00 noon a group of Bajrangdal activists attacked the church of Pobingia parish and destroyed the church and priest’s residence in the afternoon.
All this happened with impunity -- in the presence of police. More than half of 24 parishes in Kandhamal District could not celebrate Christmas mass due to the fear of attack. Two constables asked the priests of Phulbani parish to have no celebration lest there would be more trouble.
 
Institutions So Far Attacked and Destroyed:
Total Properties Destroyed In Arson & Mob Violence
=
