Karl (Sandy) Sandberg, First Reader for The Mother Church
Karl (Sandy) Sandberg, First Reader
Sandy’s service to The Mother Church began in 1967 when he entered the Church’s Chaplain Training Program. After serving as a Chaplain in the United States Army, he became listed as a practitioner in The Christian Science Journal in 1981. He became a teacher of Christian Science in 1988. He has served the Church in many capacities, including service as a member of the Christian Science Board of Lectureship ; as Vice President, President, and Teacher of the Board of Education ; and as guest Reader for services at The Mother Church.
Marian C. English, Second Reader
Marian English, Second Reader for The Mother Church
Marian’s early religious training was in the Methodist Church. She is a graduate of the University of Nebraska, where she majored in modern languages, journalism, and English composition. She served on the Christian Science Board of Lectureship for nine years, followed by a term as President of The Mother Church for one year. Marian is a Christian Science teacher and has had 20 years of Christian Science healing practice in the Colorado Springs area. She has contributed many articles to the Christian Science periodicals and also reads some of the live text submissions that come in from people around the world during online Wednesday testimony meetings.
Bryan Ashley, organist
Bryan Ashley, organist for The Mother Church
Bryan Ashley grew up in New Jersey and France and holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Master of Music degree in organ performance, as well as a Prix d’Excellence from France and a Soloist Diploma from Germany. His career as a concert organist was definitively launched in 1988 when he won the First International Organ Competition, Musashino-Tokyo, Japan, as well as the “Special Prize for the Best Performance of a Japanese Composition” commissioned for the competition.
Throughout his career he has been active as a recitalist, a church musician, and a university teacher, including four years as an organ instructor at the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music. During his 16-year residence in Japan, he concertized extensively throughout the country, giving recitals in major concert halls, universities, and churches. He has performed with several well-known Japanese orchestras and has been featured on national radio and television. He has also given recitals in France, Germany, the United States, and South Korea, including some recent venues such as Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, l’Eglise de Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Saint Louis de Toulon as a featured artist at the Toulon Organ Festival, and Grace Cathedral in San Francisco.
Jay Jostyn, testimony reader
Jay Jostyn, testimony reader
Jay is a church member who helps with the online Wednesday testimony meeting by reading some of the live text submissions that come in from people around the world. He has spent most of his career working for The Christian Science Monitor . Over the course of 10 years, he worked as a broadcast journalist on the air and behind the scenes for the Monitor's shortwave broadcasting service and for Monitor Radio. More recently, for 10 years he was the Monitor's Communications Manager. He has served his branch church in various roles, including Second Reader, Sunday School teacher, and Executive Board member, and he is currently a local member of The Mother Church. Early in his career, he studied acting and received a BA in drama from Principia College.
The congregation
You don't have to be a member to attend church, and attending church is an opportunity to give as well as receive. Your smiles, presence, prayers, singing, and fellowship are an important part of every service. At any Wednesday testimony meeting, you can share your inspiration, gratitude, and healings, plus hear from others in the congregation.
From l to r: Sarah Nichols, Sr. Graphic Designer; Sylvia Herczeg, Asst. Manager; Joan Pedersen, Manager; Louise Alder, Supervisor of Guiding Activity
The Mother Church local activites staff and volunteers
The Mother Church has a team of volunteer workers who participate by being members of local committees. These committees include: chiming, care, usher, prison ministry and lecture. Committee chairs and members serve on a rotating schedule. People who are members of The Mother Church and attend church services in Boston may serve on one of the committees. more about how to volunteer
