Indian christians and Shiv Sena in Mumbai -  Hindu-Christian-Maharashtrian ties
 
Indian Christians need to have a clue - ShivSena, 
Mumbai Christians and true religious compulsions
Christians in India are, statistically, one of the best educated religious communities. That goes for the entire bunch of them - from the Catholics of Kerala to the Middle Eastern Protestants. Financially too, the community is better off. Contrary to the Hindi-movie Christian image we are all used to, however, the average Christian is much more comfortable in his own regional attire, say, a mundu in Kerala, than in a three-piece-suit.
However, as one recent event in Mumbai, Maharashtra demonstrates, when it comes to churches, Christians can be as ridiculous as Muslims or Hindus. Case in point - a dilapidated 300-400 year old Church in Bandra.
Shiv Sena, as part of its pre-election populaity drives, got hold of Micheal Ferrera, former billiards champion, and proposed to renovate the ancient church. Shivsena renovating a church? Well such are the compulsions that faze even the staunchest fundamentalists.
And, wonder of wonders, some Christian spokesmen objected as if on cue. We will not let the Sena touch our church, they thundered. No particular reason assigned to the said sentiment. One would wonder if the Sena had actually wanted to demolish it, and used the word 'renovate' by mistake.
Point 1: ShivSena is extremist and populist. It has been guilty of many wrongs. 
Point 2: Chrsitianity orders its followers to love their enemies!
Point 3: ShivSena is pretty much mainstream in Maharashtra.
What would a smart Christian do in such a scenario?
He would accept the Shiv Sena's offer. An extremist but still mainstream party is very dangerous, and for the sake of pandering temporarily to Christians or not, helping renovate/ church/ mosque etc has a way of slowly de-radicalising radicals. ShivSena, if allowed to renovate the said church, will make a large hue and cry about it - and will feel vary the next time they have to blacken a Christian priest's face for whetever alleged crime against Hindus. The mainstream exremism will mellow. You can bet on that. In fact, such close interaction of the Sena with the City's Christians will have a soothing effect on many Sainiks. Close interaction always reveals the big eveil enemy to be as human as you are, and whether they like it or not, they will change. Witness how after the ecent bus blasts, the Sena and the Muslim Youth Council both called for a bandh and spoke in joint meetings. 
What would a God fearing Christian do?
He would remember what Jesus said. The Sena has never really turned its ire on Christians the way it did with Muslims. So as it is, Christians have a lot less to forgive. But then, they are obligated to forgive the Sena for whatever its past transgressions are. Forget what the smart-alecky Christians say - Jesus wanted you to forgive, and set an example. For all you know, you can even treat the Sena's offer as some kind of a subtle apology or overture if you like. Take it. 
Love Uncle Bal. Love his cub. Jai Maharashtra.
 
