gospelgana@hotmail.com
Web: http://gospelgana.faithweb.com
There is a great glut of Christian music in all genres at throwaway prices. The imported cassettes are at Rs. 40/- each while the CD's are at Rs. 134/- each. Here's a quick peek into some of the music out there.
Gifts Of Praise -  New Birth Choir (Star Song)
This is great stuff. It has the works. It features some distinctly black singing in very different styles. It has 3 sections. In the young at heart -  'I Love Jesus' is edgy, it has some cool scratching on the turntables, set to rap. In the family section the tempo is stepped down starting with 'Rejoice'. 'Spirit Now' has soul black Gospel singing to jazzy piano play. In the section "hearts, hands and feet" you'll be jiving again to 'Show Some Sign'. In 'Soldiers' you'll burn the floor to what they would call swing. 'I Need your Holy Ghost' will have you on your feet. This is a fun album for people with young hearts and feet and a penchant for shades of hip-hop.
As You Wish - Benjamin (Star Song)
This has some contemporary music set to very serious lyrics. The music is soft rock and slow rock ballads with pop overtones. 'The Narrow Road' sets the tone with it cool acoustic guitar work which later blends into electric. 'As You Wish' has lovely music. But the real thing is the lyrics. 'Heart In Danger' set to soft rock with a throbbing beat is good. The next track is superb - 'You Can't Get To Heaven'..... by living like hell. This is one number where the lyrics and the music are great. 'As Long As There's A Heaven' has the vocals set to acoustic guitar work.
Turn Up The Radio Vol. I (Straightway)
10 original artistes feature here with their #1 hit songs. A sample of the fare. Phillips Craig & Dean (PCD) singing the title song. 4 Him with 'Basics of Life' and Twila Paris with 'God In Control' all of which topped the charts. 'Promise me' set to pop has a soft boy band feel to it. This buy is value for money.
Turn Up The Radio Vol. II (Straightway)
This also features 10 original artistes singing their #1 radio hits. This also has heavy weights like PCD ('Concert Of The Age'), Wayne Watson and Twila Paris but what I found real cool and funky was 'Shine' by the Newsboys and 'Taking your Love For Granted' by the Imperials. You can really dance to these two. This is worth it.
Both Vol. I and Vol. II are like a top of the charts.
A Cappella -  Southern Classics (Star Song)
This is really wonderful. 'Can He, Could He, Would He, Did He' is up beat and has a jazz, rock and roll style. 'I Wish It Would Rain' is peppy. But what's stirring is 'Champion Of Love'. What is spectacular is 'He's Still Working On Me' and 'Hallelujah'. The voices are simply controlled, fluid and expressive all at once. Great singers.
A Cappella -- Christian Classics (Straightway)
This also has some harmonious singing. 'Easter Song' based on the Resurrection is great. 'He Is ... El Shaddai' is beautiful in the way the singers describe God right through the Bible. This song is fantastic. 'Jesus Is the Answer' is another classic. 'What Once Was A River' has a lot of soul and ends this memorable CD.
TRUTH - equation of love (Integrity Music)
This album is a beauty. The title song is one of those great songs where music and words combine to spell out simple basic truths. The lovely 'God Is In Control' follows this. 'People Keep Writing Him Songs' has a punch to it. 'As It Is In Heaven' has excerpts from the Lord's Prayer. 'That's When (He steps in)'/ El Shaddai' is sung with great feeling. 'Lord Send Me' based on Isaiah ends this remarkable compilation.
Way Back Home - Phil Keaggy (Sparrow)
Phil sings to soft soothing music backed by great guitar plucking and runs. The lyrics and music is very contemporary and thought provoking. 'Father -Daughter Harmony' is superb. 'It Could've Be Me' is about the reality that without the support of the Lord I could fall. 'Let Everything Else Go' is great worship. 'Be In Time' is about the brevity of our life. This cassette ends with some intricate melodious guitar play.
One Way -- the songs of Larry Norman (Forefront)
This is a tribute to the songs written by Larry done by various artistes. 'Sweet Song Of Salvation' by Rebecca St. James is peppy. 'Righteous Rocker #3' interpreted by Audio Adrenaline has punch. 'One Way' is a beautiful number sung by Serene and Paul. You have to hear - 'Why Should The Devil Have All The Good Music?'. Honestly you'll get up and dance and join the crowd in the refrain. This song is just cool! This followed by another jive number -- 'The Rock That Doesn't Roll'. They let it rip. 'If God Is my Father' is done to rap by E.T.W. DC Talk, who are rockers, sing an uncharacteristic soft touching ballad 'I Wish We'd All Been Ready'.
Nothing But The Best - White Heart (Star Song)
For all you rock fans out there. This one is for you. It has their hits over the years recorded on CrO2 tape. 'Powerhouse' their no #1 hit is mind blowing. The metal work on this is high energy stuff. 'Independence Day' also has great lead vocals and lead guitar. 'His Heart Was Always In It' is also noteworthy. 'Light A Candle' has original percussion that has a tinge of Indian sound to it but the lyrics top the music. The album ends with their #1 hit 'Heaven Of My Heart'.
White Cross - High Gear (Star Song)
Rock freaks this is also cool. They crank it up for Jesus in 'High Gear' These guys just rock in 'Dancing In Heaven'. 'Coming Home' is a soft rock ballad with the prodigal son as the theme of the lyrics. 'My Love' is about hope and healing through His love. With a total change in tempo you encounter 'I'm  Askin' You Today' which is set to acoustic guitars and a violin. 'I Shout' is high energy and grating when they scream about the love and joy they find in the Lord. They close with a strong plea for the love of Jesus as He walked to Calvary, which is a 'Long Road To Walk'.
CD Rs.134/- and MC Rs.40/- available at O. M. MUSIC  4952372
STORM THE HEAVENLIES -- Live Worship From India Vol I
Abey and Swapna
(Adonai Music)
There was a buzz generated in Kottayam, the city with the anointed Churches and beautiful churches, which will sweep India and the world. It's intense, impatient, imperative and will kick up a Storm in the Heavenlies. It has lots of old a touch of new, some cover some original. Its fast paced, musical and uninhibited. What is new is the treatment of the songs. It captures the fun you have when you are in communion with Him.
The offering starts like a cloud burst and the downpour which follows is fiery, furious and foot stomping - 'Hear O Israel' flows into 'Jehovah Jireh' and peaks with 'Sing Shout'.
Of the original hymns, 'Jesus Emmanuel' is a classic not only in its verse but also in verve. It's what Celeste Snowber Schroeder would call "praying with hearts and hands". The reprise, to a quicker tempo, is inspired worship as the singers and musicians let their hair down and raise their hands. There is a cohesiveness and tightness that comes from performing with their band live everyday. At the same time there is a free creative energy expression present in the singing and permeating the music created by the guitarists,  keyboards,  drummer and percussionist. You go bobbing with the flow as they touch creative highs, to the "zing" of the guitar and the energetic drum beats. 'Let's All Praise" is softer with simple lyrics and a catchy tune and is done to a bunch of different languages. 'Anoint Me' is soothing and healing.
At the eye of the storm is a lovely cover of the Christ-centered song, 'Lord I Lift Your Name'. As their voices interact instinctively, intuitively and harmoniously in this duet, they change tracks and take this track to another level. These Scripture based songs are refreshing specially 'Romans 16:19' and 'Great Awakening' which is based on the prophesies of Joel.
The Lord has once again showered His blessings on the first couple of Indian Christian music. The first ever "live" worship album recorded in India is a humdinger! Way to go Man!!
CD Rs. 200/- MC Rs. 60/- available with Roy Pinto 4186038, The Examiner Book Shop 2673690, Tej Prasarini 4154118 / 4145223 St. Paul's Book Shop 6403312 / 6407127, Omega Music 4952372.
E-mail: abeyswapna@yahoo.com
by Alvin Slaughter
(Hosanna! Music)
 Yes! is true blue stuff. Yes as in Holy Spirit filled Praise and Worship! The musicians set the tempo with lovely inspired runs on the guitar, keyboards and beats on the skins. Then Alvin's heart felt voice sets Fire to the harmony as the choir join in the fun as they extol "Jesus You Are Welcome". In "God is Good" they are at their incredible best. The ministry, the music and the message are magnificent. The joy of God realization hits you as the beats raise your adrenaline. "Move In This Place" is a tender request. In "Alleulijah Praise Jehova" the kid's choir are so cute that it reminds you of Jesus saying, "the Kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these". Praise on the lips of children is .... just hearing it is an enthralling experience. In "Yes Lord Yes" the lyrics and tune will blow you away while you reflect.
The range of praise filled entreaties is incredible. It's got a contemporary urban American sound which has strong shades of black -- as in Gospel, touches of Motown, lovely jazzy ivories and strings. The choir has a depth, style and fluidity which is just....Wow!!. What is endearing is the uninhibited way in which they worship Jesus -- nothing else matters. They are not bothered about sounding "correct"and in the process they are bang on the button. Nothing comes between them and their God!
Alvin says on the jacket that they prayed and sang and prayed more. It shows. The Praise is resounding the Worship intimate. I say Yes! How about you?
 
Anoint Me - Abey & Swapna
(Adonai Musics)
The singing of Psalms is ancient. Scriptures set to scintillating sitar* strains that soothe the senses as your spirit seeks the Spirit -- that's new.
Swapna sings Psalms 23 seeking a soaking -- 'Anoint Me' -- The Lord Is My Shepherd set to Indian fusion. Exotic. As the tabla*, flute and later the acoustic guitar and Abey combine in a minor key, His 'Saving Grace, Saving Power' will move your troubled thoughts in a major way. Rajesh Das' lead guitar gently weeps as V. J. Traven lovely tenor voice begs 'Show Me'.
'Praise Him' has a joyful and bouncy duet between Traven and Abey set to some lovely, renaissance now contemporary, bowing on the fiddle and plucking on the classical guitar. 'Lets Sing' is zippy and bubbly and captures the excitement and Fire of "live" praise. Abey and Swapna sing in voices to some racy runs on the guitar and great percussion.
'I Lift Up My Eyes' and 'I Will Extol Thee' are set to serene sounds as they move you to a place of still silence. In the closure, 'Hallelujah', Traven sings the simple but sensitive lyrics, penned by Ian White, with verve.
Varghese Pallathu's Spirit-expanding lyrics empathize with life-experiences. It's Personalized Psalms. The refreshing Indian improvisations and interpretations strike a chord as the Spirit to spirit sayings stay with you as HE delivers, heals and seals you. It's about turning over a new LIFE not just a leaf -- about hanging out with Jesus -- about getting you into and keeping you in the zone -- Fire and Water. Anoint Me is Anointed!
* Indian instruments.
CD Rs. 300/- MC Rs. 60/- available at all leading music stores.
INTENSE -- NATIONS UNITE
(AdonaiMusics)
Nations Unite is a synthesis of super charged Spiritual singers that reads like the United Nations. Featured are India's leading Praise and Worship leaders, Abraham and Swapna Kalisseril together with Steve Kuban and Kay Morris who hail from Canada and the American John Tussey Jr. The album's style is diverse but deep on Deus. It's up close and personal. Up front and real.
Swapna's searing vocals shock you out of your spiritual stalemate and slumber. She sings the Scriptures to a swinging sound and beat. The guitar touches new highs as your spirit skyrockets and settles on Jesus as she rubs a raw nerve in the reality of 'Intense' -- A testimony to HIS saving love. The electricity generated in the vibrant 'My Life Is In You Lord' and 'This Is The Day' will have you freaking to the riffs on the guitar, the jazzy Sax and the drum beat. The instrumental interpretation of 'Prepare the Way' is mellow.
'The Lord Is My Tower' is the classic from the platinum album of Steve Kuban. During a crusade in the Middle East a short simple song shook Steve's spirit resulting in 'I Will Fight For You' a tuneful track which is truly prophetic and with which all persecuted people will connect.
'Whenever You Pray' starts intimately with intricate plucking on the acoustic guitar and delicate pianoforte play followed by the tabla (Indian percussion instrument); and then as the Spirit leads East meets West and the bass and lead guitar, percussion and sax mingle melodiously. Exotic. 'We Exalt Thee' and 'Lord I'll Exalt Your Name' is Spirit stroking. 'My Heart' is emotion exposing. The final cut 'Let Your Anointing' has soulful singing by Abey with prayerful Spirited sayings by Swapna. The album is Spirit sensitive and strongly Spirited. Intense says it all with no holds barred.
Jump! (For JESUS) - Steve KUBAN
(Spirit Born Music/Praise Inc.)
What do you do if you are gung ho? Agalliao! (Greek) -- just joyfully Jump for Jesus!! Caribbean calypso beats cavort in a cavalier soca style as you cha-cha-cha to the lyrics composed by Steve. The bell, bass drums and bass guitar dominate the title track and the album and as the chord slides with an Aaahaa you'll JUMP. Exuberantly exciting and enchanting.
'Seven Ways To Praise The Lord' is a crash course in praising which is not only enlightening but entertaining. It is guaranteed to change your perspective about prayer and praise.
The percussion in particular the bell and snares in tandem with the bass drum and bass guitar is beautifully set of against the soft ensemble and drone of the keyboards as Steve implores -- 'Welcome Holy Spirit'. You'll be dancing cheek-to-cheek with the Holy Spirit in this tender touching interpretation.
And finally what do you do if you face adversity? Rejoice (Phil. 4:4)! Why? 'I Will Fight For You' penned by Steve has inspirational lyrics which emphasises that the battle is the Lord's and we have to just worship HIM as everything will fall into place no matter what. This ditty of all persecuted troubled anointed individuals is the Word of God which was birthed in Steve's heart during the crusades in the Gulf.
Just 4 will have you jumping for more. So open the neat inlay card, flip the side, add this to your collection of Spirit filled music and join in the fun as you just Jump Jump Jump Jump!!!!
MC available for Rs. 50/-.
Steve's web site http://www.spiritbornmusic.com
Rain Down - Alvin Slaughter
(Hosanna! Music)
When Alvin sings he worships in a manner which has an accelerator effect. This great offering starts with 'Shout' which will get you swinging from the first bars. 'Speak Lord' is heartfelt and is a take off on 1 Sam. 3:10. This track of Bishop Clarence McClendon is infused with an entreaty and request to God to speak and culminates in Hallelujah and Thanks. You'll identify with the words and the tone and tune. Great track. He lets it rip in 'I Believe The Promise'. His rendition is very different from the Hillsong's original but is fantastic. 'I Will Run To You' is emotive and straight from the heart. He puts his soul and spirit in this one. Deeply anointed. The lyrics of this Darlene Zschech number when matched with the voice, interpretation and impromptu talk to God of Alvin is simply soul stirring. I just kept hitting the repeat button on this one.  The anointing flows as he worships in 'Holy Spirit Rain Down'. Your Spirit will join in the glory. Alvin gets up close and personal in the 'You Are The One'. He let you into the secret behind his existence. What is unique is the shift in style from Motown to urban to islands to soul to blues to southern gospel. What is consistent is the passionate, stirring, touching vocals of Alvin and the choral backup. This is deeply moving just like his earlier Spirit filled album "God Can".
I alone am the LORD, the only one who can save you (Isaiah 43:11).
IN THY HOUSE
(Divine Retreat Centre)
Swapna blasts off with 'Rejoice', an irresistible, bubbly, hand raising, foot stomping, contemporary, pop, dance take off on Philippians 4:4, that will get the oomph back into your worship of the Lord. The fiddle delightfully shifts from medieval to Indian folk as you shout exultantly.  This offering is peppered with oriental, Indian music. As Abey soulfully sings 'You Are My Lord Jesus' "I adore you", you hit a high as the heady sounds of  "aaaaahh" filter through, in a minor key, to the taal (rhythm) of an Indian raaga (musical notes) backed by strains from the mridangam, edokka and tabla (Indian instruments). There is also a seamless intermingling of the Indian beat and geet (song) with the contemporary, western, runs on the electric guitar and keyboard in the rendition of 'Jesus' which tugs at your heart. 'When You Pray' has bits of Indian  to country and western which also surfaces in 'I Am The Good Shepherd'. 'Come To Me', 'Jesus, You Are Now Come' and 'Miserable Man' are for those contemplative, though not necessarily quieter, moods. The last has sensitive lyrics set to some incredible, electrifying, rock-influenced runs on the guitar. Peppy plucking on the strings makes you swing to 'The Lord My God Is With Me' and 'How Lovely Is Thy House'. These along with the techno driven 'I Have No One But Jesus' are guaranteed to get you on your feet clapping to the beat. This album showcases a unifying thread in the promises on worshipping the living God while accentuating the enormous diversity in the musical artistry, styles, genre and crafting. Today's generation irrespective of race, color or creed should hit Start in their journey to In Thy House.
MC contact Fr. Augustine Vallooran V.C., Divine Retreat Centre, Muringoor P.O., Chalakudy 680 316 Kerala South India.  Tel. 00-91-488-708193/ 708098 E-mail divine@md2.vsnl.net.in
Abey & Swapna Kalisseril Tel. 00-91-481-564891/561818 E-mail kalisseril@hotmail.com
My sacrifice is a humble spirit, O God; you will not reject a humble and repentant heart (Psalms 51:17).
POWER to the CHILDREN
(TEJ-PRASARAINI)
Right from the title track you will experience through the extremely blessed, gentle, tender, touching, joyful and melodious voices of these children that the kingdom of Heaven belongs to them (Mt.19:14). Hear the harmony of their voices on 'A little talk with Jesus ' and 'Lets Talk about Jesus'  - the name above all names. You'll skip with them in 'If I were a Butterfly' and 'I just keep trusting' and march with them in 'I have decided to follow Jesus'. 'God of Variety' has them joyfully, praising in rap - let everything that has breath Praise the LORD (Ps.150:6). The electrifying runs on the lead and bass guitar coupled with the drums will get your soul and sole jumping for joy. The happiness spreads with 'I've got that joy'. Experience the moving, endearing rendition of 'In His Time' (Ecc. 3), 'Saviour Hear us' and 'Jesus'.  This is a thought provoking, praise, worship and thanksgiving offering by God's children, for all God's children, no matter what age. These children certainly spread the LIGHT through sound. Simply Heavenly! JESUS loves you, kids.
For cassettes, minus-one track, booklet and concerts contact Fr. Peter Gonsalves, Tej-Prasarini on 91 (022) 4154106/ 4154118. (MC Rs. 50/-)
The Spirit produces love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, humility, and self control (Galatians 5:22).
MORE OF THE RIVER
(STEVE KUBAN)
'More of the River' reminds you that what is in the natural manifests itself in the Spirit. It starts like a torrent cascading and gushing down the mountain with the thumping on the keyboards, the drums and the guitar - "This is a Great Day". The fast bubbly pace continues and you are river rafting in "Come to the River of Life" and careening ahead in "There is a River" . The flood "Come as a mighty River" and you'll be overwhelmed and will take the plunge. The Don Moen song, "My Love and my Light" is given a fresh interpretation. The flute in the background reminds you of the chirping of sparrows. Steve testifies to his reason for living. In the "River is here" you are going full steam ahead to the blast of trumpets. All these songs are infused with an effervescent, different beat which is infectious as you go with the flow. On the flip side he asks, "Is anyone thirsty?" - You answer that while you drink to your hearts content. As you flow deeper in the River of Life, the pace settles down. Serenity pervades the music and there is a "Great Awakening" while the gentle Spirit is moving "All over the World". In 'More of the River' you'll be exhilarated, joyous, quenched and refreshed.
MC (Rs. 70/-) available at GLS audio 91 (022) 4930116 / 4922161
Peace is what I leave you; it is my own peace that I give you. (John 14:27)
RAZE
Omega Music
Raze has really cool, religious rap with touches of reggae and pop, a lot of robust rhythms on the guitar accompanied by reverberations on the keyboards.  You'll be on a roll with the drums as you raise your hands and Spirit from start to end with the greatest commandment  - 'I Need Your Love'. If it's alright you'll say Yeah or is it Yo! You'll be upbeat, moving and groving and will let it 'Shine' since you've  "got Your Love in my soul". 'Shouldn't It Be Me' has a vibrant beat to deep rap as "Another One died in my place". 'Hold On' to your faith and don't give in to the pressure as "every things gonna be alright" 'cause You'll 'Never Let Me Down' so 'Listen'. On the flip side you'll really rocket with the runs on the bass and the rugged beat on the drums and you'll 'Pump It Up' for Jesus and give it up to the Lord as you go from darkness to a 'Brighter Day' as you go free "Cause the Son came down He was hammered on a tree". For that you'll start by saying 'Thank You' to Him for the trials and the higher ground. You'll shout "Yeah" while you "put your hands in the air". In 'The Way' the beat is gentle as they ask Him to "lead me on to the place I belong". You'll be roaring and rapping to the reprise, 'I Need Your Love'. You'll have a rollicking time ripping hell apart to righteous rap which will show you the road and put you back on the rails.  Yo!
MC (Rs. 55/-) available at Omega Music 91 (022) 4952372
Praise him with drums and dancing (Psalms 150:4).
SHOUT TO THE LORD - 2000
WITH HILLSONG MUSIC AUSTRALIA
(Hosanna ! Music)
This album -  which is number two on the US Christian charts and has made its way on the Billboard charts - is not a "buzz". It is a movement which will propel you into the "Jubilee" year with it's  powerful sound and sound praise. The crowd claps and whistles, the guitar rocks, rages and is plucked, the keyboards pound and the drums drive the music of three gifted singer / songwriters who worship to strains of contemporary rock, soul and jazz. The praise blasts off with Darlene Zschech, who like all "born agains", just 'Can't Stop Talking' about the "free gift" "if He did it for me, He can do it for you". She "walks by faith and not by sight" because she has 'Friends In High Places'. Since 'God Is In The House' 'All Things Are Possible'. Ron Kenoly sings, with the "Fire", his evergreen, eternally true composition, 'Jesus is Alive' - yesterday, today and forever. Darlene tenderly requests God to 'Breathe on Me' and fill her so that 'My Heart Will Trust' implicitly 'The Potter's Hand' as He moulds us in His likeness. She is grateful in thankful phrases in 'Love You So Much'. The renewed Spirit exults energetically in 'That's What We Came Here For' to joyfully praise as we share in the Resurrection as 'My Redeemer Lives'.  Alvin Slaughter acclaims, as he sings in the Spirit, 'God Is Good' all the time. 'Shout To The Lord', written by Darlene, is an anthem. Ron sets the tone singing straight from the heart. Darlene's searing, soothing voice takes over and finally Alvin takes off on a soul interpretation which is picked by Darlene - the "Anointing" overflows. As you are renewed, refreshed and rejuvenated, the guitar gently weeps and your heart cries out, 'Glory To The King'. You'll rise on 'Eagles Wings' as you are quenched and will be dancing joyfully to the strumming of the guitar as you pray, 'Hear Our Praises'. The Presence is palpable in the power in praise. Just Worship.
VCD (Rs.525)/CD (Rs. 430)/MC (Rs. 60) available at Omega Music 4952372 / 4921652, Melvin 912 332099 / 9623 986775, Salvation Seva Kendra 4303626.
FOR BOMBAY INDIA dial 91 (022)
Clap your hands for joy, all peoples!
Praise God with loud songs! (Psalms 47:1).
RIVERS OF JOY - Don Moen
(Hosanna! Music)
Mellifluous voices sing meaningful verses that mingle with melodious music as your mind, soul and senses are refreshed. 'We Give You Glory' as "we offer our lives as a living sacrifice", sings Don Moen reverentially.  The verse, tune, and beat is joyful in 'I Will Rejoice' in the Lord always and again I say rejoice as we have O what a 'Glorious God'. Then Paul Overstreet, the songwriter joins in the merriment with 'God Is Good'. The joyful noise is jubilant, holy and exultingly glad in 'Celebrate The Lord of Love'. From the depths of the bass run you will jump to the drum beat and will soar with the jazzy blasts of the trumpets. The joy overwhelms you as it flows into an upbeat reprise of 'God Is Good' all the time and all the time God is good. The joy is serene in 'You Make Me Lie Down In Green Pastures' as you peacefully 'Come To The River of Life'. The perennial, perfect bliss in total surrender and complete humility is eternally glorified in Mary's answer, 'Be It Unto Me' as the Truth that sets you free is carved upon your heart as you accept His will. Leann Albrecht's heartfelt request is 'Heal Me O Lord'. 'Lord We Welcome You' and 'Jesus We Enthrone You' as we worship and 'Shout To The Lord'. The joy is exultant as it flows all over the album in various colours, moods, meanings, expressions, degrees, sounds and beats and is birthed in our hearts. The Streams in the Desert merge with the Rivers of Joy as the offering culminates with ecstatic thanks to whom else but 'Jesus You Are So Good'.
CD/Cassettes available at Melvin 912 332099 / 9623 986775, Joyful Noise - Salvation Seva Kendra 4210881 / 4303626, GNFA 4316993 / 7577297 Omega Music 4952372.
You have changed my sadness into a joyful dance (Psalms 30:11)
TOUCHING HEAVEN CHANGING EARTH
(Hillsong Music Australia / YWAM)
The drums roll, Darlene Zschech shouts "Hallelujah" and then her passionate, searing  voice powers the praise in 'That's What We Came Here For', which will have you jumping for joy in the Holy Ghost. The blistering beat turns the heat up a couple of degrees in 'Touching Heaven Changing Earth' as they focus on the God of heaven and ask for a revival so that His WILL be done on earth as it is in heaven. Then Russell Fragar is joined by Darlene in an explosive, scorching duet, to memorable music, which is driving, distinct and dynamic, in which the Word bursts into Flames and every heart is set ablaze as He ignites the 'Church on Fire'. As you meditate to the upbeat, 'Yes and Amen' and 'You gave me Love' and the soothing, 'Holy Spirit Rain Down', 'My Greatest Love is You' and 'Jesus You're all I need', you'll surrender totally to 'The Potter's Hand'. These tender lyrics will tug at you heart. Right through the album the uninhibited, backing vocalists sing from the soul to music which can best be described as raw, jazzy, jive interspersed with bits of pop and contrasted with tender, gentle notes and chords on the piano and the classical guitar. This is a different beat. Hear it.
CD/VHS/MC distributed in India by Y-Music, Pune (020) 4262103, available at Mumbai Salvation Kendra (022)4303626 / E. L. S. 4379572.
Web: www.hillsongmusic.com.au
Praise the LORD, my soul! All my being, praise his holy name! (Psalms 103:1)
REJOICE AFRICA
(Hosanna! Music)
Huge loops on the African drums, yells of Hallelujah! and a helpful hint from Lionel Petersen, "feel free to get up and shout Africa", is what grabs your attention and gets you grooving and dancing with a zing and bounce in your step. If you like uninhibited, exuberant praise with earthy, African beats then this one is for you. You'll freak out and experience a fun filled flow of freedom in your worship.
It kicks off with 'Praise the Lord All Nations'. The title track, 'Jabulani Africa' (Zulu for Rejoice Africa) has a bouncy bass line, courtesy Abraham Laboriel, and spiritual war cries coupled with wild whoops and shouts, shrieks and screams of joy. The robust rugged beat and hoopla is aided by Justo Almario on the sax and what results is an infectious alchemy which overflows into 'Lift Up Your Eyes'. Alex Acuna, the percussionist, is in his element in 'The Lord on High'. The rolls on the skins and the rhythm is gonna get you by now even if you have two left feet. The dance continues and you'll swing to 'When The Righteous Prosper (Shouts of Joy)'.
With 'Peace' the tempo quietens down to African Gospel with strong soul influences. The mellifluous voices of the Drakensberg Boys' Choir shines through in an incredible rendition of 'Instruments of Peace', which is reminiscent of the liturgical style heard during the Christmas midnight masses of yonder years. The contrast is lovely. The album also features unique, cover versions of 'Forgive', We Cry Holy', 'Behold The Lamb', and 'He is The King' in which the artists breathe a new life into these old hymns in a style which is ethnic, South African in sound, rhythm and interpretation. The musical texture and weave reminded me in parts, of the secular album "Graceland" of Paul Simon. If you dig that sound then this ones a winner as it goes beyond in a different realm.
VHS/CD/MC available at Melvin 912 332099 / 9623 986775, The Examiner Book Shop 2673690, Tej Prasarini 4154118 / 4145223 St. Paul's Book Shop 6403312 / 6407127, GMFA 4316993, Omega Music 4952372.
For the Jubilee year the Pauline Sisters Bombay Society have come up with an offering to the Trinity which has thankful phrases which will tug at your heart.
JESUS CHRIST  - Favourite Traditional Hymns
This is a compilation of traditional hymns which have been sung to arrangements which are delightfully different. The vocals are rich and harmonious and blend seamlessly with each other and the joyful, accompanying music which is a fusion of semi-classical and modern with a hint of Gregorian and light jazz. As the choral notes and tranquil music cascades and touches your senses, you'll experience a fresh, renewed belief in 'Jesus Christ'. As 'Humbly We Adore Thee' and sing 'Praise To The Lord' who is the 'Rock Of Ages', we rest peacefully in the 'Blessed Assurance' of Psalm 23, 'The Lord's My Shepherd'. The singers acknowledge 'To God Be The Glory', not only 'When Peace Like A River Flows' but under all circumstances. In surrender we beg the 'Sweet Heart Of Jesus' to ensure that 'We stand For God' always. These songs are beautifully crafted and spiritually enriching.
COME HOLY SPIRIT
'Come Holy Spirit' is a plea to be touched with a request 'May Your Spirit' 'Come Into My Heart' and make us conform to His will. After the love and peace you are assured of 'Your Security' in His kingdom. You'll be joyfully, boldly marching in 'Life In The Spirit' and you'll go where you've never been before. 'Your Light' will dispel the darkness and gloom with its peppy beat and tune. In our humility 'We Need You' and let us faithfully sing praise 'To You O God'. His patience, kindness and goodness is 'Beyond Words'. Jesus waits with 'Open Arms' so worship Him, He's all you need. 'Light Of The World' is the victory march when you are living by the Spirit. The lilting voices are harmonised in an intimate, fellowship with the Holy Spirit set to melodious, serene and traditional music. The lyrics are sweet and straight from the soul and invoke the gentle persona of the Holy Spirit and extol on the fruit as He touches you at your point of need. Divinely inspired.
OUR FATHER WHO ART IN HEAVEN
'Come Back To Me', says the Father to the prodigal son, who realises his sinful, unworthy nature and requests the Father to 'Take Me  Home'. 'Here We Come' to worship and 'We Praise You' is lively and joyous. But 'In The Depth Of My Soul' you realise 'For God So Loved' the world that He gave His only Son. The drums and trumpets herald Jesus, the name above names, the Lamb of God, 'The Sacrifice Of Love'. If you know Jesus you know the Father as He is 'One With Him'. 'You Are There' eternally, Omnipresent. The spiritual journey ends befittingly, to church music, with the Lord's prayer - 'Our Father'. The worship offering to the Father has simple, thought provoking, joyful prayers and lovely, soothing, serene, blissful, melodies set to a traditional tempo. Simply Heavenly.
MC - Rs. 50/- each, available at Pauline Communications Telephone 6436188 / 6402547 / 6424081.
I have not come to call respectable people, but outcasts (Mathew 9:12).
WELCOME HOME
INTEGRITY MUSIC
This 1997 Dove Award - "Praise and Worship Album of the Year" kicks off amidst shouts of joy and "Hallelujah" as Ron Kenoly sings, 'As For Me And My House'. This album is a tribute to the fun and joy you should have when you serve and 'Praise the LORD all Nations'. Then starts the staccato drum beat, the plucking on the guitar and you'll join in the shout, "if you're going through hell don't stop you 'Go Ahead'". This catchy song will stay with you forever. The Caribbean beat takes over on the skins, the maracas and the guitar, and the crowd and you will break into a calypso as the victory of Jesus is tracked from birth to rebirth in us - at the temptation, the transfiguration, the crucifixion, the grave and the ascension. -  Jesus is always the 'Winna Mon'. Yeah Man. In 'I Will Dance' , he pulls out all the stops as the drums roll, the trumpets blast and the guitar and keyboards harmonise. You will laugh, sing, dance to the rhythm and make a joyful noise to some thought provoking rap as you celebrate and praise the Lord, with total abandon, as the music reaches a crescendo. 'Welcome Home' -  to his "prodigal son", Tony, is not only a personal, touching, humorous though serious testimony but is also a tribute to the eternal love of the heavenly Father. The duet with his brother Mark has two outstanding, contemporary, black, Gospel, soul singers harmonising melodiously in pure worship of Jesus - the 'Centre of My Joy'. Finally you'll be 'Sweeping Through The City'. This man sings with the Fire and combines musical artistry with meaningful messages. Buy this and all his "Praise and Worship" offerings - they are anointed and HIS praise will always be on our lips.
VCD/VHS/CD/MC available at Omega Music 4952372 / 4921652, Melvin 912 332099 / 9623 986775, Salvation Seva Kendra 4303626.
ALMIGHTY GOD
(Brentwood Music/ Y-Music)
This is a timeless thought provoking vintage collection of 17 soul stirring songs that are diverse and varied in style and artistry but are unified cohesively in the worship of the Almighty God. It features the rich vocals, ranging from soul, modern, jazz to light classical, of some of the most skilful songwriters, musicians and Dove award winners of this decade set to lovely contemporary musical arrangements, on the acoustic guitar, the violin and the piano,  which are rousing and dynamic but not deafening. 4 Him reminds you that Jesus meets our needs 'Where There Is Faith'.  With Twila Paris 'We Bow Down', as Michael W. Smith glorifies in a great track 'Great Is The Lord'. Rich Mullins is joyously exuberant and memorable as he 'Sing Your Praises To The Lord' to a fusion of semi classical piano work with contemporary guitar riffs and beats. Clay Crosse sings tenderly 'I Surrender All' to the Father. 'Arise My Love' as the grave can no longer hold the King.  Larnelle Harris exclaims 'I've Just Seen Jesus'. We are free because 'Love Found A Way' reaffirms Wayne Watson. We are all 'Seekers Of Your Heart'. Michael Card rejoices in 'Love Crucified Arose' as He has won the victory and has 'Risen Again' and 'We Will Glorify' the Lord. To love God love people, that is The Centre Of The Mark'. It is Your 'Stubborn Love'  that never let's go of me says Kathy Troccoli. Michael W. Smith's 'Friends' are friends forever made it on the US Christian and the Billboard charts, while Michael Card's worship in 'El Shaddai' is  truly heartfelt. You will have a tinge of regret when the musical artistry comes to a close. However remember that worship is eternal so join in the joyous 'Be Ye Glad'.  The offering is delightful to the soul and senses as you transcend the worldly to worship in the  Spirit, the splendour and glory of God.
MC distributed in India  Y-Music, Pune (020) 4262103, Mumbai - Joyful Noise, Salvation Seva Kendra 4303626 / 4210881 fax 4325559 and all Christian book shops.
This is impossible for man, but for God everything gis possible (Mathew 19:26).
ALvin SlaughTeR - GOD CAN !
(Hosanna! Music)
Listen, all you youth and young at heart. This ones for you. If I sound like a preacher preaching or a Sunday school sermon then just let the music speak for it self. Don't tune out, but check it out full blast.  "The most effective worship leaders are those who love to worship," says Slaughter. "Worship is contagious and I'm not ashamed to dance, shout, or sing before the Lord exuberantly. If others see my genuine passion to love, obey, and glorify the Lord, they might want to do the same." That's true. I was feeling low and out of tune. Then I heard the burst of drumbeats, the keyboards the incredible running bass line and the lyrics "Lay down your burdens at the altar, Cast all your cares upon the Lord".  I did just that and in seconds I joined Alvin dancing and praising with 'Shouts of Joy'. I know, "JESUS is in the house" always. In the title track, 'God Can', which was nominated for the 1997 Dove Award "Contemporary Gospel Song of the Year", while moving to the "Anointed" music you are reminded that "It's not by might but by His Spirit" (Zechariah 4:6b) as "for God everything is possible" (Mathew 19:20). 'More than Enough' has lyrics which are eternally true and which you will identify with. The "free praise" in the 250 strong choirs' rendition of  'Holy, Holy, Holy' is joyous and contagious and you'll be amazed at the musical interpretations of just two glorious words, "Praise Him". Right from the first notes on the keyboard in 'God Gives His Children A Song' you will experience, like Paul and Silas (Acts 16:25-26), the power in praise.  You will break the chains of your sadness and hopelessness and you will exultantly join in the singing, shouting and dancing. The "Worship" songs are simple, sincere and straight from the heart. Just raise your hands, close your eyes and sing or hum along and experience the "outpouring of the Holy Spirit". You'll be rejoicing, 'When We All Get To Heaven'. This "Live" album has 16 contemporary, black, Gospel worship music, which are "cool", "hip" and Scriptural. This Angel-Award recipient garnered a 1997 Dove Award nomination for "Praise and Worship Album of the Year," This is a collectors album. Trust me. Did you know that Hallelujah means, Praise the LORD ? So always give thanks, pray, and praise. Hallelujah!
VCD /CD/Cassettes available at Omega Music 4952372 / 4921652, Melvin 912 332099 / 9623 986775, Joyful Noise 4303626.
PraiseHouse 2
(Brentwood Music / YWAM Publishing)
Yesterdays praise and worship music is computer generated, re-mixed, modified and packaged for today's generation with a sound that is futuristic. The music redefines sound itself and could be described as techno, hypersonic, cyber jazz which at a sub particle level worships the eternal God.  You'll sing 'Hallelujah To The Lord' to a beat which is in tune and in beat by being off beat.  The 'People Of God', who are called by name party, celebrate and praise. 'I Stand In Awe' of You as You are beautiful beyond description. So 'We Bow Down' as we worship you Lord and seek shelter as 'You Are My Hiding Place'. To oriental strains, which are raw but alive, you ask to a computer altered voice 'Lead Me Lord' since 'Soon And Very Soon' I am gonna see the King and He will make 'Something Beautiful' out of my life. When we take refuge in the 'Sanctuary' 'We Will Bow Down' to the King of creation and of our lives. This diametrically different definitive praise and worship  album has a Net2Phone to God so if  you are a computer nerd and you are into spiritual wars, surf the sound and Add this to Favourites.
MC distributed in India  Y-Music, Pune (020) 4262103, Mumbai - Salvation Seva Kendra 4303626, and all Christian book shops.
TIME TO BELIEVE- Clay Crosse
(Reunion Records/ Y-Music)
Clay Crosse won the Best New Artist at the 1995 Dove Awards. This album has very contemporary beats and ballads as it deals with the times of trouble trials and tribulations. The times of reflection remembrance and reckoning in our lives when we move from hopelessness to hope based on faith as 'His Loves Comin' Over Me'. When you are surrounded by the icy grey world with its shining, deceiving lights just put your faith in Him as its 'Time To Believe' that 'His Love Is Strong', good, right and enough. The acoustic guitars, drum beats, trumpet blasts and great piano fingering of the earlier tracks turns soft and sedate as 'I Turn To You' in my hour of desperation. On the flip side the beat is once again stepped up joyously to modern pop overtones. To a peppy drum beat and bass guitar he is praising and 'Givin' My Love'. Then on a superlative soft rock ballad Clay's goes on a spiritual soul stirring search as he lets 'The Rock (That Was Rolled Away)' be his cornerstone. When he was thirsty he drank 'Love From The Sweetest Cup'. It's time for celebration and rejoicing since He's coming back 'Just Like He Said He Would Come'. Clays soulful soothing vocal chords gently relaxes while reminding you that no matter what the circumstances or the time, past present or future, -- 'God Is Love' eternally. So believe and delight in Him.
MC distributed in India  Y-Music, Pune (020) 4262103, Mumbai - Joyful Noise 4303626 / 4210881 fax 4325559 and all Christian book shops.
 
