Posted on February 21, 2011 by The Voice Of Bombay's Catholic Laity
The Caste system among Indian Christians is attributed to the assimilation of local Hindu practices, which has caused caste distinctions to be retained after conversion. SomeChristian groups have adapted the Indian caste system in diverse ways across the subcontinent, often reflecting their own stratification by sect, location, and the castes of their predecessors.[1] Social practices among certain Indian Christians parallel much of the discrimination faced by lower castes in other religious communities, as well as having features unique to this community.
Caste distinctions among Indian Christians are breaking down at about the same rate as those among Indians belonging to other religions. There exists evidence to show that Christian individuals have mobility within their respective castes[2]. But, in some cases, social inertia cause old traditions and biases against other castes to remain, causing caste segregation to persist among Indian Christians.[3] About 70-80% of Indian Christians are Dalit Christian, members of the Dalit or backward classes.[4][5][6][7]
Christian castes by region
Kerala
Christians in Kerala are divided into several communities, including Syrian Christians and the “Latin” or “New Rite” Christians. The Roman Catholic Church consists of three rites namely the Syro-Malabar rite, the Syro-Malankara rite and the Latin Rite. The Syro-Malabar and Syro-Malankara rites maintain their traditional Syrian rites and practices.
Syrian Christians, especially Knanaya Christians tend to be endogamous, and tend not to intermarry with other Christian castes[8]. Also, very rarely are there intermarriages between Syrian Christians and Latin Rite Christians (converted in the 16th and 19th centuries) in Kerala; the latter were converted mainly from lower castes where fishing was the traditional occupation. Due to active conversion by Latin Missionaries in the coastal belt of Kerala, the new Latin converts were poor and deprived. So the Government of India gave them the social benefit of OBC status (Other Backward Classes) so that the deprived members of that community can be uplifted. It is a matter of great significance that Missionary activities were done by Western Latin rite missionaries who did not understand the significance of the caste system in India. None of the Syrian Churches ever indulged in these kinds of activities among the scheduled castes of India because they were aware of the prejudices of the caste system.
Syrian Christians derive status within the caste system from the claim that they are converted Nambudiris, who were evangelized by St. Thomas.[9] There are also significant numbers of converted Christians, Nadar Protestants (SIUC & Pentecostals ) forming 5 % of Kerala population and Nadar Catholics (mainly Malankara Church) forming 1% of Kerala population.
Anthropologists have noted that the caste hierarchy among Christians in Kerala is much more polarized than the Hindu practices in the surrounding areas, due to a lack of jatis. Also, the caste status is kept even if the sect allegiance is switched (i.e. from Syrian Catholic to Syrian Orthodox)[2].
Goa
In the Indian state of Goa, mass conversions were carried out by Portuguese Latin missionaries from the 16th century onwards. The Hindu converts retained their caste practices. The continued maintenance of the caste system among the Christians in Goa is attributed to the nature of mass conversions of entire villages, as a result of which existing social stratification was not affected. The Portuguese colonists, even during the Goan Inquisition, did not do anything to change the caste system. Thus, the original Hindu Brahmins in Goa now became Christian Bāmaṇs and the Kshatriya became Christian noblemen called Chardos. The Christian clergy became almost exclusively Bamonn. Vaishyas who converted to Christianity became Gauddos, and Shudras became Sudirs. Finally, the Dalits or “Untouchables” who converted to Christianity became Maharas and Chamars (an appellation of the anti-Dalit ethnic slur Chamaar). The upper caste Gaonkar Christians have demanded that only their community be given positions on the Pastoral Council of Goa’s Catholic Church.[10]
Tamil Nadu
The cohesion of jatis among caste Christians (eg. Paravas) and the strength of caste leadership are noted by scholars to be much stronger than comparable predominantly Hindu castes in Tamil Nadu[11]. However, discrimination still persists. Lourdunathan Yesumariyan, Jesuit activist notes that “over 70% of Catholics are Dalit converts. But only four out of 18 bishops are from the Dalit-Christian community.” [12]
Andhra Pradesh
60-70 % Catholics are Kammas and Reddys in Andhra Pradesh; the remaining are Protestants from various castes. In India, Christians prefer marrying other Christians (from the same religion).[13].
Under the law
Indian law does not provide benefits for “Dalit Christians”, however Christians have been agitating for the same rights given to Hindu, Buddhist, and Sikh Scheduled castes. Despite the activists point of discrimination due to social tag or status, which doesn’t go away, Justice K. G. Balakrishnan asked:
“ Could the Christians admit that they practise caste system and that Dalits (among them) face social discrimination requiring reservation to uplift their cause? This is not all that easy.[14]  ”
Some Christians also oppose the proposed labeling of “Christian Scheduled castes” because they feel their identity may be assimilated. Pastor Salim Sharif of the Church of North Indianotes “We are becoming another class and caste.”[15]
Caste discrimination among Indian Christians
Incidence
Caste discrimination is strongest among Christians in South India and is weak or even nonexistent among urban Protestant congregations in North India. This is due to the fact that inSouth India, whole castes converted en masse to the religion, leaving members of different castes to compete in ways parallel to Hindus of the Indian caste system[16].
There are separate seats, separate communion cups, burial grounds, and churches for members of the lower castes,[17][18] especially in the Roman Catholic Church.[19] Catholic churches in India are largely controlled by upper caste Priests and nuns[20]. Presently in India, more than 70% of Catholics are Dalits, but the higher caste Catholics (30% by estimates) control 90% of the Catholic churches administrative jobs [21]. Out of the 156 catholic bishops, only 6 are from lower castes[1][22].
Criticism
Many Dalit Catholics have spoken out against discrimination against them by the Catholic Church. A famous Dalit activist with a nom-de-plume of Bama Faustina has written books that are critical of the discrimination by the nuns and priests in Churches in South India.[23]. Pope John Paul II also criticized the caste discrimination in the Roman Catholic Church of Indiawhen addressing the bishops of Madras, Mylapore, Madurai, Cuddalore, and Puducherry in late 2003. He went on to say “It is the Church’s obligation to work unceasingly to change hearts, helping all people to see every human being as a child of God, a brother or sister of Christ, and therefore a member of our own family”[24].
Like this:
Be the first to like this post.
About The Voice Of Bombay's Catholic Laity
Bombay Laity
