Why We Joined The Chennai International Christian Church
{Nagaraj and Miraj were part of the Mumbai ICoC. They were asked to be Shepherds of the Mumbai ICoC but they refused. After doing their best to revive/change things out there, they left the church and came to Chennai to be part of the Chennai Christian Church. Nagaraj was the Chief of the ‘Western India Institute of Aeronautics’ in Ahmedabad. He resigned his job and moved to Chennai along with his family. They were restored in the Chennai International Christian Church. Raja}
Matthew 28 : 19 – Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Nagaraj and Miraj getting restored!
Nagaraju Myakala reports:
I, come from a Hindu background and became a disciple in December 1992. Life was great for some time. I was working for the Indian Air Force. I used to stay in Mumbai. I served in the office during daytime and evenings went serving God in the ministry. In 1994 I got married in the church. After two years, in 1996 I got a transfer to Chandigarh, in North India. I was posted there for six years. Since there was no church in Chandigarh I would go with my wife to New Delhi to attend the Sunday Service.  There we met Raja and Debbie. They were responsible for discipling me and my wife Miraj. They loved us wholeheartedly and took care of us.  In 1996 my son Stephen was born and in 1998 we adopted a baby girl whom we named as Sarah. Since there was no church there, with the help of Raja and Debbie we started a church.
In 2001 I got a transfer to Baroda in Gujarat which is located in the West of India. There too  we had no church. Raja and Debbie no longer discipled us now, since the region had changed. We tried to start a church there but were not successful. We were there for 4 years but the journey with God slowed down. Sin crept in and I started drifting away from God. I believe that’s the reason God wouldn’t bless us.  I not only started to give but also started to take bribes at work.  Also I started watching pornography on the net and this hurt my relationship with God and my wife. From 2001 to 2009, for 8 years my spiritual life only went down with no discipling from the scriptures. My lukewarm life style was not challenged and my compromised living was accepted by all. I couldn’t confess my sins to anybody in the church because I heard many disciples discussing about others’ sins. I didn’t want my sins to get exposed. After many change of locations due to my job, I took up a private job in Ahmedabad and left my wife and kids in Mumbai. This was to chiefly punish my wife by making her feel lonely. My life was so unstable.  I couldn’t trust anybody or take help. In October 2008, I really got tired of my sinful life and decided to move to Chennai and speak to Raja about all my sins and get rid of it.  But I couldn’t do that because I thought if I confess my sin I will not be able to continue in it again. I’ll have to stop everything therefore I remained silent but I always felt guilty. Once I was invited for a party given by my friend along with all the top officials.  Everyone came and the men started having drinks. I did not join them but was very much present in the party.  During the party I felt very guilty that being a disciple what am I doing here? Then I decided no matter what happens I will move to Chennai and take help from Raja because he always kept in touch with me no matter where I was and encouraged me to do great things for God.  I resigned my job and moved along with my family to Chennai. I confessed all my sins and got restored along with my wife. My family is happy here. My children got admission in a good school. I believe God will bless me also with a job in Chennai so that we all can be together and serve God. I am really excited to be in Chennai. The day I came all were there to welcome me. I met all the brothers and was really excited to serve God once again whole heartedly. I have started evangelizing again and have started studying the Bible with people. Once again I am back on my mission. I am looking forward to saving many souls in any part of India. Read more »
Date: September 7, 2009
