Please pray for me our family blessing , financial blessing and children s study.
By Varghese Daniel, Mumbai
Sickness
Pray for my backpain and rightside of my body is suffering from pain. Doctors cannot reveal the cause I need divine healing.
By Nitha, Canada
job and healing
please pray for my husband simon, he is having high cholesterol, spondylosis. he is not having a permanent job. recently a visa to go abroad is getting ready but he is now not willing to go, please pray for the change in mind, do pray for me, i was also working in aprivate firm but due to delivery i had to resign. now i am not having a job. please pray for our only child edwin whom god gave us after eight years.
By lizymol, Trivandrum
pls pry for me and my husband to heal his posoriasis & my fistula.
By Shini, Dubai
Pray for my Dad
Please pray for my Dad suffering from high diabetic problem, so having leg pain can't stand and walk, Please pray for Dad & our family
By Dolly, Bombay
Please pray for us to blessed with a baby.
By Rachel , Dubai
Prayer to buy house
I'm married and now lost my job. With lot of difficulty I managed to collect some money to buy a house. Please pray that God will intervene and help me buy a house with the limited money I have. Also, I lost my job. Please pray that God will help me get a job.
By Mariamma, Florida
For a job
please do pray for my husband and myself to get good job, my husband will be getting a visa to go abroad within this week but he is not willing to go immediately. It is with much pain we got it,so please pray for the change in mind and to go immediately. there are still family problems to be solved.please do pray so that i also may get a job abroad.
By vlizymol, Trivandrum
Break the bondages in job and finance
Please pray for me Eventhough I am in a good position in job I cannot succed due to unexpected obstructions in job aswell as in finance and family life,. As i am looking for a transfer to my home town to be with my family please pray for me .please pray for me to get free from bondages and family curses.
By Sabu, Kochi
Please pray for my family... I want a baby... plz pray for a baby
By Anubha, Bangalore
Kindly pray for me to get a job and to overcoe all the financial problems.
By Jissmol, Abu Dhabi
Peace of mind
Please pray for me and my family for peace of mind and also for the better position in life of our children.
By Thomas, Abu dhabi
Job Change
Would like change my job, present working company has no more projects, they informed me to find out new job soon.
By Johnson, Abu Dhabi
Please pray for healing of headache and ringing ears.
By Aaron, Maveilkara
For healing & for brothers marriage
Please pray for me bec I am suffering with Tb and help us to find the perfect match for my brother as soon as possible.
By Shini, India
To get job for my sister
Please pray for my sister,she is searching job.
By Jose, Dubai
Now, after our marriage 5 year completed we have no baby, please pray for us
By joshy, Wayanad
Sick Healing
pray for my husband suffering from high blood pressure please pray for my brother &son to solve their visa problem &sickness& fill with holy spirit
By Shibijoji, Riyadh
Please pray for our family
We are from ancient catholic family.Only we are Sibin and asha baptised from Dubai church of God. Please pray for complete healing of our two children, so my wife and children live with me in gulf together.
By Sibin K Baby, Anchal
No child
We are married for 9 years, but no child yet. We took lot of medications without any result. Please pray for us.
By Sabna, Abudhabi
JOB
Please pray for me to give a new good job,and also pray for in my family.
By Deepu Jacob, Ranny
Now, 9 years after my marriage. still, we have no child. Please pray for us.
By Reji, Kannur
Please pray for healing of my spinal code & both legs. thanks
By Sasikumar, London
No child
We are married for 9 years but not child yet. Took lot of medicine but no benefit. Only God can do miracle. Please pray for us.
By Sabna, Abubhabi
Study well
Please pray for me to fill with holy spirit to get good memory to study well and to avoid all my bad habits .and pray for my family members.
By Alina e joji, Riyadh
Financial blessing
Kindly pray for the financial get from the God, I and my wife are working here and both of the job blessed from the God. Nobody touch our jobs expect Jesus Christ. Now we have some problems for the Job
By Biju, Saudi
My neighbour is suffering from diabetes.Please pray for her healing and for knowing Jesus Christ
By Ambili, Canada
Sick healing
I have arthritis and i am suffering from so much of pain. pls pray for me my complete healing.
By jincy, Abudabi
Pray for my Family
Please pray for my family as we face this terrible legal issue and it is very urgent. I pray with God's help and mercy upon us we will be saved with a happy miracle soon. I also pray for my daughter who needs God's blessings upon her to get through her accounting exams very well.
By Mariana Peiris, Sri Lanka
Financial blessing
Please pray for my financial blessing & success In my business.
By shaji Varghese, Mumbai
for nursing exam
please pray for my exam. I am writing msc nursing 2 end year final exam from may 4th onwards, plz pray for me
By Naibin, banglore
Financial blessing/Sick healing
Pray for my financiall needs. I am suffering due to Back disc problem so having swelling on both leges,Having sugar,BP.Asthma and other problem.Pray for my healing.
By Joseph, Beroda
