Contact Us
Nigerian Missionaries Rescued; Another Mission Base Under Terrorist Attack
June 26, 2012 - "Just as I am writing this evening, a whole village in southern Kaduna is fighting. We have five missionaries there now. They are helping to comfort and shelter unprepared villagers who fled in terror as heavily armed Muslim militants invaded without warning."
Tent-making projects for Togolese
June 21, 2012 - WFC has sent missionaries to the field most of whom receive no support, necessitating “tent-making” businesses to generate income and be accepted within their mission field without drawing suspicion. In most cases, having a small shop is the only way to successfully enter an unreached tribal village.
Native Nigerian Missionaries and Converts Under Siege From Muslim Terrorists
June 19, 2012 - "Terrorists have struck again. This time we had to evacuate our missionaries from Kandawa fields as Muslims militants discovered the work and threatened them."
Update: Native Missionaries Struggle with the effects of Typhoon Washi
June 18, 2012 - Christian Aid has received update reports from two indigenous ministries that we support in the Philippines chronicling the ongoing relief effort after the devastation caused by Typhoon Washi last year.
Danger Surrounds Syrian Missionaries
June 12, 2012 - An indigenous missionary from nearby Lebanon crossed the border to baptize a believer last week. Instead, he had to bury him - shot in the head as a martyr for his recently found faith in Jesus Christ.  Native missionaries continue to share gospel CD's, baptizing new believers and delivering food and medical aid to suffering Christians in Syria while violence rages around them.
Reaching the Ceiling of the World
June 08, 2012 - The Churches of Ayacucho is a fellowship of churches that seeks to penetrate the desolate Peruvian Andes and reach the tribal people who reside there in extreme poverty, isolated from the outside world.  About 150 full-time missionaries preach the gospel to these destitute Quechua Indians.
How solar panels help Burmese church planters
June 05, 2012 - Almost 99 percent of the remote villages of Burma have no electricity. As a result, there is virtually no activity after sunset. There is no opportunity for Church Planters to visit or have the people come for a Bible study.  Solar panels provide sufficient light for Church Planters to hold Bible Studies at night.
Lebanese Aid to Syrian Refugees
June 04, 2012 - Native missionaries went ahead with plans to baptize new believers and delivered food packages to suffering Christians in Syria over the weekend according to Christian Aid Mission in Charlottesville, Virginia.“Pray that the Lord´s peace will cover the country and that the killing of those who are innocent will end,” said a missionary leader who asked that his name not be used for security reasons.
New to Christian Aid?
Learn who we are and what we do.
Understand our vision and see the strategy. A reformation is taking place in foreign missions methodology!
