Act Now! Treat those                  Scratches
 
God's Love, Shalom , Christian, Mumbai, India, Peace, Shalomindia, Jesus,  Grace, Faith
Lord Promising to Build His Church
I will build My church. (Mat:16:18)
This promise  for every follower of Jesus Christ. "I will build     My church. " Each of the five words in this brief declaration     reveals an essential truth of Christian life and service.
First, this promise discloses who will build the church. "I (Jesus)     will build My church. " Jesus is the builder of the church, not man.     He wants to use us in the process, but He is the builder. Paul     understood this arrangement. "According to the grace of God which     was given to me, as a wise master builder I have laid the     foundation" (1Co_3:10). By the grace of God, Paul served the Lord.     As he went about proclaiming Christ, the Lord was using him to lay     the foundation (Christ) in lives that were being saved and     individual churches that were being started.
Second, Jesus' promise reveals the certainty of His church being     built. "I will (assuredly) build My church. " There is no room for     doubt. Jesus will do what He is promising. The only question for us     is whether or not we will be available as a part of this wondrous     process. The Lord wants to make us usable for His work: "sanctified     and useful for the Master, prepared for every good work" (2Ti_2:21).
Third, this promise indicates the manner in which the Lord wants to     work. "I will build (construct) My church. " As with any     construction project, there are both the quantitative and     qualitative aspects. The Lord saves souls, adding them to His church     in a quantitative increase. "And the Lord added to the church daily     those who were being saved" (Act_2:47). The Lord also enriches
those He saves, bringing to His church qualitative development. "And     with great power the apostles gave witness to the resurrection of     the Lord Jesus. And great grace was upon them all" (Act_4:33).
Fourth, His promise settles the issue of ownership. "I will build My     (Jesus') church. " The church does not belong to the Pastor, the     Church Board, or the District Office. It is Jesus' church. He paid     the price to redeem us: "the church of God which He purchased with     His own blood" (Act_20:28).
Fifth, this promise specifies exactly what Jesus is going to build. "I will build My church (His people)." The church is not a building.     This word (church) literally speaks of "a called out people." "But     you are . . . His own special people, that you may proclaim the     praises of Him who called you out of darkness into His marvelous     light; who once were not a people but are now the people of God" (1Pe_2:9-10).
Dear Lord Jesus, I honor You as the builder of the church. I rest in     the certainty of Your task being accomplished, both quantitatively     and qualitatively. I see that the church, Your redeemed people,     belongs to You. Also, I humbly ask that You equip me and use me as     You fulfill this grand promise, Amen.
Hoeksta, E-sword
Doing the King's Business   Do business with     this until I return. (Luke 19:13)
At the young age of twelve Jesus said, "I must be about My Father's business" (Luke 2:49). What were you     doing when you were twelve? What are you doing n
ow?     Let me ask it this way, "What must you do with your life?" Sooner or     later we each must be able to answer that question with clarity and     conviction. The sooner the better.
I once read where an economist said, "Unemployment is a     characteristic unique to the human species only. All other creatures     and created things seem to know what they are supposed to be     doing-and are doing it." Do you know what you're supposed to be     doing? And, are you doing it?
General William Booth, founder of the Salvation Army, was asked the     secret of his amazing Christian life. Booth answered, "I told the     Lord that he could have all that there is of William Booth." God     took that one life, filled it with vision, passion, discipline, and     risk-and our world is a better place because of it. What on earth     could happen if you were to fully give your life to Christ? And He     were to fill it with vision, passion, discipline and risk? What army     might you lead for Christ!?
John Wesley wrote, "The Possessor of heaven and earth placed you     here, not as a proprietor, but as a steward." My friends, the King     has entrusted you with His goods, and now He trusts you to use them     to do His business. The question we must answer is, What is the     King's business?
In a sentence it is this - "Jesus went about doing good,healing all     who oppressed by the devil; for God was with Him" (Acts 10:38).
Jesus came to preach the Gospel in a way that went beyond words. He     came to seek and to save that which was lost; destroying the power     of the devil, and giving life abundantly to all who trust Him. Now     He has committed unto us the ministry of reconciliation, that we may     do for others as He has done for us.
That's the King's business. Are you doing it?
Source: Rylisms, E-Sword
 
A Goose in the Chicken Coup
"I press toward the goal for the     prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus" (Philippians 3:14).
Kierkegaard, the Danish philosopher, told a story about a goose who     was wounded and landed in a barnyard with some chickens. He played     with the chickens and ate with the chickens. After a while, that     goose thought he was a chicken.
One day a gaggle of geese flew overhead, migrating home. They gave a     honk up in the sky, and the barnyard goose heard it.
Kierkegaard said, "Something stirred within the breast of this     goose. Something called him to the skies. He began to flap the wings     he hadn't used, and he rose a few feet into the air. Then he     stopped, and he settled back again into the mud of the barnyard. He     heard the upward call, but he settled for less."
Is there a chance that this story is about you?
Are you settling for being less than you know in your heart God has     called you and created you to be? It's not just for your sake that     you must respond to God's call on your life - it's also for all the     other meaningful people in your life. The longer you wait before     answering, the more annoying your life becomes to those around you.     There are few things as disruptive to the peace and well-being of     other people than a person who is running from God. How many lives     are being distressed because you won't answer the call?
And besides, are you really that happy clucking with chickens?
Source: Rylisms, E-Sword
