Christmas Customs
The Christmas Tree
The Christmas Tree is completely catholic in its origin. It is a combination of 2 symbols from medieval days, the paradise tree and the Christmas Light.
From the 11th Century religious plays were performed in the open, in front of the Churches. One popular mystery play was the paradise play. It represented the creation of man, the sin of Adam and Eve, their expulsion from Paradise. It ended with the consoling promise of the coming Saviour, and of His Incarnation. This play was a favourite at Advent.
The Garden of Eden was represented by a fir tree and was hung with apples, from which Eve broke one and gave to Adam.
During the 15th Century these mystery plays were gradually forbidden by the bishops because of abuses creeping in.
But the people did not want to miss the Paradise Tree. So they started putting the tree in their houses once a year, in honour of Adam and Eve on their fest day, 24th December.
The very same day was Christmas Eve. So they had another custom, the Christmas Light, - a symbol of Our Lord. The Light of the World that started shining at Bethlehem
In Germany the Christmas candle was placed on the top of a wooden structure made in the form of a pyramid. This was adorned with tinsel and glass balls.
During the 16th Century the people in Western Germany started combining the two. Was not the Paradise Tree a beautiful live pyramid! They took the tinsel, lights and glass ornaments and put them on the paradise tree (which had apples) Thus they indicated that the paradise tree was no longer a “tree of sin” but now symbolized “the light of Christ”. Cookies and sweets were hung beside the apples to symbolize the sweet fruits of the Saviour redemption.
The Christmas Crib, which had been near the foot of the pyramid, was now put at the foot of the tree. The Star of Bethlehem that adorned the top of the pyramid was put on the top of the tree.
Santa Claus:
When the Dutch went to America, they took along their customs. The Dutch were Catholics, so on 5th December they had the fest of St Nicholas and they had the traditional   visit of St. Nicholas. It was an ancient catholic custom. Their children liked the visit. Soon the figure of Sinter Klaas aroused the desires of the English Protestant children. They too wanted a heavenly visitor.
Their parents were willing to oblige their children. But to the Presbyterian eyes a catholic saint and a bishop was repugnant. They did not want to celebrate a Catholic Feast. So they solved the difficulty by transferring the visit of this mysterious visitor from 6th December to Christmas. And in the 18th Century this figure was completely changed.
Santa Claus no longer stands for the figure of St. Nicholas but for the German God Thor.
Thor was a God of the peasants, and the common people. He was represented as an elderly man, jovial and friendly, of a heavy build, with a long white beard. His element was fire and he was red in colour. The rumble and roar of thunder was said to be caused by the rolling of his chariot, for he alone of all their gods drove in a chariot drawn by 2 white goats, (Cracker and Gnasher), and not on horseback. (In Europe they have storms during Christmas.) He lived in the north, among the icebergs. He was a cheerful and friendly god, never harming men, but rather helped and protected men. The fire in every home was sacred to him, and he was said to come down through the chimney.
Christmas Crib:
The Crib in its present form originated with St. Francis of Assisi. Through his famous celebration at Greccio (Italy) on Christmas Eve 1223, with a Bethlehem scene including live animals, he made the crib popular.
“Blessed Francis called a friend about 2 weeks before Christmas and said to him. ‘If you desire that we should celebrate this years Christmas together at Greccio, go quickly and prepare what I tell you, for I want to enact the memory of the infant who was born at Bethlehem, and how he was deprived of all comforts babies enjoy, how he was bedded in a manger of hay, between an ass and an ox. For once, I want to see all this with my own eyes.” The good man went and prepared everything as the saint had told him.
The joyful day approached. The brethren (Franciscans) were called from all the communities. The men and women of the neighbourhood came and as best they could, they prepared torches and candles to brighten up the night. Finally the saint came, saw everything and rejoiced. The crib was made ready, the baby was brought the ox and ass were led to the spot.
Greccio became a new Bethlehem. The crowds drew near and rejoiced. They sang praises to God. A Solemn Mass was sung at the crib. The saint was a deacon (he never became a priest). He sang the gospel and preached about the nativity of the poor king and the humble town of Bethlehem.
-Fr. Joe Fernandes
top
IMMANUEL -   GOD WITH US.
Christmas is God being born for all of us. He lived a hidden life unnoticed so to say, yet God’s power radiated in and through Him fulfilling the mission entrusted to Him by His Father.
I am reminded of a story of a hidden treasure.   Long ago in a far Eastern Buddhist monastery there was a treasured, very large clay statue of the Budha. Its origin was unknown but it was valuable because of its raw beauty and its size.
The nearby Town council made a decision to allow a new highway to cut through the property of the monastery causing displacement of the monks to a newly constructed monastery. When they were to move it was the rainy season. With the help of a hired crane their treasured Budha      was being moved but the statue was too fragile and suddenly a large crack began to appear in its side. The abbot ordered the crane operator to stop and lower the Buddha onto the open land even though night was falling and with the night the rain. The monks covered the statue from top to bottom with large tarpaulins to protect it from the wind and the rains.
The abbot could not sleep. He worried that the heavy rain would do further damage to their wonderful statue so he got up and with a flash light  he carefully worked his way between the tarpaulins until  he was’ inside’ and able to examine the Buddha. The statue was dry but shining the light into the statue’s crack the abbot Was blinded by bright rays of reflected light. Something in the crack was gleaming that caused him shock and fear.
Early in the morning he sent several of the monks to the’ inside’ of the shelter to confirm what he had seen. They emerged with amazement in their eyes. What could it be? Something was hidden under the clay. Carefully they unwrapped the statue and standing before the Buddha, they prayed for guidance. They together decided to crack the clay from the Buddha to reveal the mystery beneath.
As the clay fell away to the sound of their hammers, a very large, very beautiful, solid gold statue of the Buddha emerged. The monks could hardly believe the unfolding truth before their eyes.” This is so beautiful,” they said to one another.” But how did it get here?” “   Whoever gave us such   a wonderful treasure?” Just think it has been here for hundreds of years and no one knew about it”. Imagine some monks lived and died and never knew about the “Golden Buddha!”. That day the golden Buddha was moved to its permanent home in the new monastery.
Why was the statue covered with clay in the first place? The monks concluded that a very long time ago their monastery might have been threatened by an invasion. Knowing the value of the golden Buddha the monks of old decided to cover its beauty and make it look more unattractive. Perhaps all those monks were annihilated and when others came to re-establish the monastery the clay Buddha was there in their midst but its hidden beauty was covered with clay. A move, a crack, and courageous choice led to the discovery of the true and golden Buddha.
When the monks really saw the golden Buddha, the beauty hidden beneath the clay and the Divine power that emanated from it, filled them with awe and wonder God in His coming- in His emptying of self invites us to open our eyes and our lives to experience His power.
Christmas beckons us to live out the tidings of the Angels that God’s power is grater than all the powers that be. The call of Christmas is precisely this-“ to give primacy to His power by living for others rather than ourselves. It is in unleashing His power that we are enabled to transform the rampant hate and division into His love and peace. This is the essence of the true celebration of Christmas.
“Wake up o man!” for your sake God became man. At Christmas the Almighty becomes a child and asks for our help and protection. His way of showing that he is God challenges our way of being human. He calls us to examine how we understand and live our lives.
At Christmas we contemplate God made man, Divine glory hidden beneath the poverty of a child, wrapped in swaddling clothes and laid in a manger, the creator of the universe reduced to the helplessness  of an infant. Once we accept this paradox, we discover the truth that sets us free  and the love that transform our lives. On Christmas night, the redeemer becomes one of us, our companion along the precarious paths of history. Let us take the hand which he stretches out to us. It is a hand which seeks to take nothing from us, but only to give.
With the shepherds let us enter the stable of Bethlehem beneath the loving gaze of Mary, the silent witness of His miraculous birth. May she help us to experience the happiness of Christmas, may she teach us how to treasure in our hearts the mystery of God who for our sake became man  and may she help us to bear witness in our world to His truth, His love and His peace.
-Sr. Chantal. S.C.B
top
Christmas, a Family feast
The word Christmas comes from the words Cristes Maesse, or "Christ's Mass." Christmas draws everyone into God’s family. Christmas is truly a family feast. That Christ came into the world as a sign of the Father’s love to show the world the truth and the way. If Jesus is not born and reborn in Christian families, all festivities will be futile. As rightly said, The Holy Family is the beginning of countless other holy families. The church repeatedly reminds families of their Christian responsibilities. On the 30th of December’07 we celebrate the Feast of the Holy family.
The family is the first school of Christian love where Jesus is encountered and the ‘other’ is affirmed through caring, sharing and self-denial. The transmission of faith is also brought about in the family. The family is the first unit, the building block, of society and of the Church.
The family becomes the first institution by its togetherness during times of joy and sorrow is projected strongly at Christmas. The scene at Bethlehem depicts a pleasing picture of this family in communion with each other at the birth of a new member.
It is very essential that we welcome Christ into our hearts and relationships and ask him to transform them with His gifts of peace and joy. Only when we allow this “news of great joy” to touch our lives, that we would celebrate the real essence of Christmas in our lives and our relationships. Indeed all our yesterdays will be healed by His mercy; all our ‘tomorrows’ will be illumined by His Spirit and all our ‘today’s’ will reflect the beauty of His presence.
Let Christmas joy permeate our lives, our homes and our relationships and help us recognize the face of the Christ Child.
Valerie Mendes
top
Christ - the true light of the Catholic Church
“God so loved the world that He sent His only Son into the world”. (Jn.3:16) Indeed a gift that is truly life giving. Christmas is an essence of God’s unconditional love and Christ is that light that no darkness can overcome. Christmas is the celebration of the incarnation of God in Jesus the Christ, the self-revelation of God to the world in human form. Christians believe that Jesus is 'the son of God', the Messiah sent from Heaven to save the world.
The 'Christmas story' tells of the birth of Jesus in a stable in Bethlehem, the angels announcing the birth to the shepherds in the fields, and the Magi (wise men from the East) visiting the stable and offering gifts to the newborn child.
It is only in the mystery of the Word made flesh that the mystery of humanity truly becomes clear. The Church highlights this message of hope each year with the celebration of Christmas.
The Church itself is a sacrament, “a sign and instrument both of a very closely knit union with God and of the unity of the whole human race”. And the most venerable sacrament is the blessed Eucharist, in which Christ the Lord himself is contained, offered and received, and by which the Church continually lives and grows.
In the New Testament the presence of the divinity is given a new centre in the person of Jesus. The phrase about the coming of the Word in the first chapter of John’s gospel could be summed up, ‘The Word pitched his tent in the flesh of Jesus’ (Jn 1:14). From now on that flesh is the tabernacle of God among the people. He is, in his own person, what the temple was for the Jews (Jn 2:19-21). All the comings and goings between heaven and earth are to pass through him. For Christians, therefore, the first tabernacle of God is the Body of Christ.
Christmas is not just once a year commemoration and celebration, but that each ‘Eucharist is Christmas’ as the memorial –event of the triple mystery of the Incarnation (God becoming Man), the Nativity (God being born), and the Epiphany (the Infant –God – Man being manifested to the World).
Christmas needs to cease to be just a day, but become a way of life. It is the time Christ came to Mary, Joseph, shepherds and Wise Men. Jesus needs to become incarnate in us too. He gives us the message that God is with us (Emmanuel).
For the church, the entire Christian year centers on the person and the work of Jesus Christ. The yearly Christian festivals remind us of the leading events of the gospel history, and beckon us to participate in worship of Christ.
It is important for us to open our minds and hearts to the Birth of Christ, this event of salvation which can give new hope to the life of each human being.
Valerie Mendes
CHRISTMAS RECIPES
Christmas plum cake
A must-have for Christmas is the rich Christmas plum cake. And once you try it, you will be making it year after year.
Ingredients:
