  GROUP DEPARTURE :- September mid – 2011, October mid – 2011, November mid – 2011,
  February mid – 2012, March mid – 2012, April mid – 2012, May mid – 2012, June mid – 2012
 
   Jordan – Israel – Egypt (8 nights / 9 days)
GROUP DEPARTURES:- HOLY LAND PILGRIMAGE TOUR
Day  01: India - Amman: Mount Nebo
Assemble at Mumbai Airport at 01.15 Hrs. Check-in starts at 02.15 Hrs; Flight departs at 05.15 Hrs. Arrive 08.15 Hrs. at Amman. Meet & assist through all formalities. Then Proceed to hotel for Check in. After lunch proceed to visit Mount Nebo. The trip south of Amman along the 5,000 years old King’s Highway is one of the most memorable journeys in the Holy Land, passing through a string of ancient sites of Jordan, the memorial of Moses, and the presumed site of the prophet's death and burial place. From a platform in front of the church one can enjoy a breathtaking view across the Jordan Valley and the Dead Sea. Here begins our memorable ‘HOLY LAND JOURNEY’. Proceed to Hotel. Dinner, Overnight stay at Amman.
Day  02: Amman- Nazareth-Cana
After Breakfast, Check-out hotel. Proceed to  Sheik Hussain bridge to cross the border. Complete the customs & emigration  formalities. Enter into Israel.  Lunch at Restaurant. Then Visit Nazareth the boyhood town of Jesus and home of  Mary and Joseph and visit the Basilica of the Annunciation built over the  grotto where Archangel Gabriel appeared to announce that she would bear a son,  Jesus.  We also stop by Joseph's  workshop. Then   Visit Cana  where Jesus performed his first Miracle, changing water into wine at the  wedding feast. Check-in hotel. Dinner.  Overnight stay at   Nazareth.
Day  03: Sea of Galilee – Capernaum– Jordan River– Nazareth – Jerusalem
After Breakfast, Check-out Hotel. Visit Mount Tabor.  Visit Capernaum  - the centre of Jesus' ministry after he left Nazareth we stop at Tabgha - the Church of  the Multiplication of the Five Loaves and Two Fishes and the expressive church  of the Beatitudes, where Jesus gave the Sermon on the Mount.  This morning we drive through the landscapes  of Galilee and later for a ride in a replica of a Galilean fishing boat of that  time, on the Sea of Galilee and where Jesus  calmed the storm and walked on the water. We make a stop at St. Peter's house,  the Church of Primacy of Peter   and the place where Jesus bestowed St. Peter  with his authority.  This is believed to  be the place where Jesus dined with his disciples, the flat rock known as Mensa  Christy, Chris's table to commemorate this event.  Lunch.  Visit Yardenit on the Jordan River, the  traditional Baptismal site. Then visit Jericho  where we stop and view Qarantal, the traditional Mount of Temptation and  Sycamore Tree. It is also the place where Jesus stopped on the way to Jerusalem, on the Eve of  the Passover and where Jesus cured the blind man during his stay at Zachaeus  house. Proceed to Bethlehem.  Check-in hotel. Dinner.  Overnight stay  at Jerusalem / Bethlehem.
Day  04:  Old  City Of Jerusalem – Golgotha – Wailing Wall– Ein Karem
Breakfast. Then proceed to the pools of Beit Hasda, where  Jesus held the crippled man. And from there we take the Via Dolorosa (Way of  Grief), traditionally accepted as the last route trodden by Jesus.  Follow the 14 Stations of the Cross to Golgotha, the place where Jesus was crucified marking  significant events along the route.  You  will see the Pilate's Judgments Hall, the Chapel of the Flagellation where  according to tradition, the Roman soldiers scourged Jesus and placed a crown of  thorns on His head the Ecce Homo Arch and the Convent of the Sisters  of Zion.  Early tradition held that Pontius Pilate  stood here and thundered "Ecce Homo!"  Which means "Behold the man?"  Which is Pilate said when he presented Jesus to the crowd.  However, we now know that pagan Emperor  Hadrian constructed the arch.  Below the  Convent are the Lithotrities where Jesus was publicly tried and where the Roman  soldiers mocked him.  The last 5 Stations  of the Cross are inside the Church of the Holy Sepulcher visible from the  distance with  two silver domes.  Also "The Tomb" widely believed to  be the part of the stone that covered Jesus Tomb. Visit the Cenacle – Last  Supper Room, the tomb of King David and – (the other upper room).  Then we go to the Jewish quarter to the  Wailing Wall, which is the holiest place for the Jewish religion. Lunch. Visit  EinKarem, located in the hills next to a little spring. This is the city of  Judah and Birthplace of John the Baptist, son of Elizabeth & Zechariah and  the Church of Visitation. Proceed to Dead   Sea, the lowest point on earth (1305 ft. below sea level), again  make a brief stop at a private beach and take the opportunity to float in the  salty buoyant water, rich in minerals.  Proceed to Bethania .Visit Bethania the Town of Mary, Martha and  Lazarus. Visit Lazarus’s Tomb. Back to hotel. Dinner and overnight stay at Jerusalem / Bethlehem.
Day 05: Mount of Olives – Gethsemane -  Bethlehem
After breakfast, Proceed to Mount of Olives for a panoramic  view of Jerusalem.  Visit sanctuaries of Pater Nester Ascension. Walk along the Palm Sunday road  down to the chapel of Dorminous Flevit where Jesus wept over eminent destruction  of Jerusalem and Garden of Gethsemani.  where Jesus prayed while Judah betrayed him to the Romans.  Visit the Basilica of agony and Tomb of St. Mary. We also will visit the Church of St. Peter of Gallicantu, which  symbolizes Peter's Denial of Jesus as he has prophesied at the Last Supper and  then visit the traditional house of high priest, Caiaphas, where Jesus was  imprisoned. Then proceed to Bethlehem to visit  the shepherds field, which is located in the Judah province. It was here that  the Angel announced the birth of Jesus to the shepherds of Bethlehem during the reign of King  Herod.  Also, here David tended his  flocks until he was anointed King of Israel. Lunch.  We then visit the Church  of Nativity - the birthplace of Jesus  and the City of David,  Manager Square;  Crusaders Cloister  Grotto of St. Jerome. Then we visit Milk Grotto. Dinner and overnight stay at Jerusalem / Bethlehem.
Day  06: Taba – Sinai
Breakfast at hotel. Check-out Hotel. Proceed to Taba. On the  way View Qumran caves, view statue of Loth’s wife & we shall drop by the Red Sea for few minutes.  Arrive Taba. Finish the Customs and Emigration formalities at the Israel side , Enter into Egypt. Complete the emigration and  customs formalities. Then proceed to Sinai [LUNCH ENROUTE]. View the beautiful and historical Sinai Mountains  Check-in hotel. Dinner and   Overnight  stay at Sinai.
Day  07: ST Catherine to Cairo
After breakfast Visit St. Catherine Monastery. Set beneath  the mountain where Moses is said to have received the Ten Commandments.  Saint Catherine Monastery has been one of the  world’s great centers of religious pilgrimage for over fifteen centuries.  Within its imposing walls rests a citadel like no other, incredibly rich in  important religious and historical structures. Among its treasures is a library  of ancient manuscripts and icons second only to the Vatican's itself, and a 6th century  church reputed to lie directly on the site of the Burning Bush. Evening  proceeds to Cruising on the River Nile, dinner & Overnight stay in Cairo.
Day 08:
Pyramids, Sphnix, Old Cairo, Christain  ChurchVisit Pyramids, Sphinx, Old Cairo, Christian Church However, it  traditionally begins with the visit of the Holy Family to Egypt Over Night stay  at Cairo.
Day 09: Cairo
After Breakfast visit Egyptian Museum…proceed to airport for final departure.
 
