Our Bishops
His Grace the Most Rev Dr Philipose Mar Chrysostom Mar Thoma Valia Metropolitan
Having inherited the missionary zeal from his father, Vicar General Very Rev K E Oommen, he graduated from U C College Alwaye and took up the work in the Ashram at Ankola along with Rev. P J Thomas. He received theological education at UTC Bangalore and St. Augustine’s College, Canterbury. He became an ordained minister of the church in 1944 and was consecrated as Bishop with Alexander Mar Theophilus and Thomas Mar Athanasius in 1953.
He was in charge of different Dioceses in Kerala and also was Missionary Bishop for many years. He was President of the National Christian Council of India and has attended the Assembly of World Council of Churches at Evanston in 1954, and at Upsala in 1968. He has been President of the different Organisations of the Church and the Governing Councils of different Colleges. He has attended the second Vatican Council and has thus made very valuable contributions to the ecumenical cause. He has deep concern for the upliftment of the backward communities. Through a registered organization named STARD (South Travancore Agency for Rural Development) he has helped economically backward communities of South Travancore to improve their lot and achieve self-reliance.
The administrative acumen of His Grace is far beyond what words can express. He is a spiritual leader, dynamic enabler, prolific orator, voracious reader, pungent writer, tactful negotiator, valiant defender of the law, compassionate at heart and a wonderful team man. He respects diversity of opinion, but would not easily budge or compromise ethical principles. He retains his lovable ness, humility and simplicity. He is a person with golden tongue, acceptable to all people irrespective of cast, colour or religious commitments.
His Grace the Most Rev Dr Joseph Mar Thoma Metropolitan
Joseph Mar Thoma Metropolitan belongs to the Palakkunnathu family in Maramon from which have come Abraham Malpan, the reformer and the first four Bishops of the Church after the reformation. He had his theological training at the United Theological College, Bangalore and Protestant Episcopal Seminary in Virginia, USA. He also studied in theological institutions in Canterbury, Oxford and was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Divinity by Virgnia Seminary where he studied. He was the President of the National Council of Churches in India and Member of Executive Committees of different development agencies like CASA and ECLOF. He is one of the Senior Presidents of CCA and the Chairman of CASA.Presently, He is in charge of the Niranam ¡V Maramon Diocese.
Suffragan Metropolitan
Rt. Rev. Dr. Zacharias Mar Theophilus Suffragan Metropolitan
After his childhood education at Niranam, he graduated from the Union Christian College, Alwaye and completed his B. Ed training from Titus II College, Tiruvalla. He started his career as a teacher at the Ashram High School, Perumbavoor. Following this he went for Theological training at the Leonard Theological College, Jabalpur in 1966 . He again returned to Perumbavoor, Ashram English High School and also pasturing the parishes in Perumbavoor, Vengoor, Krariali, Kothamanglam, Koratii, Mamala, Methala etc. He then completed his Masters at the Princeton Theological Seminary in 1974 and his Doctoral studies at the Boston University, USA in 1976. During his education at Princeton and Boston he was also the Vicar of the Congregations in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Washington D.C
His contribution in the educational field is noteworthy while he ministered at Ashram English High School, Alwaye Settlement High School, St. Thomas High School- Mysore, St. Thomas Residential School – Trivandurm. He was also Vicar of the parishes in Mysore, Kozencherry, Bombay – Santa Cruz etc.
He was consecrated as a Bishop on the 1st of May, 1980 and served in the following Diocese: Adoor – Mavelikara Diocese, Kottayam –Ranni Diocese, Madras- Kunnamkulam Diocese, South Zone of Bombay Delhi Diocese, Malaysia Singapore Australia Diocese, Kottayam – Kochi Diocese, North America Europe Diocese, Madras – Calcutta, Chennai – Bangalore Diocese and currently at the Chengannur – Mavelikara Diocese since 2005. His contribution to the strengthening of the Mission work in all the dioceses and also responding to the spiritual and social needs of each region is explicit in the various Projects and Missions started in different Diocese. Some of the important projects such as Asha Bhavan – Pathanapuram, Mochana De- addiction Centre – Kottayam, Thrikkunapuzha Mission, Haripad Centre, Pathanamthitta – Working Women’s Hostel, Santhigiri Ashram – Alwaye, Sinai Centre – New York, Karuthal – Cancer Care and Counselling Centre, Higher Education Loan Project, Navadharshan De- addiction Centre – Kidangannur, Mar Thoma Mission School and Mission Hostel Narasapuram, Ministry for Widow, Widowers and Aged, Sadhu Sadanam – Venmony, Bodhana Project, Bodhadhara Project, VISA-Vivaha Sahayam Project, Dalit Development Project. His leadership in the success of the Metropolitan’s Navathy Project by collecting more than Rs. 16 Crores and providing more than 2050 houses for the homeless in India has been one of the most unique contribution in the history of the Christian Community in India
His Grace has served as the President of the Mar Thoma Yuvajana Sakhyam, Mar Thoma Sunday School Samajam, Mar Thoma Voluntary Evangelistic Association, Mar Thoma Suvishesha Sevika Sangom, Mar Thoma Dayara and Sanyasini Samooham, Vaideeka Selection Committee, Backward People’s Development Committee. At present he is the President of the Mar Thoma Evangelistic Association, Theological Commission of the Mar Thoma Church, Planning Commission etc
The Ecumenical Contribution of His Grace in the National and International Christian circles is noteworthy. His Grace has served as the President of the National Missionary Society of India, Bible Society of India, Kerala, Auxiliary, World Mission of India, Ecumenical Christian Center (ECC), Bangalore , Theological Literature Society, Kerala. He has also served as the Secretary of the Nilackal Ecumenical Trust of all Episcopal churches in Kerala, Executive Committee Member of the Christian Conference of Asia (CCA) and Executive and Central Committee Member of the World Council of Churches (WCC). He is also the member of the Ecumenical Meeting of Bishops, Friends of the Focolare Movement and member of the Ecumenical Solidarity Visit to Sudan .
Episcopas
Rt. Rev. Geevarghese Mar Athanasius Episcopa
After graduation from Mar Thoma College, Tiruvalla he went for Theological training at the Leonard Theological College, Jabalpur. He was ordained as ‘Kasseesa’ in 1969 and subsequently served as Vicar of many Parishes including Mumbai, Kottayam, and Madras. From 1975 – 76 he was at Toronto, Canada for higher theological training. On December 9, 1989 he was consecrated as Bishop. At present He is in charge of Ranni Nilackel Diocese.
Mar Athanasius served as Vice President of the Governing Board of Leonard Theological College and as President of the National Missionary Society. He was instrumental in the completion of the Diocesan headquarters at Delhi.
Rt. Rev. Dr. Geevarghese Mar Theodosius Episcopa
Mar Theodosius studied at Baselious College , Kottayam and Mar Thoma College Thiruvalla. After taking a degree in Science he joined Leonard Theological College and took BD Degree in 1972. His ordination as ‘Kasseesa’ was in the year 1973. In 1980 he took a Master’s Degree in Comparative Religions from Visva Bharathi University and Doctorate from Mc Master University , Hamilton , Canada in 1986. He was consecrated as Episcopa on December 9, 1989 along with Mar Athanasius and Mar Coorilos.
From 1973 onwards he was in charge of several parishes including Mumbai, Calcutta, Toronto and Nanthancode and he served as Director of Thomas Mar Athanasius Orientation Centre, Manganam. On consecration as Episcopa he was given charge of Kunnamkulam- Madras Diocese. He was the Episcopa of the Chennai – Bangalore and Malaysia-Singapore & Australia Dioceses. He is presently the Episcopa of the North America – Europe Diocese.
Rt Rev Dr Euyakim Mar Coorilos Episcopa
After completing his degree and Post Graduate studies from Sacred heart College, Thevara, Cochin and Christ College, Iringalakuda, he joined Mar Thoma Seminary, Kottayam for Theological education. In 1978 he became the Kassesa and subsequently served as Parish priest at Jalahalli, Palarivattom, Colaba and Staten Island, and other Parishes. On December 9, 1989, he was consecrated as Episcopa and was in charge of the North America and Europe Diocese.
At Present, He is in charge of the Kottayam – Kochi Diocese
Rt Rev Joseph Mar Barnabas Episcopa
He took his degree from CMS College, Kottayam and later on studied at Bishop’s College, Kolkatta. Ordained in 1976, he has served in different Parishes in Anakulam, Mumbai, Chempur, Thurithicad and North Madras. He was in charge of Edmonton Parish in Canada and was consecrated as Bishop on October 2, 1993 along with Mar Timotheos and Mar Philoxenos. He was in charge of the Bombay & Delhi Dioceses. Presently, He is charge of the Adoor and Malyasia – Singapore – Australia Dioceses
Rt. Rev. Thomas Mar Timotheos Episcopa
Having done his college education and later Post Graduation in Gujarat, he joined Union Theological College, Bangalore for his theological studies. He worked as a lecturer for a short period in Gujarat and was ordained in 1983 and served as a Parish priest in various places- Surat, Barooch, Vapi and Gudalur. He was consecrated as Bishop on October 2 1993. He was in charge of the Kunnamkulam-Malabar Diocese. At present, He is incarge of the Thiruvananthapuram – Kollam Diocese.
Rt. Rev.Dr.Isaac Mar Philoxenos Episcopa
Born at Attupurathu house, Mavelikkara, Kerala, Mar Philoxenos had his college education at Bishop Moore College, Mavelikkara and Banarus Hindu University and studied theology at Bishops College, Kolkota and Princeton Theological Seminary. He was ordained in 1976 and subsequently served in Rajhara, Bilaspur, Allahabad and Mumbai Parishes. He was consecrated as Bishop on October 2, 1993. He has served as Bishop of Mumbai-Delhi Diocese till 2001,where he initiated various developmental programmes for the upliftment of the poor and downtrodden like Navajeevan Centre, Mumbai and Gramjyothi schools in North Indian villages. He was in charge of the Kottayam – Kochi Diocese. At present he is in charge of the Chennai – Bangalore and the Kunnamkulam – Malabar Dioceses
He served as the member of the Executive Committee, Senate of Serampore College, president of Kerala Council of Churches and member of the Central Committee of World Council of Churches.
Rt. Rev. Dr. Abraham Mar Paulos Episcopa
Dr Abraham Mar Paulos hails from Kanjirathara family, Kottayam. St Peters Mar Thoma Church, Manganam is his Home Parish. His basic education was at Government L P School,Muttambalam, M T Seminary High School, Kottayam, CMS College, Kottayam and Basaleos College, Kottayam. He had his Theological training from Mar Thoma Theological Seminary, Kottayam and Princeton University. He took Doctorate in Christian Education from Boston University.
He had been ordained as Deacon on 31/05/1980 by Dr Joseph Mar Irenaeus Suffragan Metropolitan at Manganam St Peters MTC. His Ordination as Kassessa was on 28/06/1980 at St Thomas MTC, tvla by Dr Alexander Mar Thoma Valia Metropolitan. The Sabha Prathinidhi Mandalam held on 11/01/2005 elected him as the Episcopa of the Church. He was ordained as Ramban on 11/02/2005 at Jerusalem Mar Thoma Church, Kottayam by Geevarghese Mar Athanasius Episcopa. On 14th May, 2005 he was consecrated as Episcopa of the Church at S C Seminary Tiruvalla by Dr Philipose Mar Chrysostom Mar Thoma Metropolitan.
He served in different Parishes such as Naranamoozhy, Kattikkalaruvi, Thonikadavu, Ranni Pazhavangadikara, Trivandrum Paruthippara, Karthamangal, Bangalore, Kaithakuzhy, Boston. He was also served as the Chaplain of St Thomas Schools, Trivandrum and as Diocesan Secretary of Trivandrum Quilon Diocese. His tenure as General Secretary of the Sunday School Samajam was the exemplification of his Leadership qualities, organizing capabilities etc. The centenary celebration of the Sunday School Samajam including the Children’s Maramon under his leadership was a remarkable one.
Consecrated as Episcopa on the silver Jubilee year of priesthood, His Lordship is a great orator, good scholar, theologian and above all he is a great friend of children and youth. He was in charge of Thiruvananthapuram – Kollam Diocese and is presently in charge of the Mumbai and Delhi Dioceses.
 
You are here at  : Home > About Church >Our Bishops
 
