Madhuri Sushmita honoured for excellence
Bombay News.Net - Monday 25th June, 2012
Bollywood diva Madhuri Dixit and former beauty queen and actress Sushmita Sen were honoured for individual excellence in the field of acting and entrepreneurship respectively here Monday  ...
Indian firm bags township project in Rwanda
Bombay News.Net - Monday 25th June, 2012
Leading Indian realty firm Synergy Property Development Services Ltd bagged, through international bidding, a $153-million township development project in the central African country of Rwanda. As  ...
Kashmir Valley observes total shutdown to protest fire at revered sufi shrine
India Today - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
Kashmir Valley observed a complete shutdown on Tuesday to mourn the destruction of the 200-year-old shrine of sufi saint Sheikh Syed Abdul Qadir Jeelani, locally called Dastgeer Sahib, in a fire on  ...
More India News
PA Sangma to file nomination on Thursday
NDTV - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
New Delhi: Opposition backed Presidential candidate PA Sangma will file his nomination on Thursday, the day when UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee will also submit his papers.Mr Sangma's office said  ...
Maharashtra minister denies links with Abu Hamza
NDTV - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
Mumbai: A senior Maharashtra minister today denied any links with the arrested LeT handler of 26/11 Mumbai terrorist attack, Abu Hamza, and said she is ready to face any probe.NCP leader and  ...
Indias Kingfisher Airlines In Fresh Trouble As Engineers Quit Over Non-Payment Of Salaries
IBTimes - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
The cash-strapped private airline has defaulted on the employees' salaries since February. According to the media reports, around 80 of its engineers have quit their jobs since then, protesting  ...
India court tells laughing yoga group to zip it
CBS News - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
In this Friday, June 22, 2012 photo, members of the Sheetal Jogging Association perform laughter yoga around Sheetal Talao pond where they have been coming every morning for three years for laughter  ...
Indian Minister denies links with arrested Mumbai terror suspect
SINA - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
NEW DELHI, June 26 (Xinhua) -- A senior Minister of the western Indian state of Maharashtra Tuesday denied links with Mumbai terror suspect Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal, a day after Delhi Police  ...
15 killed 24 injured in major road mishap in northern India
SINA - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
NEW DELHI, June 25 (Xinhua) -- Some 15 people were killed while more than 24 others sustained injuries in a major road mishap in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh early Monday morning, a  ...
Indias Finance Minister Resigns to Run for President
VOA - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
Indian Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee gestures as he arrives for the Congress Working Committee (CWC) meeting in New Delhi, India, Monday, June 25,  ...
Coca-Cola to Invest $3 Billion More in India by 2020
VOA - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
Chairman and CEO of Coca-Cola Co. Muhtar Kent, right, and President and CEO of Coca Cola India and South West Asia Atul Singh pose before their meeting in New Delhi, India, June 26,  ...
20 years on Pakistan to free Sarabjit Singh
Rediff - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
fter being on the death row for 20 years over bombing charges, Indian national Sarabjit Singh is being released with Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on Tuesday commuting his death  ...
Krishna thanks Zardari on Sarabjit
Rediff - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
Images ], who on Tuesday pardoned Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh, paving the way for his return home after over 20 years of incarceration in a foreign  ...
Pawar praises Bhujbal for post-fire job
Rediff - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
Images ] for his handling of the post-fire situation in Mantralaya by leading from the front and taking quick decisions to normalise the functioning of the  ...
Sonography clinics Centre imposes restriction on medics
Rediff - Tuesday 26th June, 2012
There was earlier no such restriction on medical practitioners conducting the utrasound tests so far, but government had restricted their practice within a  ...
On Facebook
Tourism
The subcontinent of India lies in south Asia, between Pakistan, China and Nepal. To the north it is bordered by the world’s highest mountain chain, where foothill valleys cover the northernmost of the country’s 26 states. Further south, plateaus, tropical ruin forests and sandy deserts are bordered by palm fringed beaches.
Side by side with the country’s staggering topographical variations is its cultural diversity, the result of the coexistence of a number of religions as well as local tradition. Thus, the towering temples of south India, easily identifiable by their ornately sculptured surface, are associated with a great many crafts and performing arts of the region.
Readers' Poll
Following the 100bn euro bailout of Spain's banks do you think the eurozone crisis is now over?
