[ edit ] History
Christianity was brought to the North Konkan region of Maharashtra by St. Bartholomew , one of the twelve Apostles of Christ . Pantaneus visited India about AD 180 and there he found a Gospel of Matthew written in Hebrew language, left with the Christians there by St. Barthlomew. This is mentioned by Roman historian Eusebius , and by St. Jerome in one of his letters. [1] A flourishing Christian Community in the 6th Century was mentioned by Kosmos Indicopleustes and Jordanus, who worked among the Christians in Thana and Sopara areas in the 13th Century. The French Dominican friar, Jordanus Catalani of Severac (in south-western France) started evangelizing activities in Thana and Sopara was the first work of Rome in North Konkan . [2]
Most history of the Church in India was lost between the 9th and the 14th Century, as Persia went over to the Nestorianism in 800 AD. Since the provision of Church offices and all the apparatus of public worship was looked to a foreign source, the Indian Christians were reduced to "nominal" Christians when this foreign aid was withdrawn. [1] When Dominican and Franciscan Missionaries arrived in the 1300's with the intention of preaching the Gospel , they were surprised to find a small Christian community already in existence. Protestant Missionaries first arrived in Maharashtra from England and America in 1813.
Main article: East Indians
East Indians are an ethno-religious group which resides in Mumbai , Vasai , Virar , and other parts of Thane . Christianity arrived in Maharashtra in the 13th Century during Portuguese rule by Jesuit missionaries who spread Roman Catholicism in the area. The name East Indians was taken during British Rule of East India Company to differentiate native Catholics from other Catholics from Goa and Manglore who came to Mumbai in search of jobs, on the occasion of golden jubilee of Queen Victoria.
They are engaged in agriculture, fishing and other rural occupations handed down to them by their ancestors. East Indians have their own village in Mumbai known as Gaothan, which is surrounded by the main city. East Indians are more anglicized than the rest of Maharashtrian Christians, although they speak Marathi as mother tongue . Portuguese influence can be seen in their language and culture. Portuguese used to rule the area for centuries.
Main article: Marathi Christians
Marathi Christians are people who reside in Ahmednagar , Pune , Aurangabad and Solapur . In Maharashtra, Christians are converts from Islam and Hinduism. Marathi Christians are a result of American Marathi Mission and SPG Mission of the Church of England . During the British time, Ahmednagar was part of Bombay presidency . The first Protestant mission in the district was opened in 1831. Marathi Christians are predominately Protestant with small numbers of Roman Catholics . They belong to several Protestant denominations, mainly Church of North India . The Marathi Roman Catholics and Protestants are more united with each other than with their co-religionists of other communities. British Missionary William Carey was instrumental in translating the Bible into Marathi language.
In Maharashtra, likewise, the Protestant missionaries concentrated not only on direct evangelism but also founded numerous small vernacular schools. Missionary John Wilson built Wilson College, Mumbai . There are similarities of customs and culture between Hindus and Marathi Christians, such as dress, food and cuisine. The Hindu custom of wearing Saree , Mangalsutra and placing Bindis is still prominent among native Christians. Marathi Christian highly retain their Marathi culture, and they have kept their Pre-Christian surnames. In Maharashtra, great Marathi poet Narayan Wamanrao Tilak realised that a Hindu-Christian synthesis was simply not possible, unless the Christian religion had deep roots in the Indian culture. He trained the Marathi Christians to worship and sing Bhajan and Kirtan . He showed Christian faith in a genuinely Indian way.
[ edit ] List of denominations
