There are three emphases in our missions  outreach:
The Savannah Farmers Cooperative – Southern Sudan
The largest financial investment is in  community development by the creation of modern farms for mass food production  and the increasing of planted acreage by local small farms.
Large farms (2,000 acres under one  manager) are broken up into 100 and 200 acre fields. These fields are divided by  green belts of undisturbed virgin bush to preserve both wildlife and combat  erosion. Every 2,000 acre  farm is responsible for serving small farmers in education and development to  increase the small farmer’s acreages from the traditional 2 or 3 acres to up to  twenty-five acres, introducing modern farming technology appropriate to the  area, and turning their farms into businesses rather than merely subsistence  farms.
With the recent predictions by the World  Food Organization that 4,500,000 people will face hunger in southern Sudan in  2010-2011, this becomes a matter of extreme urgency.
Several years ago, over 100,000 acres was  leased to the Savannah Farmers Cooperative for the development of large farms.  Clearing, ploughing and preparing all this land for planting is a massive  multi-million dollar and multi-year challenge. Investment in large machinery  and training of operators alone runs into millions of dollars.
 The  Liwolo Regional Hospital – Kajokeji County
This hospital was begun by Crossroads  Christian Communications Inc. but has now become the challenge of Cal
Bombay  Ministries Inc. Four 28 bed wards have been built but are not yet finished.  Offices and the Operating rooms have yet to be built. We are doing this in  conjunction with Humanitarian Assistance for Southern   Sudan, a local Sudanese NGO. It will be the only hospital for more  than 40 km in all directions of heavily populated land.  Hundreds suffer treatable diseases and many  die because of the inability to get to the Kajokeji town hospital. We have  volunteers ready to go, but with an unfinished facility . . . 
Churches
The people of southern Sudan are  primarily Christian in faith. Their churches have been deliberately destroyed by  the northern Islamist regime during the many years of war and they now need  places of worship. With the development of the large farms, we are attracting  greater numbers of people to the area, most of whom want a place to worship. We  will establish these where other agencies may not.
We are grateful for the building of many  churches in the area by Samaritan’s Purse under Franklin Graham’s leadership.
Missions
