Christmas in Oldest Churches in Mumbai
Christmas in Oldest Churches in Mumbai I was in Mumbai during last week of December 2006.
On 22nd December The Times of India carried a special report on celebrations planned for Christmas by oldest churches in city .I was living in Colaba area so decided to visit two Cathedral namely St.Thomas Cathedral and Holy Name Cathedral and share photos with fellow members of mangalorean.com. Complete article by Anahita Mukherji can be seen at below mentioned URL.
http://epaper.timesofindia.com/Archive/skins/pastissues2/navigator.asp?login=ramesh_lal wani&AW=1167840629625
The Portuguese and the British, the two colonial powers who came and stayed in Mumbai, gave the city its oldest churches. Since the Catholic Portuguese preceded the Anglican British, the oldest churches were theirs, says Historic Churches of Bombay author Ragavendra Kannan. That is also why this article — about some of the city’s oldest Christian places of worship — mainly features Catholic churches. — Anahita Mukherji | TNN
MOUNT MARY’S BASILICA, BANDRA
Was pulled down after a plague
The first avtar of the church was built in 1570. There is a dispute about whether it stood on the same site as it does now or a little farther off. It remains one of the most popular basilicas. It has been pulled down and rebuilt a number of times. One instance when it was pulled down was after the 1896 plague. The present building came up in 1904.
Confess and clean your souls
The basilica will be illuminated by thousands of bulbs by Christmas eve. And, with the onset of the season, sermons have started stressing on the importance of overcoming one’s pride and ego, spreading kindness and love and mending one’s ways. People have been asked to go for a special confession to cleanse their souls.
OUR LADY OF EXPECTATIONS (NOW HOLY NAME CATHEDRAL, COLABA)
Change of locale
The church was originally built in 1570 at the exact location where Victoria Terminus stands today. But the chapel was demolished in 1760 to build walls around the fort and was relocated to Azad Maidan. But this chapel, too, was pulled down in the 1940s and then relocated to Bhuleshwar. The new chapel, however, was also destroyed. Holy Name Cathedral in Colaba is looked upon as the successor of the old church.
Bridging the gap
A few days before Christmas, youngsters will sing carols on the streets of Colaba and a truck will carry a tableau depicting a scene from Jesus’s life. There will also be an inter-faith prayer meeting at the church.
GLORIA CHURCH, BYCULLA
An eventful past
Originally called the Nossa Senhora da Gloria (Our Lady of Glory) Church, it was built in 1590 in Mazgaon. But disputes between the Pedroado and Propaganda, two factions that ruled Catholic churches at the time, led to another church (Our Lady of the Rosary) being built near the original church. The government planned to build a railway line, where the church stood, in 1913 and the building was pulled down. The government funded the rebuilding of the church at Byculla.
Cribs with a message
A huge star is placed outside the church every Christmas. Crib competitions this year will concentrate on a message for families.
ST MICHAEL’S CHURCH, MAHIM
There since 1565
Traveller’s accounts say the church was built in the early sixteenth century but documented reports say the church was in existence since 1565. In 1854, when Bishop Hartmann lost control of the church, he raised funds and built Our Lady of Victory Church near St Michael’s. Both churches are still in existence. The current structure of St Michael’s Church was rebuilt in 1973.
A party for domestic workers
The youth from the parish will organise a dinner and dance programme along with an orchestra on December 29 . The social service wing of the church will organise a party for domestic workers in order to celebrate Christmas.
ST ANDREW’S CHURCH, BANDRA
Turn of the century This popular Bandra church was built in 1600.
Giving joy to the homeless
Parishioners will gather in church and buy and sell items of use such as Christmas decorations. A little skit on the birth of Christ was performed on Thursday. A party for nearly 100 street children has been planned for the social outreach programme.
OUR LADY OF SALVATION (PORTUGUESE) CHURCH, DADAR
Designed anew
The church was originally built in 1610 but was rebuilt a couple of times since then. The structure, as we see it today, was designed by Charles Correa in 1973.
Helping the poor
One of the programmes this Christmas will involve feeding poor people in different zones. There will also be a Christmas party for children. A couple of days ago, there was a party for poor parishioners; they were given gift hampers with utility items.
ST THOMAS’S CATHEDRAL, FORT
An anniversary
The church opened its gates, for the first time, on Christmas day in 1718. The same structure stands today. The construction began in the 1670s, a decade after the British acquired Mumbai. But the construction was stalled when the city was attacked by the Siddis. H E Cox’s Story of St Thomas’s Cathedral says: ``The derelict building became a gathering place for badmashes and beggars.’’ But construction began again at a later date and was completed by 1718.
I first visited St. Thomas Cathedral in Fort area on 24th morning. Here is a picture gallery of this church.
St. Thomas Cathedral Fort
St. Thomas Cathedral another view
Inside View
