Latest Headlines
Devasahayam Pillai Closer to Sainthood
New Delhi (CBCI) During a  a private audience with Cardinal Angelo Amato S.D.B., the Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, on June 28, Pope Benedict XVI authorized the Congregation to promulgate the decrees of four  martyrs of the church in  preparation for the cause.....
First Batch of Lay Leaders Complete Theology Course
Ahmedabad (CBCI News) The first batch of 48 lay leaders who completed a yearlong course in theology for the laity were conferred certificates here at the Diocesan Pastoral Centre, Nadiad, at a convocation ceremony and Eucharist held on June 9. Bishop Thomas Macwan of Ahmedabad presided over the Eu.....
Pope holds last general audience of the summer at the Vatican
New Delhi (Rome Reports): The Pope celebrated the last general audience of the summer at the Vatican's Paul VI Hall. At the end of this week he will head out to his summer residence of Castelgandolfo, to start off his summer vacation.  With roughly 7,000 people in attendance, the Pope talk.....
BJP not responsible for Kandhamal killings:  Sangma
P A Sangma, the presidential candidate of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), has dismissed reports attributing Kandhamal killings to the Hindu nationalist party as nothing but “wild allegations.” "Where is the proof that BJP has done it (Kandhamal killings)?...Don't jump to conclusions...Don.....
England and Wales to see sharp rise in ordinations
New Delhi (Catholic Herald): Figures show that the number of ordinations in England and Wales is expected to reach 38 in 2013, compared with 20 in 2011, while the Archdiocese of Southwark currently has 26 seminarians in contrast with only 10 in 2005.The Southwark Vocations website states that a “cam.....
Archbishop John Moolachira of Guwahati to receive the pallium from Vatican
Vatican City,  (VIS):  The Holy See Press Office today issued a note explaining the new form of the rite for imposing the pallium on metropolitan archbishops, which takes place annually on 29 June, Solemnity of Sts. Peter and Paul Apostles. "Things will remain substantially the.....
Mother Teresa associate Lapierre critically ill
New Delhi (ucanindia): Friends of Dominique Lapierre in Kolkata are praying for the renowned author and long time associate of Mother Teresa, who is on a ventilator in France.  Sunil Lucas, president of Signis India, said Lapierre had wounded his head after a fall at his home in France. “He slip.....
Increasing drug abuse in Goa
New Delhi (ucanindia): A church-based NGO has expressed concern over the large number of Goans falling prey to drug and alcohol. "While everything seems glamorous on the surface, all is not well,” said representatives of the Kripa Foundation at an event to observe the International day again.....
Aide: Pope Seeking to Re-establish Serenity in Curia
Rome (Zenit): In the wake of the so-called Vatileaks scandal, which has involved the publication of confidential Vatican documents, Benedict XVI is seeking to re-establish a climate of serenity and trust in the Curia, says the Vatican spokesman.         J.....
Priests for the 3rd Millennium: New Vatican Document Gives Guidelines on Vocations Work
Rome (Zenit): The Congregation for Catholic Education today released a 27-page document with guidelines on how to promote vocations to the priesthood and religious life.   The text, “Pastoral Guidelines for Fostering Vocations to Priestly Ministry,” is made up of three parts that examine the stat.....
Miscreants vandalize hill shrine near Mangalore
New Delhi (ucanindia): Miscreants have vandalized a private Holy Cross shrine at Nagori near Mangalore.   On Saturday night they destroyed flower pots and decorations and pulled out electrical wirings, lights and switch boards of the shrine, set up 14 years ago.   It was noticed Sunday morning.....
CCBI NATIONAL COLLOQUIUM : DAY OF VISIONING
New Delhi (CBCI):  The third day of the National Colloquium was dedicated to forming the vision by identifying our Objectives, Priorities and drawing up Time Bound Plans of Pastoral Action and the means to achieve them. Fr. Bala, the deputy secretary general welcomed and introduced the.....
CCBI NATIONAL COLLOQUIUM : DAY OF MISSIONING
New Delhi (CBCI):  Today being the final day of the CCBI National Colloquium, it was meant to be a Day of Missioning, a going forth to live out what we learnt, experienced and planned for the Latin Church in India.            .....
Connecting Religion with Technology : Protestant Group Visits Vatican
For 17 years now a very special conference has taken place in Rome. It's organized by the European Christian Internet Conference, which brings together European Christians who are serious and passionate about the internet and all the possibilities that come along with it.  This year, the f.....
Arunachal's Young Christian community Like that of Apostolic Times: Bishop
Rome (Zenit): The Church in a diocese of the northeastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh has grown 40% in the last three and a half decades. According to the local bishop, John Kattrukudiyil of Itangar, part of the reason for such growth is the number of reports of supernatural healings. During.....
Pope Gives Advice to Keep Catholics From Falling Away:
Rome (ZENIT): Benedict XVI met today with a group of bishops from Colombia in Rome for their ad limina visits, offering them some concrete advice on growing religious pluralism and the increasing presence of evangelical communities in the country. The Pope cited the concluding document from the fif.....
CCBI National Colloquium Launched
New Delhi (CBCI): The CCBI National Colloquium began with a solemn Eucharistic Celebration. His Excellency the Most Rev. Filipe Neri Ferrao, the Archbishop of Goa, Daman and Diu as the Vice President of the CCBI was the main celebrant. The participants numbering around 225 included Archbishops, .....
Farmers' Leader Fr. Mathew Vadakkemuri Dies
A Catholic priest who campaigned for farmers’ rights for more than 25 years died today a month after he met with a serious road accident. Father Mathew Vadakkemuri of Kanjirapally diocese was the chairperson of the Church-led Indian Farmers Movement (Infarm), an umbrella organization of farmers' .....
To Teach Dignity Against Exploitation
(CNUA): The mission of Janhit Vikas Trust (Jvt, "welfare of people") is to help break the cycle of poverty and exploitation which hold the adivasis (Indian tribals) bound, to teach them to use the resources which are available to them, and to preserve and enhance their dignity and integrit.....
India worst place for woman: poll
New Delhi (ucanindia):The triple woes of infanticide, child marriage and slavery makes India the worst place for a woman to be in, according to global experts.   They declared Canada as the best place for a woman, while even Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, South Africa, Mexico and Turkey fared better.....
Presentation of The Year of Faith
Vatican(VIS) :A press conference was held this morning in the Holy See Press Office for the presentation of the Year of Faith which is due to last from 11 October 2012 to 24 November 2013. The conference was presented by Archbishop Rino Fisichella and Msgr. Graham Bell, respectively president an.....
News/Events
