God's Love, Shalom , Christian, Mumbai, India, Peace,Easter Message Shalomindia, Jesus, Grace, Faith
Marriage
 There is no greater blessing on earth than a good marriage.  In Christian  marriage, two people grow more and more one with every passing year. They are "fellow heirs of the grace of life" and they are more than happy to share. Each  is helping the other on the way to eternity.
How to Preserve a Husband
Be careful in your selection.
Once selected, give your entire thoughts to preparation for domestic use.
Some wives insist upon keeping them in a pickle, others are constantly getting  them into hot water. This makes them sour, hard, and sometimes bitter. Even poor  varieties may be made sweet, tender and good, by garnishing them with kisses,  wrapping them in a blanket of love, keeping them warm with a steady fire of  domestic devotion, and serving with peaches and cream.
Thus prepared they will keep for years!!
 
Please Talk to Me
Pastor Charles Curtis stresses the importance of really communicating:
"My husband does not talk to me," is the complaint of 80 percent of American  wives. It has been claimed that "One hundred percent of the people seeking  professional help for their marriages have problems of communication." In our  world, the power to send and receive messages reaches around the globe (even out  into space), and this information is available in seconds! Yet, husbands and  wives are unable to successfully communicate across the breakfast table. "Please  talk to me" is the request and basic need in many homes.
Communication is a rich source of blessing. What a joy it is to talk and listen!
The lack of communication multiplies our problems as it destroys bridges over  which we need to travel. An old farmer had trouble guiding his mule, but said  nothing. When asked why he didn't speak to the mule, he responded, "That old  mule kicked me five years ago and I ain't spoke to him since." Marriage offers  companionship, and this is impossible without communication. People can be  lonely in a crowd or in a marriage. Lines of communication should be carefully  built and maintained in the home. "People are lonely because they build walls  instead of bridges" (Joseph E. Newton).
Communication is more than just speaking. How well do we listen? The Scripture  admonished us: "Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear,  slow to speak, slow to wrath" (Jam_1:19). While a senator, Lyndon Johnson had  this sign in his office: "You ain't learning nothing when you're doing all the  talking." Listening is essential to communication. Parents often fail to really  hear what their children may be saying. Teenages run away from home "because it  is the only way they know how to cope with a family that has forgotten how to  listen" (Fred Gross). Listening has a way of saying-"To me, you are an important  person. I appreciate you, I accept you, I love you, and I want to hear what you  have to say." It is only by listening that we can correctly respond.
Nine Suggestions for an Ailing Marriage
Never consider divorce an option. It is not a solution to your problem. Divorce  is not an acceptable alternative because God says it is not.
Do not compare your mate or your marriage to others. There is not another person  on earth like you. Your mate is also unique. This means that your marriage is  unique. Let God make it what He wants it to be. He will make it perfect!
Forgive your mate. You are to forgive as Christ has forgiven you. You are a  sinner. He or she is a sinner. You are not perfect-so be willing to forgive one  another. And do it right away before any bitterness can build up.
Stop all criticism. Love does not criticize and find fault. Therefore, if you  are critical of your mate, you do not have a heart of love. Stop all criticism.  Instead, try a little praise. It works like magic!
Start communicating with your mate. Communication is completely broken down in  many homes and marriages. Start listening to what your mate is saying as well as  to what he or she is not saying. Break down the barriers by being vulnerable.  Try saying, "Honey, what is the biggest fault I have?" Then say, "Would you  please help me, by the grace of God, to gain victory over that fault?"
Refuse any relationship outside your marriage in which affection is sought or  given. This substitute could even be a relative, a friend, or a neighbor. Do not  seek to make someone else a substitute for what you are not getting in your  marriage. You will never solve your problem doing this.
Trust your mate. Trust your spouse, even if he or she is wrong -you are right in  trusting. A marriage must be based on trust. It cannot survive without it.
Do something every day to please your mate-something that you know will bring  your partner joy and happiness. This is not asking much-to do one thing-but it  pays big dividends.
Thank God   every day for the 25 best qualities in your mate. Write them down.   Concentrate on them and the positive will soon outshine the negative
Marital Turmoil
Once a housewife asked her husband if he minded escorting her out to the garbage  can. He asked why she would make such a silly request. She replied, "I just want  to be able to tell the neighbors that we go out together once in a while." Marriage is a give-and-take proposition, and a wise couple soon realizes that  each must give more than was thought during courtship.
Too many mates fritter their lives away and burden others by supposing they have  insurmountable problems within their marriages. But Paul reminds us: "Wives,  submit to you husbands, as is fitting in the Lord. Husbands, love your wives and  do not be harsh with them" (Col_3:18-19). Unselfish love is the key to  successful Christian marriages.
Divorce
Although one in every two married couples ends up divorced, certain categories  of marriages have a much higher success rate. A national survey revealed that  when two criteria are present-the couple attends church, and they pray together  at home-there was only one divorce in one thousand marriages!
How Husbands Can Emotionally Meet Their Wives' Needs
When did you last tell your wife, "I love you?" When did she last hear those  words that are music to her ears-"I really do need you"? Have you recently told  her, "Honey, I think you are a really good mother for our children?"
The vast majority of wives are starving for verbal affirmation from their  husbands. And most men are so thoughtless and insensitive that they will not  give their wives what the wives desperately want and deserve.
We husbands gladly encourage our wives to buy food and grudgingly encourage them  to buy clothes, but most who come to counseling just cannot dig deeply enough to  give complimentary words. So, marriages are unfulfilling, wives feel  unappreciated, and many marriages wither and die.
Husbands, speak up! God expects you, as the head, to do more than provide  financially for your wife. He wants you to also provide for her emotional  well-being.
Whisper it, write it, or shout it-just get those words of affirmation to the  ears of your wife.
What Glues Husband and Wife Together?
 Two surfaces are held together  on  two pieces of glass,  is almost impossible to get them apart and difficult to separate ,  until they are almost completely  ground down in a floor or flat surfaces.  If you let God rub down the rough edges in you and your spouse, nothing will be  able to tear you apart.
We are earnestly praying for your blessing
May God Bless !
