Act Now! Treat those                  Scratches
 
God's Love, Shalom , Christian, Mumbai, India, Peace, Shalomindia, Jesus,  Grace, Faith
FAQ -  Frequently Asked     Questions..
What is The Bible?
The Holy Spirit inspired human authors to write the books of the      Bible. Every word of scripture is chosen by God himself. The      Bible is God’s love letter to all of humanity and is the final      authority in every issue it communicates. It is complete truth,      and we can trust it for all matters in this life and eternity. 
Who is God?
Many people have differing ideas about the nature of God. Most      of those ideas have one thing in common – they are the product      of human intellect! When it comes to our Creator, it matters      very little who we think God is. The Bible is the only      trustworthy source for understanding Him. Scripture teaches that      God created everything we can see -- and even everything we      can’t see -- out of nothing. Although it might be difficult for      the human mind to comprehend, the Bible teaches that He is one      yet has existed since the beginning of time as three distinct      and equal persons: the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. 
Who is Jesus?
Jesus Christ is God’s Son and an equal of the Father. He has      existed from the beginning of time, yet lived on earth during      the first century A.D. Throughout His earthly life, he was      completely God and completely human at the same time. After      living a perfect, sinless life, Jesus offered Himself as the      perfect sacrifice for every human being who has ever lived by      dying on a Roman cross. After three days in the grave, he      defeated sin and death by rising from the grave. He then      ascended to Heaven and will return to earth one day to reign as      King. 16; 5:9-14; 12:10-11; 13:8; 19:16)
Who is the Holy Spirit?
The Holy Spirit is a full and equal part of the Trinity. He      works in the world to make all people understand their need for      Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit lives inside every follower of      Jesus from the moment they decide to follow Him. The Spirit is      our power source for life, ministry and spiritual growth. To tap      into that power, we must continually yield to the Holy Spirit.
Who is Man?
Man is the pinnacle of God’s creation and the only being on the      earth whom God made in His own spiritual image, with the moral      ability to choose right from wrong. Every person, although      endowed with the image of God, inherited a disobedient heart      from Adam, the very first man. This attitude of disobedience      (called sin in the Bible) – unless rectified through Christ –      forever keeps man from forming a relationship with his Creator.      This attitude also keeps us from being the kind of person God      created us to be. 
What is      Salvation?
Our disobedient nature has eternally separated us from our      Creator. No matter how hard we try, we can never earn our way      back into God’s presence. Our only hope is to trust Jesus as      God’s provision for our disobedience. Whenever you make that      decision, you step into the eternal and abundant life Jesus      promises for all believers. 
If I Accept Jesus Christ Is My Salvation Forever?
Definitely! Your salvation is through the most trustworthy being      in the universe – Jesus Christ! You didn’t do anything to earn      your salvation, and you can’t do anything to lose it. Your      salvation is maintained by God’s trustworthiness and love not by      what you do. (John 3:16; John 10:27-29; Rom. 8:35-39; John      6:37,39; Eph. 1:13-14; John 5:24)
How do we grow      as believers?
God has set us apart (sanctified us) for the purpose of growing      us to become more like His Son. Through our faith in the Bible      and the transforming work of the Holy Spirit, God changes our      heart in order to change our character and actions. God’s      promise is that when we reach heaven, He will complete the      process of making every believer like Jesus.
Why is evil      present in the world?
While God will one day do away with all evil, He currently      allows evil in the world - which provides mankind a choice.      Satan is the source of all evil and will suffer an eternity of      separation from God for his choices. (Hell was originally      prepared for the devil and his demons.) Evil is present in the      world because of mankind’s choice in the Garden of Eden. Because      of Jesus, we have the opportunity to choose the goodness of      God’s grace over evil. While God could eliminate evil      immediately, He endures the grief of waiting to do so in order      to give more people the opportunity to come to faith in Him. God      is able to cause all things, even the evil in this world, to      work together for the good of those who love Him.
(Genesis 2:17; Genesis 3:1-24; Romans 3:23; Romans 5:12; Psalm      100:5; John 3:19; Psalm 81:12; Revelation 12:7-9; Revelation      20:10; 1 Corinthians 15:56; Colossians 2:15; 1 John 2:2; 1      Timothy 2:3-4; 2 Peter 3:9; Romans 8:28-29)
How Will I Spend Eternity?
God made you to exist forever. Heaven is a perfect place, and      since none of us is perfect we were all headed for an eternity      of separation from God. That’s why God sent Jesus: to pay the      price for our sins so that we can spend eternity with Him. What      you decide about Jesus Christ in this life will determine where      you will spend eternity. If you reject Him, you’ll spend it      eternally separated from God in Hell. If you accept Him, you’ll      spend it eternally connected with Him in Heaven. Hell is a place      of separation, suffering and darkness. Heaven is a place of      eternal joy in God’s presence. 
What is the      church?
The Bible tells us that the church is the body of Christ in the      world today. The New Testament tells us the church is a local      body of baptized believers. The head of the church is Jesus      Christ. The biblical purposes of the church are worship,      evangelism, fellowship, discipleship and ministry to others. 
To bring people      to Jesus and membership in His family, develop them to      Christ-like maturity, and equip them for their ministry in the      church and their life mission in the world, in order to magnify      God’s name.
What is the      second coming of Jesus?
God, in His own time and in His own way, will bring the world to      its appropriate end. According to His promise, Jesus Christ will      return personally and visibly in glory to the earth; the dead      will be raised; and Christ will judge all men in righteousness.
 
