B Mathur/Reuters
A cross on a church is silhouetted against the setting sun in New Delhi.
On Monday night, I was honoured to host the senior Catholic prelate from India, Cardinal Oswald Gracias, in Mississauga, Ont. On Tuesday morning, a new archbishop — Christian Lépine — was announced for Montreal. In the 21st century, what will be more important for global Christianity — Mumbai and Mississauga, or Montreal? To even ask the question demonstrates how the tectonic plates of the universal Church are shifting.
Christians in India are only 2.3% of the total population, Catholics accounting for 1.8%. But as Cardinal Gracias likes to recall, Pope Benedict told him that 1.8% of more than 1 billion people means that the Catholic Church in India is much larger than it is in many European countries. Indeed, there are far more Catholics in India than in Canada.
The shape of the Christian church worldwide depends today more on India than on Ireland, and what is going on in Kerala is far more important than whoever is appointed to Canterbury. Irish Catholicism and the Church of England have a noble heritage, but their best days now belong to history. What goes on there bears watching for the sake of the souls, of course, but in terms of providing a creative impetus for the Gospel throughout the world, those islands are exhausted.
The island of Montreal is in a similar situation. The appointment of a new archbishop is important for Montreal as a whole, not just its Catholic population. Archbishop Lépine’s appointment to Quebec’s senior ecclesial post, only six months after he was ordained an auxiliary bishop, is a dramatic break with the usual practice. The Holy See evidently thought that the usual practice in Montreal needed to be dramatically broken.
It was said of Mackenzie King, our longest-serving prime minister, that he would never take a major decision without first consulting with the archbishop of Montreal, and the president of the Royal Bank. Perhaps apocryphal, the story nevertheless identified the sources of cultural influence in the 1920s, ‘30s and ‘40s. That was a long time ago, when Mumbai was still called Bombay, and Mississauga was mostly empty fields.
There on Monday, and on Sunday in Brampton, hundreds of Catholics of Indian origin filled parishes to greet Cardinal Gracias. A man who has travelled extensively, the cardinal marvelled at the sheer number of Indians he met on this, his first visit to Canada.
It is not only that there are more Catholics at Mass in Bombay’s parishes than there would be in the whole of, say, Belgium. It is that the diaspora is a force right here in Canada. Indian priests — both Indian nationals and the sons of immigrants — are manning many Canadian parishes. And in places like Mississauga, Indians are contributing mightily to the vitality of parish life. At the Mass the cardinal offered at the parish of Saint Francis Xavier — the patron saint of Goa — there were a few visible minorities present in the packed church: the scattered few of European stock. The Indian Church, broadly understood, now includes parts of Mississauga.
Cardinal Gracias observed that while Canadian missionaries once went to serve in India, that no longer happens. It’s partly because the Indian government makes it difficult for them to come, and mostly because there are precious few Canadian missionaries. But now India gives what it once received; there are some 10,000 priests, religious brothers and sisters from India serving abroad.
At dinner that night, the Minister of Immigration, Jason Kenney, welcomed Cardinal Gracias to Canada, noting that the founding values of Canada — especially the contribution religious communities have made to our common life — are now being reinforced by new Canadians, who are both faithful believers and loyal citizens. The dinner was hosted by Convivium, a new magazine about faith in our common life of which I am the editor-in-chief. Cardinal Gracias was kind enough to say that he was proud that a “son of India” was making this contribution to public life in Canada. Indo-Canadians have every right to be proud, for there are many of us making our own contributions.
Cardinal Gracias was in Kingston over the weekend, speaking at our annual dinner for the Catholic chaplaincy at Queen’s University. It was by coincidence St. Patrick’s Day, and this son of Indian immigrants was welcoming the archbishop of Bombay. Some of our guests chided me for overlooking St. Patrick. I was happy to correct that. But that’s the new reality for twenty-first century Christians. The sun has set on Ireland and Europe; it is rising in the east, over India.
National Post
