John W. Norton, waste management consultant
Nickolas Themelis, Columbia’s Earth Engineering Center
Neil Seldman, Institute for Local Self-Reliance
Cheap Land and Politics
Steven Cohen is executive director the Earth Institute at Columbia University and director of Columbia’s masters programs in Sustainability Management and Environmental Science and Policy.
There are two reasons for the failure to use modern waste management technologies in the United States. In the West, landfilling is much cheaper and land is still plentiful. In the Northeast, the reason is political. When you add the cost of transportation to landfilling, waste-to-energy incineration is competitive, but no one wants a plant in their backyard.
If we all had to manage our own garbage, maybe we’d figure out a way to make less of it.
While this country’s vast land mass inhibits the use of waste treatment technologies, over the past half century increased amounts of waste have been recycled or incinerated. In 1960, 94 percent, or 2.51 pounds, of the 2.68 pounds of waste we disposed of per capita, per day ended up in landfills or non-energy-producing incinerators.
In 2008, 54 percent, or 2.43 pounds, of every 4.5 pounds we threw out each day were handled in that fashion.  The percent of garbage being buried  is going down, while the amount has gone up.
Read more…
New York City uses a low-tech and high-polluting waste management process. We collect garbage with trucks that use high-polluting diesel fuel and then dump that garbage onto the floor of waste transfer stations. We then scoop the garbage up off the floor and load it onto large trucks that also burn high-polluting diesel fuel and ship it out of town.
Since the resistance to waste-to-energy plants is political, I’d like to propose community-based waste-management facilities. Perhaps smaller scale waste-to-energy plants, computer-controlled from a central station and coupled with recycling facilities and anaerobic digesters (a form of automated compost facility) could be sited.
In New York, I would build one in all 59 community board districts in the city. It may be a good time to develop the technology to make smaller, cost-effective waste plants.  If we all had to manage our own garbage, maybe we’d figure out a way to make less of it.
Johan Spanner for The New York Times A plant in Hoersholm, Denmark, that converts local trash to energy.
Incineration Remains a Serious Threat
Ananda Lee Tan is the U.S. and Canada coordinator for the Global Alliance for Incinerator Alternatives .
For decades the tobacco industry told us that cigarettes were safe. Now the waste incineration industry wants us to believe they are coming clean?
Despite the latest spin, there is nothing better about burning garbage today, whether in the U.S. or in Denmark. Attempts to peddle waste-to-energy facilities haven’t gained wide acceptance around the world because people are aware that incineration:
Remains a serious threat to public health. Burning garbage is a primary source of cancer-causing dioxins and other pollutants that enter the food supply and concentrate up through the food chain.
Produces more carbon dioxide per unit of electricity than coal power. Current atmospheric carbon loads cannot safely bear additional emissions from incinerators and landfills .
Is a huge waste of energy. Due to its low calorific value, burning garbage to produce energy is highly inefficient. Conversely, recycling recovers three to five times more energy than incineration produces.
Read more…
Creates an economic burden for communities. Billions of taxpayer dollars are spent subsidizing the construction and operations of incinerators. For a fraction of this cost , investments in recycle, reuse and remanufacture, create significantly more business and employment opportunity.
Represents the destruction of valuable resources and jobs. Zero waste practices create over 10 times the number of jobs than burning or burying the same waste. More than 90 percent of municipal waste can be recycled, re-used or composted, to create thousands of good, long-term jobs.
As part of their marketing, incinerator lobby groups have even recruited the same “expert” witnesses that once testified for the tobacco industry .  Fortunately, citizen groups today are not easily deceived by such masquerades and are familiar with real solutions.
Significant Advantages
R. Lawrence Swanson is the director of the Waste Reduction and Management Institute, at the School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences (SoMAS) at Stony Brook University. Christine O’Connell is a graduate student researching garbage and recycling issues on Long Island and pursuing her Ph.D. in marine science at SoMAS.
The environmental and public health benefits of using waste-to-energy facilities, particularly in congested urban areas, far outweigh transporting trash to landfill sites several hundred miles away.  Emission issues that were legitimate concerns decades ago have been largely negated with modern technologies, and dioxin formation is almost totally minimized.
Graphic: Two Approaches to Waste
Toxic exhaust of fuel-inefficient, 18-wheeled garbage trucks motoring hundreds of miles to rural landfills are of greater concern than stack emissions from a waste-to-energy plant.  On Long Island, some 300 of these vehicles go west everyday, hauling about 22 tons each!  These vehicles cause wear and tear on highways and are a traffic, public health and environmental hazard.  Long hauling garbage isn’t good, no matter how you measure the impact.
But what about those mega landfills in places like Pennsylvania, Ohio, Virginia?  Is it right to dump our solid waste in communities that probably had little to say in the decision process exploiting their landscape?
Read more…
Siting waste-to-energy facilities is really the issue in the U.S., particularly in congested areas like the Northeast.. Vocal environmental groups have been effective in shooting down these facilities because of their concern with emissions and potentially hindering recycling. Also, given the open space in parts of the U.S., landfilling is simply cheaper even with having to haul long distances. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the U.S. was supposed to run out of landfill space. That was when the last of the waste-to-energy facilities were built. We did not run out of space so landfilling is still inexpensive.
Contrary to what many environmental groups say, waste-to-energy facilities do not discourage recycling or composting efforts.  It deals with residuals of these important initiatives.  Unlike landfilling, for example, metals in the waste stream not removed by curbside recycling are likely to be removed pre- or post- incineration.
The federal government requires that ash be tested for toxicity before disposed; modern plants more than meet required criteria.  Besides energy recovered in the incineration process, the ash itself can be used beneficially, transformed into non-hazardous construction materials like building blocks, reinforced concrete that even meets U.S. Army Corps of Engineers criteria for marine construction.
The advantages of using waste-to-energy facilities are considerable compared to landfilling.  And there is hope that better technologies will be developed.  So far, reliable technologies that can deal routinely with the heterogeneous make up of solid waste, and do so economically, have not been forthcoming.  Nor has the panacea of zero waste.  But until more progress is made in these areas, waste-to-energy plants can serve us quite nicely.
Start With Waste Reduction
Laura Haight is senior environmental associate with the New York Public Interest Research Group.
Ever since the ill-fated journey of the infamous Long Island garbage barge in 1987, Americans have been acutely aware that there is no place called “away” where the garbage all goes, and there are no magic bullets to solve our waste problems.
Recycling saves three to five times the amount of energy that incineration generates.
In 1988, in the aftermath of this embarrassment, New York adopted its first state law mandating source separation of recyclable materials, and set an ambitious goal of 50 percent   waste reduction and recycling by 1997.  But according to the state’s recently released draft Solid Waste Management Plan, New York is achieving a paltry 20 percent recycling rate of its mixed household waste.  This is unacceptable.
Where there’s a will, there’s a way to achieve far more successful recycling rates than the dismal performance in New York and most of the country.  San Francisco, for instance, has set a goal of sending zero waste to landfills or incinerators by 2020, and is already achieving an impressive 72 percent recovery rate through aggressive recycling, reuse, and composting programs.
Read more…
Waste-to-energy competes with recycling and composting programs for many of the same materials, such as paper, plastic, textiles and organic wastes.  Over 85 percent of New York’s municipal solid waste (MSW) is recyclable.  Recycling saves three to five times the amount of energy that incineration generates.
In addition, burning garbage is a dirty and inefficient way of producing energy.  As a fuel source, garbage incinerators release more CO2 emissions than coal-fired plants.  Incinerators are extremely costly to build and to operate, and consequently they rely heavily on the revenue stream from power generation.  This means there needs to be a steady supply of waste to feed the plant, which is in direct conflict with the “3 R’s” -– reduce, reuse, recycle.   In contrast, landfill life can be extended significantly through aggressive waste reduction programs.
Finally, significant health concerns remain regarding incinerator emissions and the disposal of toxic ash residue.  In addition to potential releases of dioxins and other cancer-causing emissions that have been a long-standing concern in the U.S., new research indicates that modern incinerators in Europe are a major source of ultrafine particle emissions, which can cause lung disease, heart disease, cancer and premature deaths.
It is a waste of energy to be discussing burning our garbage versus burying it –- our focus needs to be on waste reduction, reuse, recycling, and composting, which is where the real environmental, economic, and energy-saving benefits can be found.
‘Zero Waste’ Isn’t Realistic
John W. Norton, a consultant who specializes in waste management, is the chairman of the ASME solid waste processing division of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers .
When it comes to solid waste management, perfection is the enemy of progress.  “Zero waste” sounds perfect, but even recycling isn’t perfect.  When someone says “recycling,” we think of bottles and cans being recovered and reused whole or broken down, remelted or whatever to make a new product — all so clean and wonderful.
Waste-to-energy facilities need to be part of the mix, and we need a vocal minority to support them.
Recycling is good, but it has a whole host of environmental and human health problems as well.  It takes extra fuel, more trucking and human exposure to raw waste.
Recycling does not and cannot be used for all our solid waste. It’s not all bottles and cans. Nor is it all recyclable newspaper, cardboard, office paper, reusable plastic. Even if we processed food waste separately into soil amendments, there is still a heap of unrecyclable trash. Much of it is filthy.  No one pictures bloodied bandages and contaminated adult diapers when they preach “zero waste.” But those articles are there, in household waste. And so is a host of other dirty, disgusting stuff which can’t be wished away.
Read more…
Right now, “zero waste” is the enemy of progress. The best choice for trash disposal will involve not only recycling, but additional difficult processes that follow after all reasonable recycling has been done.  Waste-to-energy facilities need to be part of the mix, and we need a vocal minority to wake up and support them.
New York City’s Big Mistake
Nickolas Themelis , the Stanley-Thompson Professor Emeritus of Chemical Metallurgy, is the director of the Earth Engineering Center at Columbia University.
Over the last 15 years, New York City has sent more than two million garbage trucks to out-of-state landfills and buried the equivalent of  45 million barrels of oil.  It didn’t have to be this way.
The problem: a vociferous minority in the city and in the state that is totally against ‘incineration.’
In 1989, Mayor David Dinkins and the city developed a good plan that included recycling and also building a number of facilities for combustion with energy recovery. These waste-to-energy facilities were designed with advanced air pollution control systems similar to those used now in all “waste-to-energy” plants that have reduced dioxin emissions these plants to 10 grams of toxic equivalent dioxins for the entire U.S.
Unfortunately, when Mayor Rudy Giuliani came into office he scrapped these plans mainly because of opposition from some organizations, based on the emissions of incinerators in the 1980s, before Environmental Protection Agency regulations had been implemented.
Read more…
Sanitary landfilling will continue in parts of the U.S. where there is plenty of land because it is less costly, when one excludes the external environmental costs. But in the case of New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco and other major American cities that must transport waste over a long distance, waste-to-energy technology is more economic.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg as a businessman must be aware of this fact. However, there is a very vociferous minority in the city and in the state (despite the fact that New York State has 10 waste-to-energy plants that serve millions of people) that is totally against “incineration”, so it would require some political will.
A Bad Economic Deal
Neil Seldman is co-founder and president of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance . He is the author of “The U.S. Recycling Movement 1945-95,” and “Wasting in the U.S. 2000.”
Environmental questions are not  the primary concerns of many in the U.S. who oppose garbage incineration. While environmental concerns usually  wake people up, the economic and financial issues are paramount.
Incinerators don’t make financial sense when other approaches are cheaper.
Cities and counties cannot afford the cost of building waste-to-energy plants, which typically cost $650 million per plant. With 20 years of bond payments this would amount to $1.3 billion, plus operating costs.
The difference between Denmark and the U.S. is that we have landfills giving us time to carry out more recycling and composting that are 10 percent the cost of incineration. Plus the raw materials returned to industry and agriculture create jobs, (about 5 to 10 more jobs vs. incineration in just processing, and much more in manufacturing).
Read more…
Oakland, for example, has created 1,000 jobs in the past 10 years by investing in recycling and composting instead of incineration. Their tax base has expanded through these jobs and small businesses. Jobs are created as value is added to the raw materials.
The country’s modest 33 percent recycling rate supports over 1 million jobs. Another 1 million jobs are waiting if the country doubles its current diversion rate. This is easily doable in the next 5 years, simply by adopting and adapting the best state-of-the-art practices.
That is why cities and counties are building resource recovery parks to keep materials local. Half the materials in the waste stream if properly processed have active markets within a 50 mile radius of cities that generate the materials.
In World War II the country had to make do with local materials or do without. There are 500 million tons of municipal solid waste (MSW) and construction and demolition debris  that we cannot waste without severe economic pain.  Los Angeles, for example, recovers 94 percent of its construction and demolition  materials. New rules, economic incentives and equipment used there and in other  cities and counties could be applied  throughout the U.S.
If the incineration industry does not tie up waste streams for 20 years it cannot survive. But recycling, composting and anaerobic digestion are emerging so quickly, and are so much more economical than both incineration and landfilling, that the industry is desperate.
Hence the investment of millions by the industry in donations to Congress, state legislatures and local councils and commissions to  gain subsidies and exemptions from pollution regulations. But it won’t work to overcome the huge costs to build and operate incinerators. Every local  community that has investigated the issue is saying no to new incinerators.
Even when a facility works, as in Montgomery County, Md., it needs $40 million a year in subsidies to cover costs above revenue from energy sales and tip fees. Citizens pay a surcharge of from $200 to $400 per household.
We should — given the space, time and budgets we have — make the transition from waste management to resource management.
