 
 
TRASHOUT   SERVICE, INC. specializes’ in REO bank owned, abandoned and foreclosed   property securing, lawn maintenance and cleanup services.  From   furniture and appliance removal to professional cleaning, we offer prompt   service and competitive pricing.  Our   trucks have onboard generators for properties without electrical service.  We work seamlessly with local Law Enforcement, Realtors,   Locksmiths, Pool Companies, Contractors, Lawn Maintenance Crews and more.
Trashout Service, Inc. is a proud member of the National           Association of Mortgage Field Services.
WE   WORK AROUND YOUR SCHEDULE!  Whatever your needs are, no matter how big   the job is, no matter how small, we can get it done   in a timely, efficient, professional manner at a competitive price.    Examples of what we do: 
REO PROPERTIES:  Interior and   exterior trash out service of abandoned and   foreclosed properties.  Occupancy verification, board-ups, re-key / securing, lockbox   installation and minor repairs.  Photography documented before, during and   after services. 
INTERIOR CLEANING:  Professional janitorial service includes cleaning and deodorizing   bathrooms / kitchens / cabinets / all common areas, vacuum carpets, mop floors, dust   baseboards / sills / ceiling fans / light fixtures and clean windows inside and out.
EXTERIOR CLEANUP:  Pressure washing, professional lawn service   (cut grass, weed eat, edge, trim plants / trees, mulch, fertilized, weed   abatement). 
POST TENANT CLEANUP:  Upon completion of the eviction process   and vacancy of the tenant, we will professional clean the interior and   exterior of property, remove all debris and perform any lawn maintenance   required to get the property back into rentable condition.
SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE:  For absentee owners and property   managers we can maintain your proprieties with cleaning services, lawn care,   pool services, manage and oversee deliveries and construction issues.  We   provide dated digital documentation for your records.
Servicing These Markets:
