
Tour the Waste Disposal Process
Madison County is the only county in the state of Alabama that is able to reduce waste volume by 90% before sending it to the landfill. Here is how that is done:
Step 1: Curbside Pickup
City and county public works services collect solid waste from your residence.
Step 2: Solid Waste Delivered to Waste-to-Energy Facility
Most sanitation trucks deliver their contents directly to the Waste-to-Energy Facility.
Step 3: The Art of Mixing
At the Waste-to-Energy facility, the garbage is carefully mixed. Huge metal claws are used to distribute the garbage (not too much paper, metal or plastic in any one section) and lift giant scoops of waste over a wall into a combustion chamber that burns continually. Constant vigilance is required to keep the mix of waste balanced. We have a team of employees who mix the trash and feed the combustion chamber 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Watching the mixers work is a fascinating part of the process we share with tour groups who visit us.
Step 4: Incineration
Incineration of the waste takes place in the mass burn combustion system that burns at furnace temperatures exceeding 2000 degrees Fahrenheit. The process reduces the waste into an ashy residue that is approximately 10% of the original waste volume. As the waste burns, the acid gases and airborne particles are removed. To do this, combustion air is directed through technologically advanced air pollution control equipment that includes dry flue gas scrubbers and fabric filter baghouses.
Step 5: Save the Steam
Strict pollution control equipment contains gases or particles created by the incineration process. The white plumes often seen coming out of the Waste-to-Energy stacks are water vapor or steam. We are able to contain most of this powerful steam and transport it to Redstone Arsensal where it is used to heat buildings and power some types of equipment. Redstone Arsenal pays for this valuable resource which we use to off set operating costs of the waste disposal process.
Step 6: Recycle any Metal
When the ash residue is transported to the landfill, we remove iron and other metals and save them for recycling.
Step 7: Go to the Landfill
Now the ash is ready to be buried in the landfill.
Tours Available
We welcome groups to tour the facilities and learn more about the waste disposal process. The way we dispose of our waste in Madison County is unique in the state. We've had everyone from elementary school students to senior citizens visit our facility. Typical tours include a discussion about the 3 R's (reduce, reuse, recycle), our community's waste handling practices, and a tour of the waste-to-energy facility and/or a driving tour of the landfill. Come see if you can find the Cheerios box you threw away - among the 2,000 tons of garbage at the waste-to-energy facility.
Reservations are required and can be made by contacting:
Waste-To-Energy Facility
