The Garbage Disposal vs the Compost Bin
By
DoItYourself Staff
Garbage disposal is an easy and convenient way of tackling waste. Relatively few people use the benefits of composting, which is process of converting organic waste into a nutrient-rich matter that can enhance the soil and help in the growth of healthier plants. Composting definitely has some advantages over garbage disposal.
Pros and Cons of Garbage Disposal
Some of the advantages of garbage disposal are that it is cheap, quick and convenient. All you have to do is collect the garbage on a daily basis and dispose it of when the container if full. You do not have to purchase any equipment or set aside space for composting. For people residing in smaller homes or apartments, composting is not a possibility. It requires some space and also the right location to avoid the spread of microorganisms.
Garbage disposal also has its definite disadvantages. It adds to the burden on our landfills that are already struggling under tons of refuse. The fact is that a food percentage of garbage is made up of peels of vegetables and fruit, coffee grounds, garden waste and stale food. All these waste products can be kept aside in a composter and processed to make rich, pleasant smelling compost. By reducing your contribution to garbage, you can help in better operation of landfills and also reduce the chances of waste infiltrating into our waterways and drainage systems.
Pros and Cons of Composting
Composting is an easy process that can be mastered by almost anybody. All you need is a composter, a pitchfork, the required space in your backyard and the waste organic material for making the compost. There are some important things to remember. Never add meat or meat products, cat or dog feces, fish, weeds, dairy products or fat in the compost bin. All these ingredients may contribute to the development of harmful bacteria, whereas the purpose of composting is to encourage the growth of beneficial microorganisms.
Composting is one of the most beneficial processes for the environment. The end result of the process is moist compost, which is free of odor. Compost enriches the soil, acts as a soil conditioner, inhibits the growth of weeds and provides nutrition to your plants. It reduces the requirement for synthetic fertilizers that may contain toxins and harmful chemicals. It enables you to produce organic produce in your own backyard. It is also beneficial to your budget, because you can save a lot of money on fertilizers for the lawn and garden.
By using a compost bin, you can make a highly useful material from waste material. You can reduce the real estate requirement for garbage dumping and processing. You can also reduce toxic runoff from the soil to waterways, which is usually the result of chemicals used in gardening. Composting has negligible disadvantages such as the space requirement and some initial investment for equipment. You also have to be prepared to maintain the composting bin on a regular basis. However, a little effort will go a long way in improving your backyard and also the environment.
related how-to's
