Charitable Donations (Clothing, Household Goods, etc.)
 
  These items can be disposed with regular trash.
 
Appliances- Small household appliances including radios, VCRs (including tapes), toasters, irons, etc. can be disposed with regular trash.
Basketball pole & net- The pole must be cut down to three feet in length.
Batteries- Only regular household batteries can go with regular trash. See the recycling section for disposal of other types of batteries.
Bicycles
Building or construction material- These items will be picked up by the City only if there is a building permit on display with the green sticker, otherwise you must contract with a private disposal company.
Camping stove- The City will pick these up if there is no propane tank attached.
CDs/DVDs and their covers
China/ceramics
Christmas trees- Artificial trees can be put out with regular trash.  Real trees will be picked up by DPW for mulching in January. Trees put out after January, will be picked up for regular trash.
Computer accessories- The tower, printer, keyboard and computer laptops can be placed with regular trash. See the recycle section for disposing of the monitor.
Dehumidifier
Door- Wooden doors must be cut in half. Tape storm doors with glass in order to prevent shattering. Multiple doors would be considered construction material.
Fan
Fire Extinguishers- Small, empty household extinguishers can be disposed with regular trash. Larger or non-empty ones (regardless of size) must be brought to the DPW on Hazardous Waste Days.
Furniture- The City will pickup two pieces of furniture per week. Any mirrors or glass should be taped on both sides to avoid shattering. Drawers and doors should be tied down or removed to avoid injury.
Glass- Wrap the glass in heavy paper and/or with tape to ensure that it won't break easily. If wrapped in paper, please write on it that it is glass and must be handled with care. (Includes mirrors, table top glass etc.)
Ink cartridges & toners
Kitty Litter
Ladders- Wooden & metal ladders can be put out for pickup as long as it has been broken down into pieces no longer than 4 feet in length.
Lawn mowers- Non-motorized mowers can be placed with regular trash; motorized mowers, but be disposed of privately.
Medical equipment- Call 311 to arrange a pickup of hospital beds, wheelchairs, walkers, etc. Also some of these items can be donated to Council on Aging, if in good condition.
Microwave ovens 
Pools- Children's rubber pools can with regular trash; adult, aboveground rubber pool must be cut down to 3 feet in length pieces and tied with string or twine. Metal pool must be disposed privately.
Paint cans- If they are dry and empty, they can be dispose with regular trash. Non-empty cans must be brought to the DPW on Hazardous Waste Days.
Pots and Pans
Rugs/ Carpets- They must be rolled and tied with string/twine. Roll cannot exceed three feet in length.
Sewing Machines
Styrofoam- Peanuts/pellets may be disposed with trash.
Swing Sets- A wooden set must be dismantled in order to be picked up. A metal set must be disposed of privately.
Trash barrels & Recycling Bins- To dispose of damaged barrels or bins, place a sign indicating that item is broken and you wish to dispose of it.
TVs/ Computer monitors- You must arrange for a free pickup at least one day in advance by clicking here , or by dialing 311. You may also bring them to the DPW, with proof of residency.
Vinyl Records
Wood - small quantities cut into 3 feet length and tied into a bundle with string or twine.  Large amount would be considered building/construction materials, would need private disposal.
 
These items can be recycled.
 
Aseptic packaging- Wax-covered or foiled line containers such as juice boxes can be placed in the recycle bin.
Aluminum cans
Aluminum foil- Only completely clean foil can be recycled.
Books- Hardcover and paperbacks.
Cardboard and paperboard - Including pizza boxes ( make sure to remove all food waste from the boxes).
Cans of compressed gas/air duster- In order to be able to recycle these cans, you will need to make sure there is no compressed air left in the can. Once it is empty you will need to puncture the can.
Bottles and containers- Glass and Plastic containers (#1-7, except Styrofoam).
Paper
Shredded Paper - can be placed with recycling if it stored in a clear see-through plastic bag.
Rigid Plastic  - any other plastic item numbered 1-7, or items such as plastic toys, etc.   
Top
 
These items require a $25 White Goods Sticker that can be purchased at the DPW (check or money order) or City Hall (cash, check or money order). (Neither office can accept credit cards.) (Be sure not to block pedestrian traffic.)
Air Conditioners
Refrigerators- Remove door before placing the item on the sidewalk.
Stoves
