by Peter Bodley
Managing Editor
Anoka County is going to be paying less to have garbage processed at the Elk River Resource Recovery Facility under a new agreement approved by the Anoka County Board.
Since 1989, garbage or solid waste from Anoka County has been processed at the Elk River plant where it is turned into renewable energy, specifically electricity.
Sherburne, Hennepin, Benton and Stearns counties were also part of the original agreement, but in 2009 when all but Sherburne County dropped out, Anoka and Sherburne counties, in an effort to control rising costs, entered into new agreements with RRT, the plant operator at that time, to make it a market-driven operation.
Those agreements, in effect until Dec. 31, 2012, were carried over when Great River Energy (GRE) purchased the facility in 2010 and now owns both that operation and Elk River power plant that converts the processed waste into electricity.
According to Brad Fields, Anoka County integrated waste management department director, the refused derived fuel that is generated from the waste processing serves some 25,000 GRE customers.
The revised agreement between GRE and Anoka County has come about because GRE’s energy production costs at the facility are running much higher than regional energy prices, Fields said.
The reasons are lack of garbage and reduced wholesale energy prices, he said.
To remedy that, GRE has asked Anoka and Sherburne counties to allow out-of-county garbage to go to the resource recovery plant at the published gate fee minus a transportation credit, Fields said.
Specifically, Hennepin County has agreed to deliver garbage from its transfer station, he said.
According to Fields, Hennepin County originally stopped sending its garbage to the Elk River location because it was going to process its solid waste at its downtown Minneapolis burner.
But since then it has had landfill some of its garbage and that is a violation of state law that requires metro counties to process their garbage, not send it to a landfill, Fields said.
It is the Hennepin County garbage that has been going to a landfill that will now be transported to the Elk River Resource Recovery Facility, he said.
The Hennepin County Board has approved an agreement with GRE for the processing of its garbage at the Elk River plant, while the Sherburne County Board has approved similar revisions to its agreement with GRE as Anoka County, Fields said.
Under the terms of the revised agreement with GRE, Anoka County’s rates will be lower, the term of the agreement will be extended to Dec. 31, 2015 and the county’s total out-of-pocket costs will be reduced over the life of the contract, according to Fields.
“This will allow the facility to remain viable and to continue processing Anoka County garbage as provided for in state law,” Fields said.
The total savings to the county for the 2011 and 2012 budget years will be up to $1.5 million per year, he said.
This includes the hauler tipping fee, the licensed hauler rebate paid by the county and the process fee paid to GRE by the county.
In fact, the new contract language eliminates the processing fee paid by the county to GRE effective May 1.
And the total per ton cost paid by the county to GRE will stay at a flat $68 throughout the life of the agreement (2011 through 2015) compared with the previous per ton cost that had ranged between $72 to $84 a year.
“In addition, the county will receive a $1 per ton rebate for each ton of garbage delivered from outside of Anoka and Sherburne counties,” Fields said.
Anoka County will have both short- and long-term cost reductions under the revised agreement and both county and hauler costs will be lowered, he said.
As well, GRE will be able to attract more waste so it can remain viable and continue to operate, Fields said.
“This is a good deal for Anoka County and a win, win for all parties,” he said.
Peter Bodley is at peter.bodley@ecm-inc.com
 
