Tours
 
Recycle City staff welcomes visitors interested in learning about recycling such as school classes, scout troops, etc. The tour includes an oral presentation, a 10-minute video, and a viewing room where trash trucks can be seen dumping trash, a conveyor belt can be seen carrying recyclables to be sorted from trash, and front loaders can be seen filling trucks with trash after sorting to be taken to the landfill. Tours are available Monday-Friday from 8:45 a.m.-3:30 p.m.
 
To schedule a tour of Recycle City, click here or call 636.970.1456.
 
 
Pennies for Patriots - Aluminum Can Donations Help Our Military Personnel
St. Peters' Recycle City  collects aluminum cans for our Pennies for Patriots program to support the USO at Lambert International Airport. The collection drive runs from from Nov. 12 each year to Nov. 11 the following year, after which the total cans collected is converted to dollars and a check is presented to the USO
Collecting cans for Pennies for Patriots is a great community project for families, churches, schools and other groups. Simply bring the cans to Recycle City and place them in the specially marked dumpster under the American flag in the recyclables drop-off area.
We began the Pennies for Patriots aluminum can drive late in 2001 after the September 11th attack on the United States. By the time the drive ended in 2002, we had raised $620 for the USO at Lambert International Airport.
Over the years, the donations have steadily increased and to date, your aluminum can donations have turned into a total of $12,730 to help soldiers passing through St. Louis International Airport. This 2011 Pennies for Patriots aluminum can drive netted $2389 for the USO.
 
To  donate your aluminum cans to Pennies for Patriots, bring them to St.  Peters’ Recycle City and place them in the specially marked dumpster  under the American flag in the recyclables drop-off area. For your convenience, there is another Pennies for Patriots collection container located at City Hall outside the Cultural Arts Centre entrance.
Notify me when this page changes.
Email 
