 
To raise our recycling rate we need to reduce and   reuse as well as recycle.
Each Maine community determines its own system for managing waste.   As a  result, there are nearly as many different recycling programs in Maine as   there are towns. Approximately 40% of Maine’s residents are provided curbside   collection services, the remainder use drop-off services.
 
Waste-to-Energy (Incineration)
Nearly 34% of Maine’s garbage was incinerated in 2009 at four   waste to energy facilities.  These four facilities are Ecomaine, in Portland,   Maine Energy Recovery Company(MERC) in Biddeford, Penobscot Energy Recovery   Company (PERC) in Orrington, and Mid-Maine Waste Action Corporation (MMWAC) in   Auburn.
How does an incinerator work?
- Trash is burned at very high temperatures producing heat that   converts water into steam.
- The steam powers turbines that generate electricity.
- Scrubbers, bag houses and other equipment significantly reduce   the amount of pollutants emitted into the environment.
- After burning, about 1/3rd of the garbage is left as   non-combustible debris or ash. These leftovers are disposed of in a   landfill.
The combined daily processing capacity of the 4   waste to energy facilities: 2,750 tons of waste a day
 
Landfills – General Information
Today’s landfills are very different from the old ones where   people just dumped their garbage in an open area. Now landfills are strictly   regulated to prevent contamination.
Most landfills have:
Plastic and clay liner systems underneath the waste to protect   soil and water supplies.
Collection pipes for the liquid (called leachate) produced by the   garbage and rainfall, which is usually sent to waste water treatment plants for   disposal.
Pipes for managing the gases released by the waste.
The surface area of the waste is covered daily to assist in   controlling odors and reducing the number of birds and animals attracted to the   site. 
The landfill is designed to keep out water and air so it is   a very dry environment.
Many modern landfills are using the methane gas released by the   garbage to generate power.  Once the landfill is full, the area is capped with   another layer of plastic, covered with soil, and eventually restored to a   natural looking area.
                        
Maine’s Landfills
There are 11 landfills currently operating in the   state that accept the majority of the solid waste we generate, including the ash   and residues from the waste to energy incineration facilities:
 
6 are municipally owned and used primarily for   disposal of garbage generated within the community or the region: Bath;   Brunswick; Augusta (Hatch Hill);  Greenville; Presque   Isle; and Fort Fairfield (TriCommunity).
2 are municipally owned/operated   by regional entities and are used primarily for the disposal of residue from 2   waste to energy plants. Mid-Maine Waste Action Corporation sends ash to the   Lewiston Landfill and the residue from the ecomaine waste to energy   plant in Portland is sent to a landfill in Scarborough.
2 are privately owned by solid   waste management companies: Waste Management Inc. owns and operates the   Crossroads Landfill, located in Norridgewock; Casella Waste Systems owned and   operated the Pine Tree Landfill, located in Hampden which closed at the end of 2009.
1 landfill is owned by the State   of Maine and is called Juniper Ridge.  This landfill is located in Old Town, and   is operated by Casella Waste Systems.  The state owns another landfill site   outside of Lincoln, but that site remains wooded and undeveloped.
These landfills accept various waste streams and must be permitted   and licensed by the Maine Department of Environmental Protection.  In addition   to these landfills, there are approximately 20 other publicly owned disposal   facilities in Maine that accept brush, wood, inert debris and   construction/demolition wastes.
