Converting trash gas into energy gold - CNN
Converting trash gas into energy gold
Share this on:
May 25, 2006|By Daniela Chen CNN
The process of converting landfill gas into energy is relatively simple.
The trash you toss in the garbage could end up powering your lights, computer and washing machine, because in the world of alternative energy, one man's trash is another man's treasure trove of fuel.
With the growing concern for U.S. dependence on foreign oil and recognition of shrinking fossil fuel reserves, new attention is being focused on renewable sources of energy.
One such source that already is being converted to electricity is landfill gas.
According to the Environmental Protection Agency, every person in America produces an average of 4.5 pounds of garbage per day. Much of that trash goes into landfills, which are the largest human-related source of methane in the United States.
Advertisement
In 1994, the EPA formed the Landfill Methane Outreach Program (LMOP) under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. LMOP Team Leader Brian Guzzone said since methane is both a pollutant greenhouse gas and a source of energy, it offers a good opportunity to reduce greenhouse emissions and provide energy.
About 50 percent of all of the waste that we generate as a society today is put into municipal solid waste landfills, Guzzone said. The EPA encourages the capture of the resulting landfill gas and the energy produced from it.
The federal government has partnerships with more than 500 utilities, states, private businesses and communities. "The EPA's role is to work with communities that have landfills and help them realize the potential opportunity of their landfill," Guzzone said. That includes providing materials, technical services and community outreach.
The process of converting landfill gas into energy is relatively simple. A series of wells sunk into a landfill collect the gas, which is then used to burn in engines and boilers, heat greenhouses, fuel vehicles, etc. Guzzone said landfill gas can be used just as traditional fuels such as coal and natural gas are used. "It's comparable to natural gas," he said.
In 2005, there were 396 operational landfill gas projects in the United States, Guzzone said. According to the EPA Web site, two-thirds of the current projects are being used to generate electricity, producing approximately nine billion kilowatt-hours per year.
The other third of operational projects supply gas for direct-use applications, such as fueling boilers, engines and greenhouses.
In total, the projects produce the energy equivalent of electricity for 725,000 homes or heat for 1.2 million homes.
1
