Join the Conversation
Trash Flow - Tom Reed
This article examines the process of forgiveness. It equates forgiveness to a process of removing debris and trash from one's psyche.
If you consider the transgressions that occur in our lives as burdens, then one must think about the process of forgiving as freeing oneself of those burdens. It is a lot like taking out the trash.
How We Accumulate Trash
It works like this. During our life experience we gather property and belongings in our homes that have lost their usefulness. We call it trash. The longer you allow the trash to remain the more you accumulate. The more you accumulate, the more it occupies precious space. The older the trash the more it begins to rot. The more it rots, the more it emits putrid odors and the more it begins to infect the new property we accumulate. Soon the trash can negatively affect the whole.
We Can Expect to Accumulate Trash
This is what occurs when we are not forgiving. There are things that will surely happen to us in life. The transgressions will occur, we will experience violations, there will be unfortunate events. They will accumulate like trash. They will multiply, they will begin to build, and they will have no constructive purpose. They will affect our basic paradigms of life and affect our interpersonal relationships. They will challenge our basic values in life and perhaps worse, they will form destructive patterns of behavior. Eventually, we become the very thing that robs us of our joy and happiness. We become enemies to ourselves.
Taking Out the Trash
So we need to consider the process of taking out the trash. We need to practice forgiveness. This is not something we do only for others. Perhaps, most importantly, we do it for ourselves. We were intended to have a joyful productive life. Yet, somehow, we instead learn to harbor resentments, and bitterness. Instead of taking out the trash we hold on to the trash.
Infected Trash Becomes Anger
Soon the infected trash transforms into Anger. Anger has both disastrous psychological and physiological harm. In other words, it attacks your complete self. A lack of forgiveness fosters anger that leads to filters on one's perspective. These filters take one into the dark world of negativism. Negativism changes one's worldview. Everything one sees, everything one feels is dark. Every interaction with others is dark. It is a revolving world of darkness. It forms a defeatist existence.
More on this topic
