See Directory:Energy from Sewage - separage listing
Waste Heat Generators
Featured : Waste to Energy >
Waste Heat Generators - We have established a directory of companies and technologies involved in efficiently extracting energy from waste heat. (PESWIki; Sept. 8. 2008)
Municipal Waste-to-Energy Research & Development
Ecofasa turns waste to biodiesel using bacteria - The process doesn't yield that much actual fuel: just one liter of biodiesel from 10 kg of trash. The project is now in a development phase, but Ecofasa said that a commercially viable model could be ready in three to four years. ( Patent ) ( Video Link" Spanish) (AutoBlog Green; Oct. 18, 2008)
Modern-Day Alchemy: Turning Trash Into Power - GE, which aims to make $25 billion in annual sales from green businesses by 2010, is working to adapt its gasification technology, used to burn coal more cleanly, to turn municipal waste into a relatively clean-burning gas. Fletcher estimated that GE is about five to ten years away from making garbage gasification a paying business. (Planet Ark; May 22, 2008)
Waste Water Plus Bacteria Make Hydrogen Fuel - Bacteria that feed on vinegar and waste water zapped with a shot of electricity could produce a clean hydrogen fuel to power vehicles that now run on petroleum. These microbial fuel cells can turn almost any biodegradable organic material into zero-emission hydrogen gas fuel. (PESWiki; Nov. 12, 2007)
They're Recycling Their Brain Power - An extraordinary group of retired scientists and engineers in Asheville, N.C., is working to solve the area’s environmental problems. (Parade; Oct. 31, 2004)
BioMaxx Systems Inc - Converting cellulosic biomass that is currently being abandoned or land filled into ethanol and other valuable co-products.  Holds the worldwide license to a new fermentation process.
New 'Digester' Converts Garbage to Energy - University of California Davis  prototype anaerobic digester to produce electricity, soil amendments for landscaping, and fiberboard for construction. (YubaNet; Oct. 7, 2004)
Wastewater Could Treat Itself, Power City - The energy stored in Toronto's municipal wastewater could be harnessed to run water treatment facilities and contribute power to the city grid. Studies under way.  (Solar Access; Sept. 24, 2004)
Plastic to Energy in Japan - "A consortium of public and private players is planning to build poker tables the nation's first power plant that burns waste plastic as fuel. Plastic waste from the Tokyo Metro area will make up half the feedstock and industrial waste wil make up the balance. Plastic will be pelletized before shipment to the plant in Iwaki City in northern Fukushima prefecture. The government likes to refer to this as 'thermal recycling' so it fits in with government plans to promote incinerators with energy generation capability. They also see it as a first step toward 90% plastic 'recycling' by the next century." (GMI';' Jan. 95)
Diesel >
Changing World Technology - Thermal Depolymerization Process - Technology claims to have a viable method of reforming organic waste into oil.  However, the system has cost far more, and the small issues much larger than they had initially estimated. (PESWIki; Aug. 26, 2008)
Carpet Discards to Energy - Shaw Industries plant in Georgia, US will produce steam energy from waste product. (EnergyInfoSource.com, Oct 7, 2004)
Cow manure to light up farming community - Canadian farming community receives government funds to become the country's first municipality to be electrically powered by cow manure. (Big News Network, Canada; Oct. 26, 2004)
DOJ Files Civil Action Against MagCorp for PCB Violations - Leading U.S. polluter, US Magnesium Corporation of Salt Lake City, has been on the EPA's list as the largest toxic air polluter in the country. Though it has improved, it is still significantly lacking. Local inventor said he demonstrated the successful burning of some of their emissions for energy and clean-up, but they declined to integrate the technique. (PESN; May 12, 2005)
Non-Energy Related
Free-lunch foragers - 'Freegans' are a growing subculture that has opted out of capitalism by cutting spending habits and living off consumer waste. (LA Times; Sept. 11, 2007)
Tornado in a Can - pulverizes down to micrometer powder; demonstrates an "overunity" phenomenon. (MSNBC; April 26, 2004)
Avantis - "The chemical industry is experiencing rapidly increasing feedstock and energy costs, regulatory pressures, high volatility of raw material costs, employee downsizing and customer service call center outsourcing, as well as concerns over foreign competition and geopolitical events. Fortunately, there’s Avantis -- today’s most effective enterprise asset management solution that can reduce the risk of implementation with pre-defined work processes and best practices. One specifically tailored to help chemical producers do more with less."
Advanced Technology Feasibility Group - Operational prototype converts refuse into building materials, including 2 x 4s studs, 2 x 6 etc, railroad ties, bricks, roofing shingles, culverts.  Looking for investors.
Diamond Z Manufacturing - recycling and refuse handling machinery such as garbage grinders (useful for waste-to-energy projects).
infertility
Enviro-Bricks - "With the solid look of a brick home, and the environmentally responsible aspect of mass recycling, Enviro-Bricks provide the answer to a very critical worldwide need."  R40 insulation.
Flame Resistant Polycarbonate from Fly Ash - NEC Corporation has developed a low energy consuming method of manufacturing a flame resistant polycarbonate using the by product of thermal power plants. (PhysOrg; Nov. 12, 2004)
Nuclear Waste to Energy
Beta Voltaics - Claim long duration power cells that convert radioactive materials to inert. Skeptic comments included.
Cleaning Uranium Waste with Bacteria - U.S. researchers have discovered that some common bacteria (Shewanella) can convert deadly heavy metal into less threatening nano-spheres; and that these bacteria can convert soluble radioactive uranium into a non-toxic solid form called uraninite. (Pacific Northwest National Laboratories; Aug. 7, 2006) (See [1] discussion)
Plastics
See also Directory:Plastic and Energy - separate listing
Cardboard
Waste to Energy > Ethanol >
Companies Transform Scrap Cardboard Into Ethanol Fuel - A new partnership between a paperboard mill and a biofuel producer is now producing ethanol fuel from scrap cardboard fiber, including the 5% portion that usually enters the waste stream.  The cardboard ethanol is expected to emit 80% less carbon emissions than regular gasoline. (Inhabitat; May 31, 2010)
Refinery Flaring
Making Sour Gas Into Sweet Energy - Microturbines were the perfect choice for Amerada Hess’ Newburg oil field, largely because the small engines boast a higher sulfur tolerance than do reciprocating engines and reduced total emissions from flaring operations at the field by an average of 75%. (Distributed Energy; May/June 2008)
Repurposing
Waste to Energy / Directory:Solar >
Largest Water Solar Heater with PET Bottles Installed in Parana, Brazil - The State of Parana in Brazil, hosts the largest solar water heater in Brazil, built with 1.8 thousand PET bottles and 1.5 thousand tetra-packs . The heater was installed in Palmas, in southern Parana, over a building belonging to the Brazilian army that serves as home for 50 soldiers and consumes eight thousand liters of water daily. (TreeHugger; August 11, 2008)
IBM Pioneers Process to Turn Waste into Solar Energy - IBM has developed a new semiconductor wafer reclamation process that uses a specialized pattern removal technique to repurpose scrap semiconductor wafers to a form used to manufacture silicon-based solar panels. (PhysOrg; Oct. 30, 2007)
Research & Development
Trash-fed generator deployed in Iraq - The U.S. Army is testing two prototype generators in Iraq that run on garbage, rather than diesel fuel. The Tactical Garbage to Energy Refinery (TGER, pronounced "tiger"), was co-developed with Purdue University and deployed in May at Victory Base camp in Baghdad, where it will be tested until August 2008. (CNet News; June 19, 2008)
Scientists develop portable generator that turns trash into electricity - $1 million later and they have the first portable refinery that efficiently converts food, paper and plastic trash into electricity. (Purdue University; Feb, 1 2007)
US Military Investigating Fuel from Waste - Diversified Energy and Velocys are working together on a portable system that converts coal, natural gas, and biomass into diesel and jet fuel. The military could use the system to convert waste created at military bases--food scraps, paper, wood--into a fuel for military jets and vehicles.
Waste Water Plus Bacteria Make Hydrogen Fuel - Bacteria that feed on vinegar and waste water zapped with a shot of electricity could produce a clean hydrogen fuel to power vehicles that now run on petroleum. These microbial fuel cells can turn almost any biodegradable organic material into zero-emission hydrogen gas fuel.
Reincarnated material turns waste heat into power - A major boost in the effectiveness of a material that transforms waste heat into electricity could significantly boost energy efficiency in anything from air conditioners to car engines. It is the first major improvement in such "thermoelectric" materials in 50 years, say researchers. (New Scientist; Mar. 20, 2008)
Biofuels from Wood Chips - Three University of California campuses and West Biofuels LLC, will develop a prototype research reactor to make biofuels without food crops or microbial fermentation. It will use steam, sand and catalysts to efficiently convert forest, urban, and agricultural “cellulosic�? wastes into alcohol that can be used as a gasoline additive. (PhysOrg; Jun. 12, 2007)
Michaud Atmospheric Vortex Engine - Louis Michaud's atmosphere vortex engine would harness waste heat from power plants and other heat sources, creating a stationary tornado and capturing the rotational force.
More
If you know of a resource that is not included in the above site, feel free to post it here. (Click on the "edit" button next to the heading where you want to insert content.)
ASTM D6866 - This method, which is an industrial application of radiocarbon dating, measures the biogenic fraction of waste-derived fuel combustion emissions. Through ASTM D6866, companies that combust municipal solid waste, tires, and other waste materials can determine the biomass fraction of the waste.
Circle Biodiesel & Ethanol Corporation - The company makes biodiesel processors, ethanol stills, methane digesters for biogas and algae photo bioreactors for the biofuels industry.
Bios Fuel > Diesel Drives 3000 km on Water and Waste Oil - Bios Fuel Corporation of New Zealand drove a Toyota Landcruiser across the Australian Desert from Darwin to Adelaide, running a virtually unmodified diesel engine on 40% Water and 60% Waste Mineral oil as part of the Greenfleet Class of the Panasonic World Solar Challenge. (PESN; Nov. 7, 2007)
Whaste Technology -  The REFLOW process accepts a stream containing organic materials, such as municipal liquid waste or industrial and agricultural streams and converts it into a renewable energy source. It can be used as a solid fuel or, with additional processing converted into a synthetic gas or liquid fuel. Only 20% to 30% of the energy produced is required to drive the process.
Butanol via Gasification - Energy Quest announced plans to produce butanol via gasification and catalytic conversion of coal and waste biomass, using its fluidized bed gasifier and PyStR (Pyrolysis Steam Reforming) process. Butanol is an alcohol with advantages over ethanol, that can be used in unmodified gas engines. (Green Car Congress; Jun. 11, 2007)
QuestAir Makes First Sale into European Biogas Market - QuestAir Technologies has received an order for a pressure swing adsorption system to recover pipeline grade methane from biogas generated by the anaerobic digestion of organic wastes. There is growing interest across the EU in the use of renewable methane to replace imported natural gas and CNG transportation fuel. (Green Car Congress; January 24, 2007)
Ze-gen - Developer of waste gasification technology which converts construction and demolition waste and municipal solid waste into near zero-emissions synthetic natural gas and electrical energy. Integrates commercially proven technology sub-systems into a modular design using molten bath gasification.
Scientists develop portable generator that turns trash into electricity - A group of scientists have created a portable refinery that efficiently converts food, paper and plastic trash into electricity. The machine, designed for the U.S. military, would allow soldiers in the field to convert waste into power and could have widespread civilian applications in the future. (PESN; Feb. 4, 2007)
Ozmotech - ThermoFuel technology recovers synthetic diesel fuel from waste plastic for less than 30 cents per litre. Already in operation in Japan for power generators, the new process produces a superior quality road fuel suitable for all types of diesel engines. European contracts have been signed with Ozmo Energy , Cynar and EnvoSmart .
Trash to fuel gets 2nd shot - The KDV-500 catalytic pressureless depolymerization technology by Germany's AlphaKat is claimed to turn trash into diesel fuel in 3 minutes. It uses catalysts in crystallic form in a high speed turbulence system with a production cost of 0.23 €/l. (WyomingNews; Feb. 10, 2007)
Poo Power : N-Viro Fuel Tested in Coal-Fired Plant - N-Viro International successfully tested a blend of coal and N-Viro Fuel at a major power generation facility. N-Viro Fuel is a biomass fuel that has physical and chemical characteristics similar to coal. It is created from municipal waste or manure utilizing alkaline stabilization and mechanical drying. (Water and Wastewater.com; Mar. 8, 2007) (Thanks Keelynet )
Bio-Petrol.com - Developing a process of low temperature thermochemical conversion of municipal sewage sludge into oil. It can also process agri-wastes, bagasse, pulp and paper residues, tannery sludge and other end-of-life products such as plastics, tires and the organics in municipal solid waste.
Enerkem - Enerkem's technology enables the chemical recycling of waste into high value, market-ready fuels and chemicals such as methanol, ethanol and synthetic diesel. Gasification is conducted using air or oxygen as partial oxidation agent for the desired synthetic gas composition.
Quadrise Canada - an alternative liquid fuel system called MSAR™ Multiphase Superfine Atomized Residue, which can be burned as an efficient energy source in many industrial applications. Uses bitumen and heavy residue feedstock. Ideal disposal method for refinery residue products.
GreenFuel Technologies Emissions-to-Biofuels™ (E2B™) process harnesses photosynthesis to grow algae, capture CO2 and produce high-energy biomass. Retrofitting fossil-fired power plants and other anthropogenic sources of carbon dioxide, the algae can be economically converted to solid fuel, methane, or liquid transportation fuels such as biodiesel and ethanol.
GreenShift Technology Converts Agricultural Waste into Biofuels - New wastewater processing technology for livestock and poultry processing facilities dramatically reduces waste disposal costs and produces biodiesel.
Xethanol uses locally available biomass rather than corn as the primary raw material for ethanol production.  Biomass is organic waste material and includes everything from wood chips and yard waste, to corn stover and municipal solid waste.
Eprida process can operate at small scale, converting waste biomass into fuel and fertilizer. The diesel produced will ultimately be more valuable than ethanol or methanol, and the Eprida process can convert woody plant materials that cannot be cost effectively fermented.
DynaMotive is commercializing a "fast pyrolysis" process that converts forest and agricultural residue (including bark) into liquid BioOil and char. BioOil is a clean burning fuel that will initially be used in stationary gas turbines and diesel engines in the forest industry. The char is a high BTU (heating value) solid fuel that can be used in kilns, boilers and the briquette industry.
Beijing Roy Environment Technology - Royco manufactures a reactor unit (EZ-Oil Generator) for the conversion of waste plastics and waste oil into high grade petroleum products, and very soon into electricity (EZ-PowerGen in R&D now). The system utilizes Far Infrared Inner Heating which dramatically reduces costs, virtually eliminates coking and has the most efficient processing record of all other methods.
ForeverGreen Enterprises - We manufacture Green Hydrogen™ using waste materials as feed stocks. At the core of the Progressive Molecular Dissociation™ process is a plasma-based system that destroys feed stock materials at the molecular level using a thermal reduction process. It does not involve combustion. Materials are completely and irreversibly destroyed at the molecular level.
Kompogas - To produce energy from yard and kitchen waste, biogenous waste is first freed of foreign matter and then fed to the fermenter. In the entirely enclosed reactor operating according to the anaerobic principle (with absence of oxygen), microorganisms transform the organic substance present in the material into compost and biogas.
Nova Fuels - Utilizing a process of gasification, Nova Fuels can ease disposal problems by using what are often problematic waste streams, such as municipal solid waste (presorted), green waste, agricultural and forest byproducts, while generating a renewable supply of fuel alcohols.
Plastic Advanced Recycling Corporation - PARC is an Illinois Corporation that owns the USA and international patent rights for a catalytic process that turns waste plastic into hydrocarbon fuel, namely gasoline and diesel at an 80% conversion ratio. This is a proven technology with three processing plants currently operating for the last 10 years in the Peoples Republic of China.
DiNano Ecotechnology - DiNano Thermolyte® (pat pending) Process of Converting Carbon based material to Gas and Petroleum. Unique system is capable of processing simultaneously most carbon based materials, such as coal, lignite, used tires, biomass, used oils of any description, Municipal Solid waste (presorted to remove ceramics, glass, batteries, steel), hospital waste (with special treatment) and convert them to crude oil which is then refined to diesel, with high yield and efficiency.
Capstone MicroTurbine - As waste biodegrades at landfills, sewage treatment plants, livestock farms and food waste processing facilities, methane and other toxic gases are formed. Most sites flare those gases or let them vent into the air. Capstone MicroTurbines are turning that source of pollution into clean, renewable energy, to cut or virtually eliminate your facility’s power bills.
Redwood Rubber - Has developed a chemical free ultrasonic process that can recycle used tires into devulcanized rubber as a lower cost substitute for virgin rubber. The Redwood recycling and remolding process consumes a fraction of the energy needed to produce synthetic rubber from raw materials and drastically lowers waste disposal needs.
Agri-Therm - Portable and stationary equipment for producing BIO-oils and products from agricultural residues, wastes and transition crops using "fast pyrolysis" by exposure to high temperatures in the absence of oxygen. The process produces gases, liquids and solids from a mobile pyrolysis plant that can be transported to the source of the waste product.
ThermoEnergy - Converting sewage sludge to a renewable high-energy fuel, and enabling the conversion of coal and other hydrocarbon fuels into energy with zero air emissions. The ThermoEnergy Integrated Power System combines the combustion of carbonaceous fuels with recovery of by-products by pressurizing the entire combustion system to enable the use of gas-to-liquid steam-hydroscrubbing.
BioEnergy Partners - Biomass will be efficiently converted into biofuel using pyrolysis technology, from paper, wood and Municipal wastes, sludge from water treatment plants, animal wastes and agricultural wastes remaining after harvests.
Tire Waste
Nearly Nine Million Scrap Tires Burned for Power Generation at Aquila Missouri Plants - Since 1997, 8.3 million tires have been burned at the Aquila, Missouri power plant, effectively replaced the equivalent of 140,800 tons of coal. (BusinessWire; Aug. 1, 2005)
Tire vaporizer
Creative Energy Systems - Sewage and Landfill Clean-up with Energy Production; isolation of elements for recycling.  Super-clean tire burner prototype operated 1 year.  Full municipal waste and sewage to energy system has not yet to be assembled.  Includes plasma technology.
Ethanol from Garbage and Old Tires - Tubes packed with bundles of white fibers are the core of a bioreactor, which is the heart of a new technology that Coskata claims combine thermochemical and biological approaches to make ethanol out of wood chips, household garbage, grass, and old tires--indeed, just about any organic material. (MIT Technology Review; March/April 2008)
Tire Recycling Breakthrough - Delta Energy's DEPolymerization™ process takes one of the world's biggest pollution problems - discarded tires - and turns them into usable fuel, made possible by a secret chemical compound. 99% of the original tire is turned into something useful, from natural gas to diesel fuel to carbon that can be reused in the rubber and plastics industry. (KXNet.com; Nov. 12, 2007)
Klean Industries Converts Scrap Tires In To Nano Carbons - The next wave of waste processing. Unique pyrolysis technology converts virtually all hydrocarbon waste streams into highly purified virgin hydrocarbon and advanced material nanocarbons.
[TirelessTech.com] - Non-combustive process recycles tires back to raw commodities such as carbon black, hydrogen,  methane and a very fine crude oil. No emissions.  Can also recycle medical waste or anything that is carbon based. In process of securing final investments and licensing rights. (Tipped anonymously at ZPEnergy by nephew of inventor)
Resources
Interviews
The following 55-minute interviews were conducted by Sterling D. Allan as part of the Free Energy Now radio series.
Download (13 mb; mp3) - Frank Pringle, Global Resource Corp , has invented and refined an efficient microwave energy process to turn plastics, discarded tires, and other carbon-based substances such as shale, coal, and tar sands into gas and oil. (Jan. 14, 2008)
Download (13 mb; mp3) - Paul Pabor, VP of Renewable Energy, Waste Management , the company that comes around to haul off garbage, is increasingly turning some of that garbage into energy -- enough to power over one million homes -- the equivalent of 14 million barrels of oil per year or 3.6 million tons of coal. And the company has a goal to double that amount to 2 million homes by 2020. (Dec. 10, 2007)
Download (13 mb; mp3) - Tom Beck, CEO of SHEC Labs talks about how his company is in process of installing their first commercial facility in Regina, SK Canada that will take the methane from the landfill and convert it to hydrogen using solar power, eliminating the methane by producing a valuable fuel. (Nov. 26, 2007)
Download (13 mb; mp3) - Mike McLaren of W2Energy describes their biomass plasma reactor for plasma assisted conversion of biomass to liquid fuel. It efficiently produces green energy, both fuel (sulfur free diesel) and electricity, using the plasma as a high temperature catalyst.  Company also has a patented rotary engine/ positive displacement pump energy system. (Oct. 8, 2007)
Download (13 mb; mp3) - Joe Longo, President, CEO, StarTech , which converts trash to energy using a plasma process (featured in Popular Science , March 2007). (Mar. 10, 2007)
Download (13 mb; mp3) - Dr. Ruggero Maria Santilli of MagneGas , describes their process of producing fuel from waste using a plasma process. (Aug. 26, 2006)
Articles
Trends > Free Energy / Waste to Energy / Pollution >
The Ramifications of Free Energy - Cheap fossil fuels have enabled the rapid expansion of human life; but what happens when resources run out? Free energy prolongs things and reverses some negative trends, but more thought needs to be put into considering long term trends and how to mitigate negative impact. ( Cold Fusion Now ; September 17, 2011)
Energy That Cleans Up - A fuel cell fueled by microbes in wastewater also cleans the water. (MIT Technology Review; Mar. 22, 2004)
Trash Talkers Tout 'Ray-Gun' to Zap Rubbish - NY Post article on Startech Environmental of Connecticut. Estimated time to market: 10 years. (Oct. 20, 2002)
' Waste to Energy Review - Overview of methanol extraction practices in use.  Also gives biodeisel considerations. (Pollution Engineering; Michigan; Mar. 1, 2005)
California to Argentina on Vegetable Oil - Family tanks up on waste grease collected from restaurants along the way through 11 country promotional tour. (The Star; July 27, 2004)
Power Proposal Stinks - "Poo power" could soon be used to light up London's Science Museum as bosses consider recycling the contents of its loos.  (Sky News; July 15, 2004)
Japan facility powers homes and melts snow with kitchen garbage -  SUNAGAWA, Hokkaido (Kyodo) A garbage-processing center in Japan gets the electricity it needs to operate all year round from kitchen waste, and can process 10 tons of refuse per day. The heat produced at Clean Plaza Kurukuru can also melt the snow on the city's streets during winter. (Japan Times, Sept. 10, 2004)
Reports
WasteReports.com - Independent, up-to-date reviews of novel waste processing technologies covering operational reliability, economics and environmental performance. Reviews of individual proprietary processes, Executive Briefings that consider the role for the new technology families, and Information Sheets.
Entrepreneurs
Turning Garbage into Gold - Entrepreneurs are creating companies that exploit the creative opportunities in other people's junk, sparing the environment in the process. The article looks at green entrepreneurship in general and profiles some specific companies, whose products range from recycled printer cartridges to rubber sidewalks. (Business Week; August 17, 2006) (See Slashdot discussion)
EntropicEnergy.com - Canadian company (not to be confused with Detroit company by same name) has a patent pending technology that can economically convert waste heat into electricity on a small scale (50 kW to 2 MW).
Government & Politics
Canada joins EPA program - Canada has become the 16th nation to join the U.S. EPA's Methane to Markets Partnership, an international initiative designed to promote the recovery and use of methane, prevent greenhouse gas emissions, and provide sources of clean energy to communities, businesses and industry. (PhysOrg; July 14, 2005)
Patents
Honda patents exhaust-heat-to-energy process - Honda has received a patent on an exhaust heat exchanger that harnesses the heat energy from the exhaust through a thermal exchange, which can then be converted into electrical energy through a thermal electric process or to drive a turbine/generator. (PESWiki; Aug. 21, 2006)
Financing
Funding / Waste to Energy >
WPP Energy Corp presents 4-1200 MW waste to energy power plants with 100% financing - "We provide a complete turnkey solutions of waste to energy power plants projects from 4-1,200 MW around the world. 100% financing to governments and private sectors against LOI & BCL." (WPPEnergy; Sept. 2010)
Simpson
On April 4, 2008, the following notice was received:
I represent investment bankers who are interested in financing waste-to-energy projects, primarily focusing on power generation. If you have clients or potential customers in need of financing to close sales, please contact Mike Simpson at:
Michael A. Simpson
