Browse more on » Utilities , Other news
Dryer unit installed at Waste Processing Plant
India's first ever municipal garbage processing plant is setting newer standards in municipal waste management
Tweet
Chandigarh, UT, September 13, 2008 / India PRwire / -- Jaiprakash Associates Ltd which has installed the country’s first-of-its-kind municipal solid waste (MSW) processing plant at Dadu Majra have installed a hot-air dryer system to make it into an all-weather facility for round-the-year processing.
Mr. Rajiv Gaur, President of Jaiprakash Associates Limited, in a statement issued here informed that this unique facility in the country is already processing over 100 tons of garbage every day, which is gradually being increased and would be processing nearly 150-200 tons per day by Oct-Nov, and shall be running to full capacity by December 08/January09.
This is one of the most technologically advanced state-of-the-art RDF plant in India and one of its own kind, using world class equipment for implementing the proven technology of Technology Information Forecasting and Assessment Council (TIFAC) an autonomous body under the aegis of the Department of Science & Technology, Government of India.
Mr. Rajiv Gaur said that the Group has invested Rs.30 crores on the project and further investment continues to make it a model plant in the country.
The project was completed within the record time and commissioned on 21st May 2008 by His Excellency General (retd) S.F. Rodrigues, Governor of Panjab and Administrator UT, Chandigarh, and the only bottleneck had been the excessive moisture in garbage owing to unprecedented early monsoons.
To make it all-weather proof, a customised hot-air dryer system has been installed at a cost of over Rs.1 crore, and the plant would be running at full capacity in another few months time, having already started processing more than 100 tons a day.
All critical equipment i.e. primary shredder, secondary shredder, and ballistic separator have been imported from world renowned M/s Dopastadt Calbe Gmbh, Germany, and has been commissioned successfully in the presence of German engineers.
In order to contain the unavoidable smell from the garbage, a green belt is being raised along the periphery of the plant, besides arrangements have been made to spray culture on the garbage to eliminate menace of foul smell, insects, flies, stray animals and vultures etc.
The project has resulted in reduction in Green House gases which are responsible for global warming notwithstanding the alternate fuel that industry can use and conserve fossil fuels.
MSW plant is a joint venture between Jaypee Group company, Jaiprakash Associates Ltd., and Chandigarh Municipal Corporation.
Notes to Editor
Jaypee Associates Limited is a Rs.4500 crore company that has set up in Chandigarh, the north India's first municipal waste processing plant at a cost of Rs.30 crore, in association with the Municipal Corporation Chandigarh.
Tools
