Watch our Recycling Processing Video
EDCO is a Family Owned & Locally Operated waste collection and recycling company, serving numerous communities in Southern California since 1967. The EDCO family of companies specialize in offering integrated, user-friendly waste removal and recycling programs to serve residential homes, multi-family properties, commercial businesses, multi-tenant buildings, industrial centers, construction sites, and community events.
EDCO will Observe the Fourth of July Holiday
In observance of the upcoming Fourth of July Holiday on Wednesday, July 4, 2012, EDCO will not be performing residential collection services (except in Lakewood, no delays) and customer service offices will be closed. As a result, there will be a one-day delay the remainder of the week for residential customers serviced on Wednesday July 4th, Thursday July 5th and Friday July 6th.
Waste and recycling collection services for commercial businesses will be unaffected by the holiday (except in Buena Park, La Palma and La Mirada, commercial delayed) and will be provided on the regularly scheduled service day. EDCO’s recycling centers and public disposal sites will remain open.
EDCO Receives Beautification Award
On Tuesday, June 12, 2012, the City of Signal Hill presented EDCO with a Beautification Award for the development of EDCO Recycling & Transfer, the newest solid waste facility in the State of California. The facility was developed at the location of a former oilfield and has significant architectural features.
EDCO Named 2012 Bill Uhland Ethics Award Recipient
On May 24, 2012 EDCO received the 2012 Bill Uhland Ethics Award from the San Marcos Rotary Club.  The award is named for former club President & founder Bill Uhland to honor those demonstrating outstanding commitment to integrity & ethics.
EDCO Awarded the 2012 Economic Development Excellence Award
The San Marcos Economic Development Corporation (SMEDC) named EDCO the 2012 Economic Development Excellence Award for Public Service on May 16, 2012 at the SMEDC's Annual City Update meeting. Through this award the SMEDC honors outstanding efforts and achievements of individuals, groups, businesses, non-profits, public/private collaborations, educational partnerships, and others who have contributed to the economic development and redevelopment successes that continue to improve the City of San Marcos.
EDCO Presented with the Partnership Award from San Diego Earthworks
At a May 16, 2012 reception held at the City of San Diego Environmental Services Department, San Diego EarthWorks recognized EDCO with a Partnership Award for EarthFair efforts. San Diego EarthWorks' annual EarthFair in Balboa Park is the largest free environmental fair and Earth Day celebration in the world. Each year, EarthWorks recognizes businesses, clubs, organizations and/or individuals that deserve special recognition for their work on behalf of a clean, healthy environment.
EDCO is Recognized by the California Park and Recreation Society
On April 12, 2012, EDCO was  recognized and presented with the Volunteer Merit Award by the California Park & Recreations Services (CPRS) District 10. At the Awards Banquet, CPRS honored outstanding individuals and organizations for their professional and volunteer contributions to the fields of parks, recreation and human services.
California's Waste Reduction Awards Program (WRAP)
For a fifteenth consecutive year, EDCO was recognized by the State of California’s Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery (CalRecycle) through the Waste Reduction Awards Program (WRAP) for its continued efforts to reduce waste and increase recycling. Click here for more info.
Recycle Your Polystyrene (Foam) at EDCO!
We all receive foam packaging throughout the year and the question is what should we do with it? Well EDCO now offers the right solution, Recycle It.  Recycled foam can be made into many different products which includes but is not limited to:
picture frames, crown molding, base board, garden pots, and auto accessories. By working together we can make a difference!
EDCO recently introduced a new foam recycling program.  Customers can now drop off their foam packaging for free at any of our buyback centers .
EDCO Now Recycles Cooking Oil!
Don’t pour it down the drain, in the yard, or in your trash.  Bring it to one of EDCO’s Buyback Centers and we’ll make sure it is reused. EDCO has established a Fats, Oils, and Grease, (FOG) collection program.  With your help working together we can keep fats, oils, and grease (FOG) out of the drain and the ground and establish a reuse for it.  It’s a free service and you’ll feel a whole lot greener.  EDCO will ship the collected FOG to a refining facility where it will be processed into biodiesel. Note: Please don’t mix this product with any other oils such as motor oil or gear oil.
Simply collected your used discarded FOG in a leak proof container and when the container is full drop it off at any of our 5 buyback centers .
Free E-Waste Drop Off Locations
EDCO is excited to announce that residents now have a convenient place to drop off electronic waste free of charge. Proper disposal of electronic waste (e-waste) is becoming a major environmental concern. Computer monitors, hard drives/CPUs, scanners, keyboards, televisions, VCRs, radios, printers, fax machines, etc., all contain significant levels of lead that should not be put into the regular trash stream. You can drop off your e-waste free of charge at an EDCO Facility near you. (during operating hours only) – click here for locations .
Items Accepted Include:
