Share Email Print
Jef Rietsma | Special to Hometown GazetteEric Shafer, district manager of the Three Rivers Waste Management site, explains how a several-layer cover is put down and sealed over a 270,000-square-foot cell. A cell is the site where garbage is dumped.
THREE RIVERS -- Waste collection has evolved into a scientific, high-tech procedure that involves expensive liners, methodic practices and an ingenious process that turns rotting trash into usable natural gas.
An invitation-only open house on June 27 allowed Waste Management officials at the Three Rivers plant to explain the trash-collection process and show off preparations related to the opening of a new cell later this year.
Development of a new cell takes almost a year, involves extensive grading, requires a foundation of liners several layers thick, and must meet strict standards for compliance with federal operational and environmental laws, according to information at the tour.
Jef Rietsma | Special to Hometown GazetteWells at the Waste Management site in Three Rivers collects landfill gas and turn it into pipeline-quality methane. Detroit Energy pulls 2.4 million cubic feet of landfill gas a day - enough to meet the gas needs of 3,800 houses. Steve Berlinski, plant manager of West Side Gas Producers, explained the conversion process during a June 27 tour of the landfill and gas-conversion plant.
At the current rate of collection, the new cell will take almost four years to fill, said Eric Shafer, district manager of the Three Rivers site. He emphasized that the life of a landfill increases dramatically if recyclable materials are separated from garbage.
"We collect between 1,500 and 2,000 tons of garbage a day, and 30 to 50 percent of that is paper (products)," he said. "Based on today's volumes of waste, we have the capacity to collect garbage here for 88 more years; that number increases, though, the more people decide to recycle."
Standing at the bottom of the 270,000-square-foot, rectangular landfill cell, Shafer showed how the seams of the plastic cover, which rests atop the multiple layers of liner, are sealed together by a device that heats the material to 800 degrees.
The plastic strips are laid in panels 25 feet wide and 500 feet long. Once the strips are joined at their edges, workers perform a detailed inspection and conduct a battery of tests to ensure there are no open pockets.
The effort, Shafer said, provides assurance that water cannot leak below the top cover and potentially into the soil. Still, if by chance water manages to work its way under the plastic cover, one of the multiple layers is a high-density polyethylene liner that is impermeable to liquids and strong enough to withstand the acid from a car battery, he said.
Shafer said the entire liner system costs about $2.9 million.
Cells are graded at a slight angle so that rain is channeled and discharged into a pipeline that ultimately ends up in the Three Rivers municipal wastewater treatment system.
Shafer said the company monitors cells for 30 years after they are capped.
Jef Rietsma | Special to Hometown GazetteOne of dozens of gas wells at the Waste Management site in Three Rivers collects landfill gas and turns it into pipeline-quality methane. Detroit Energy, which has a conversion plant on site, pulls 2.4 million cubic feet of landfill gas a day - enough to meet the gas needs of 3,800 houses.
Energy from trash
Waste Management entered into a partnership with DTE Energy, which has an $8 million processing plant on site and converts the landfill gas it pulls from capped sites into usable methane, Shafer said.
Shafer said the 2.4 million cubic feet of landfill gas it pulls daily creates enough natural gas to meet the needs of 3,800 houses.
"They have 110 gas wells that are like a straw, they're punctured into the ground and pulling out that gas," he said, noting the method requires the company to separate the methane from carbon dioxide that comes out of a capped cell. "Consumers Power has a 24-inch pipeline running from Chicago to Detroit, and, conveniently, it passes about 800 feet from here."
The DTE Energy pipe feeds the converted gas into the Consumers Power pipeline. Shafer said before DTE Energy began collecting the landfill gas, it was burned off. DTE Energy pays Waste Management $6,000 a month for rights to the landfill gas, he said.
Waste Management in Three Rivers
Where: Bordered by M-60 at the south end and covers 659 acres, including the county-operated, 159-acre Meyer Broadway Park.
Capacity: The site collects 1,500-2,000 tons of garbage per day. A new 270,000-square-foot landfill cell will be opened this year.
Methane: DTE Energy has a facility at the landfill that harvests 2.4 million cubic feet of landfill gas daily and converts it to meet the needs of 3,800 houses.
Employees: Nine full-time workers.
Where trash comes from: The site collects more than 95 percent of its household refuse from a six-county area in Southwest Michigan.
Local benefit: Its tipping fees generate $350,000 a year for St. Joseph County and $400,000 annually for Fabius Township.
Who knew? The highest point in St. Joseph County is a capped landfill cell at the north end of the property.
Sponsored Links
