Paper Shredders
Shred and destroy paper, brittle plastics, cardboard, magazines, newspaper, computer disks, video ta ...
Contact Us Northern California Compactors offers equipment, service, technical support and information about waste and recycling equipment including compactors, balers, shredders and conveyors for industrial & commercial clients throughout the world.  For more information, please contact us at 800-464-3095.
Welcome to Northern California Compactors
Since 1981, Northern California Compactors, Inc. has been providing all types of businesses with compactors, balers, shredders and conveyors in an effort to reduce their monthly garbage bills and generate the highest rates of recycling revenue.
Northern California Compactors, Inc. has installed over 5,000 Compactors, Balers, Shredders and Conveyor Systems all over the world. Many customers consider us their single source in this industry because of our nationwide network of technicians. We offer sales, service, leasing and rental programs for waste and green recycling equipment nationwide.
We offer an unmatched selection of waste and green recycling equipment products including the following:
BALERS : Balers in vertical sizes from 28″-72″, Horizontal Balers, Automatic Tie Balers, and Two-Ram Balers up to 200hp.
COMPACTORS : Stationary Compactors from 1/3 cubic yard -10 yard charge boxes and Self Contained Compactors 10-39 yards.
CONTAINERS : Open top containers and roll off receivers from 6.5 – 50 cubic yards, front and rear load from 1 – 8 yards, tow carts from 1 – 4 yards.
SHREDDERS : Paper shredders , wood, cardboard, tire shredders , plastic shredders , carpet, and tailings shedders; Low to High Volume.
CONVEYORS : Above ground conveyors, pit, incline, sort lines, and complete MRF layouts.
GLASS CRUSHERS : Small units that process single 12 oz. bottles up to units that can crush glass at up to 20 tons per hour.
CAN CR USHERS : Small can crushers that process single 12 oz. cans up to can crushers that can process up to 5,000 lbs. an hour.
PERFORATORS : Process up to 3,000 lbs. an hour.
FOAM DENSIFIER : Compress loose polyethylene (PE), polypropylene (PP), or polystyrene (PS or Styrofoam) up to 28 lbs. per cubic foot.
FOOD WASTE COMPOSTER : Uses no chemicals, enzymes, additives or water and dehydrates food waste turning it into potable water and sterile biomass.
BALING WIRE : All lengths and gauges.
PARTS: In addition to Marathon replacement parts, we also carry a wide selection of other manufacturers.
CONTAINER COMPONENTS: Plastic lids, casters, caster plates, and hinges.
TURN KEY INSTALLATIONS: Concrete pads, electrical, forklift & rigging equipment, start up instructions.
SERVICE AND REPAIR: 24 hour service programs with maintenance contracts available.
From the Blog
