19 April, 2009
Garbage Collection in .NET - How it really works
Garbage collection is a process of releasing the memory used by the objects,  which are no longer referenced. This is done in  different ways and different  manners in various platforms and languages. We will see how garbage collection  is being done in .NET.
Garbage Collection basis
Almost every program uses resources such as  database connection, file system objects etc. In order to make use of these  things some resources should be available to us.
First we allocate a block of memory in the  managed memory by using the new keyword.
Use the constructor of the class to set the  initial state of the object.
Use the resources by accessing the type's members
At last CLEAR  THE MEMORY
But how many times have programmers forgotten to  release the memory. Or how many times the programmers try to access the memory  which was cleaned.
These two are the serious bugs, which will lead us to memory leak and commonly  occurring. In order to overcome these things the concept of automatic memory  management has come. Automatic memory management or Automatic garbage collection  is a process by which the system will automatically take care of the memory used  by unwanted objects (we call them as garbage) to be released. Hurrah... Thanks  to Microsoft's Automatic Garbage collection mechanism.
Automatic Garbage Collection in  .NET
When Microsoft planned to go for a new generation platform called .NET with  the new generation language called C#, their first intention is to make a  language which is developer friendly to learn and use it with having rich set of  APIs to support end users as well. So they put a great thought in Garbage  Collection and come out with this model of automatic garbage collection in  .NET.
They implemented garbage collector as a separate thread. This thread will be  running always at the back end. Some of us may think, running a separate thread  will make extra overhead. Yes. It is right. That is why the garbage collector  thread is given the lowest priority. But when system finds there is no space in  the managed heap (managed heap is nothing but a bunch of memory allocated for  the program at run time), then garbage collector thread will be given REALTIME priority (REALTIME priority is the highest priority in Windows) and collect all  the un wanted objects.
How does Garbage collector locate garbage
When an program is loaded in the memory there will be a bunch of memory  allocated for that particular program alone and loaded with the memory. This  bunch of memory is called Managed Heap in .NET world. This amount of memory  will only be used when an object is to be loaded in to the memory for that  particular program.
This memory is separated in to three parts :
Generation Zero
Generation One
Generation Two
Ideally Generation zero will be in smaller size, Generation one will be in  medium size and Generation two will be larger.
When we try to create an object by using NEW keyword the system will,
Calculate the number of bytes required for  the object or type to be loaded in to the managed heap.
The CLR then checks that the bytes required  to allocate the object are available in the reserved region (committing storage  if necessary). IF the object fits, it is allocated at the address pointed to by NextObjPtr.
These processes will happen at the Generation zero level.
When Generation Zero is full and it does not have enough space to occupy  other objects but still the program wants to allocate some more memory for some  other objects, then the garbage collector will be given the REALTIME priority  and will come in to picture.
Now the garbage collector will come and check all the objects in the Generation  Zero level.              If an object's scope and lifetime goes off then the system will automatically  mark it for garbage collection.
Note:
Here in the process the object is just marked and not collected. Garbage  collector will only collect the object and free the  memory.
Garbage collector will come and start examining all the objects in the level  Generation Zero right from the beginning. If it finds any object marked for  garbage collection, it will simply remove those objects from the  memory.
Here comes the important part. Now let us refer the figure below.  There are three objects in the managed heap. If A and C are not marked but B has  lost it scope and lifetime. So B should be marked for garbage collection. So  object B will be collected and the managed heap will look like this.
But do remember that the system will come and  allocate the new objects only at the last. It does not see in between. So it is  the job of garbage collector to compact the memory structure after collecting  the objects. It does that also. So the memory would be looking like as shown  below now.
But garbage collector does not come to end after  doing this. It will look which are all the objects survive after the sweep  (collection). Those objects will be moved to Generation One and now the  Generation Zero is empty for filling new objects.
If Generation One does not have space for objects  from Generation Zero, then the process happened in Generation Zero will happen  in Generation one as well. This is the same case with Generation Two also.
You may have a doubt, all the generations are  filled with the referred objects and still system or our program wants to  allocate some objects, then what will happen? If so, then the MemoryOutofRangeException will be thrown.
Dispose
Instead of declaring a Finalizer, exposing a Dispose method is considered as good.
public void Dispose()
// all clean up source code here..
GC.SuppressFinalize(this);
}
If we clean up a object, using Dispose or Close method, we should indicate to the runtime that the object is no longer needed finalization, by calling GC.SuppressFinalize() as shown above.
If we are creating and using objects that have Dispose or Close methods, we should call these methods when we’ve finished using these objects. It is advisable to place these calls in a finally clause, which guarantees that the objects are properly handled even if an exception is thrown.
