Community Support Won For Innovative Garbage Processing Plant
Challenge
Disposal  of municipal solid waste is a serious social, economic and environmental  problem, especially in major cities that are running out of places to bury  their garbage.
Two  Chicago suburban communities, Summit and McCook, decided on a solution for  disposal of waste for as many as 40 suburbs, combining recycling, composting  and energy generation. It would be the first fully integrated waste processing  facility in the nation.
Despite  its many benefits, the proposed facility was certain to meet opposition from:  residents who might not want garbage coming to their community from other  suburbs, neighbors fearing odors from decaying compost, activists who oppose  incineration even when coupled with energy recovery, advocates of waste  reduction who believe that any advance in waste processing undermines their  goals, and individuals who distrust government’s ability to regulate waste  processing facilities, among others.
Action
Objective:  The objective of the community relations  program was to build strong citizen support for the waste processing facility,  culminating in a favorable vote by both village boards.
Research:  To effectively communicate with the citizens  of Summit, McCook and neighboring communities, it was essential to know and  understand local attitudes about municipal solid wastes, landfills, recycling,  composting, incineration and energy recovery.
Community  awareness and attitudes were learned through a public opinion survey. The  survey showed that residents preferred to solve their garbage problem within  the community, rather than shipping it to distant landfills. The survey also  revealed potential support for a waste processing facility that would integrate  recycling, composting and energy generation.
Strategy:  The community relations program strategy was  to (1) develop trust in the developer of the project, (2) anticipate public  issues and problems, (3) create win-win situations for those affected by the  project, (4) build coalitions with key community groups, (5) defuse potential  controversies before they erupted, and (6) communicate aggressively.
Communications were highly focused. Wherever possible,  one-on-one visits were preferred to group meetings. Telephone calls were  preferred to mail. Direct mail was preferred to news releases. The targeted  communications helped avoid attracting the attention of agitators from outside  the community.
Execution:  Among the many components of the  communications program were: creation of a name and logo for the facility,  spokesperson training, media relations, direct mail to residents, a citizens’ fact-finding committee, speaker presentations for business and civic  organizations, a video entitled “Using Our Hidden Resources,” a community  information fair and a telephone “hot line” for residents to call with  questions.
Results
Results:  The village boards of Summit and McCook voted  unanimous approval of the siting application. Efforts by outsiders to stir  opposition to the project collided with a wall of community support.
Recognition:  Silver Anvil, Public Relations Society of  America; Golden and Silver Trumpets, Publicity Club of Chicago.
This site and its contents © Public Communications Inc.
All rights reserved. Send comments to ideas@pcipr.com .
