Additional Shady Grove Processing Facility and Transfer Station information
Residential trash loads must be under 500 pounds.
All Shady Grove Processing Facility and Transfer Station users must separate recyclables and trash, and deliver them to the appropriate sections of the facility.  We cannot accept recyclables and trash mixed together.  Details: Executive Regulation 18-04
Hours of operation - Car Entrance (Frederick Road)
Monday - Friday: 7:00 am - 8:00 pm
Saturday: 7:00 am - 5:00 pm
Sunday: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Enter from Route 355.
Be prepared to provide proof of Montgomery County residency .  This is required, and we may ask for at any time.
Use this entrance only for small vehicles with loads less  than 500 pounds.
If your vehicle's load appears to be over 500 pounds:
You may be asked to weigh the load at  the scales during normal scale house operations (Monday - Saturday, 7:00 am to 5:00 pm) at the discretion of the County's representative.
If you are at the Shady Grove Processing Facility and Transfer Station on a Sunday when the scales are closed, you will be asked to return on Monday.
All loads are subject to inspection
Hours of operation - Truck Entrance (Shady Grove Road)
Monday - Saturday: 7:00 am - 5:00 pm
Closed on Sundays.
Use this entrance with  all commercial, rental, or landscapers' vehicles; pickup trucks; or  any vehicle with loads of 500 pounds or more.
Be prepared to provide proof of Montgomery  County residency or evidence that waste was generated in  Montgomery County. This is required, and we may ask for it at any time.
Tip: Avoid our peak hours
To reduce your waiting time at the our facility, we recommend avoiding days after holidays and the middle of the day. Our slower periods tend to be 8 to 10 a.m. and 3 to 5 p.m., plus evenings for the resident drop-off area.
May I take materials from the Shady Grove Processing Facility and Transfer Station?
Sorry, you may not take materials from the Shady Grove Processing Facility and Transfer Station.
From the Code of Maryland Regulations 26.04.07.03: "Scavenging or salvaging may not be conducted at any system of refuse disposal for public use..."
This facility accepts these materials:
  
