the Wider Caribbean      Region and
Antarctic Area
These are areas    which have particular problems because of heavy maritime traffic or low water    exchange caused by the land-locked nature of the sea concerned.
Although the Annex    was optional, the Annex did receive sufficient number of ratifications to enter    into force on 31 December 1988. Provisions to extend port State control to cover    operational requirements as regards prevention of marine pollution were adopted    as a new regulation 8 to the Annex in 1994 (entering into force on 3 March 1996).
Like similar amendments    adopted to the other MARPOL Annexes, the regulation makes it clear that port    State control officers can inspect a foreign-flagged vessel "where there are    clear grounds for believing that the master or crew are not familiar with essential    shipboard procedures relating to the prevention of pollution by garbage".
Implementation,    and enforcement, was also the focus of a further new Regulation 9, adopted in    1995, which requires all ships of 400 gross tonnage and above and every ship    certified to carry 15 persons or more, and every fixed or floating platform    engaged in exploration and exploitation of the seabed, must provide a Garbage    Record Book, to record all disposal and incineration operations.
The date, time,    position of ship, description of the garbage and the estimated amount incinerated    or discharged must be logged and signed. The books must be kept for a period    of two years after the date of the last entry. This regulation does not in itself    impose stricter requirements - but it makes it easier to check that the regulations    on garbage are being adhered to as it means ship personnel must keep track of    the garbage and what happens to it.
It may also prove    an advantage to a ship when local officials are checking the origin of dumped    garbage - if ship personnel can adequately account for all their garbage, they    are unlikely to be wrongly penalised for dumping garbage when they have not    done so.
Regulation 9 came    into force for new ships from 1 July 1997 and from 1 July 1998 all applicable    ships built before 1 July 1997 also have to comply: all ships of 400 gross tonnage    and above and every ship certified to carry 15 persons or more, and every fixed    or floating platform engaged in exploration and exploitation of the seabed.
The Regulation    also requires every ship of 12 metres or more in length to display placards    notifying passengers and crew of the disposal requirements of the regulation;    the placards should be in the official language of the ship's flag State and    also in English or French for ships travelling to other States' ports or offshore    terminals.
Despite the entry    into force of Annex V in 1988, even recent surveys carried out in the United    States each year have produced up to 10 tons of garbage per mile of coastline,    a record that can probably be matched in may other parts of the world. Plastic    forms the biggest single item found.
Persuading people    not to use the oceans as a rubbish tip is a matter of education - the old idea    that the sea can cope with anything still prevails to some extent but it also    involves much more vigorous enforcement of regulations such as Annex V.
Garbage Management    Plans
All ships of 400    gross tonnage and above and every ship certified to carry 15 persons or more    will have to carry a Garbage Management Plan, to include written procedures    for collecting , storing, processing and disposing of garbage, including the    use of equipment on board. The Garbage Management Plan should designate the    person responsible for carrying out the plan and should be in the working language    of the crew.
The regulation    is important because it requires ship operators to track their garbage and take    notice of what happens to it.
In accordance with    regulation 9 of Annex V, all ships of 400 gross tonnage and above and every    ship certified to carry 15 persons or more, and every fixed or floating platform    engaged in exploration and exploitation of the seabed, must provide a Garbage    Record Book, to record all disposal and incineration operations. The date, time,    position of ship, description of the garbage and the estimated amount incinerated    or discharged must be logged and signed. The books must be kept for a period    of two years after the date of the last entry.
Administrations    may exempt fixed or floating platform while engaged in exploration and exploitation    of the seabed from providing a Garbage Record Book.
Regulation 9 of    Annex V of MARPOL 73/78 came into force for new ships from 1 July 1997 but from    1 July 1998 all applicable ships built before 1 July 1997 also have to comply.
Every ship of 12    metres or more in length must also display placards notifying passengers and    crew of the disposal requirements of the regulation; the placards should be    in the official language of the ship's flag State and also in English or French    for ships travelling to other States' ports or offshore terminals.
MEPC/Circ.317 gives Guidelines for the development of garbage management plans and an Appendix    to Annex V of MARPOL gives a standard form for a Garbage Record Book.
Shipboard incinerators
The Marine Environment    Protection Committee 40th Session 18?25 September 1997 adopted a Standard Specification    for Shipboard Incinerators. The specification covers the design, manufacture,    performance, operation and testing of incinerators designed to incinerate garbage    and other shipboard waste.
Review    of Annex V
The Marine    Environment Protection Committee (MEPC) at its 55th session in October 2006 established    an intersessional correspondence group to develop the framework, method of work    and timetable for a comprehensive review of MARPOL Annex V Regulations for    the prevention of pollution by garbage from ships and the associated Revised    Guidelines for the implementation of MARPOL Annex V. The review will take    into account resolution 60/30 of the UN General Assembly, which invited IMO    to review MARPOL Annex V, in consultation with relevant organizations and bodies,    and to assess its effectiveness in addressing sea-based sources of marine debris.
 
