Types of material that can be processed by a trash compactor
Refuse can be wet or dry, bulky or non-bulky, and compactable or non-compactable.
Wet Refuse - Examples: food waste, dairy waste, produce and meat waste, plant waste, household garbage, etc.
Dry Refuse - Examples: paper, corrugated boxes, etc.
Bulky Refuse - Examples: wooden crates, pallets, drums, "white goods" (appliances, metal cabinets), furniture, etc.
Non-Compactable Refuse - Examples: stacked newspapers/magazines, bundled computer paper, phone books, bricks, metal castings, etc.
The type of refuse will determine the type of compactor that is best suited to compact and contain the refuse. The type of refuse also determines payload (total tonnage) in a Receiver Bin.
Refuse with a high moisture content will weigh more than dry waste. A full 40 cubic yard compaction Bin from a produce market might weigh over 20,000 lbs., whereas the same size container with only compacted paper will weigh much less. All of these factors should be considered when determining which compactor is best for you.
 
Questions you should ask before buying a trash compactor
What is the average volume of waste generated - How much material is being processed per day?
What is the size of the largest item in the waste stream? - What are the dimensions of the largest box, bag, or object that will be processed?
What is the type of waste being processed - Is it dry, wet, bulky, non-compactable or a combination.
Where will the compactor be located? - Is there enough space for the compactor and the collection haulers truck? Is the location convenient for the users?
Is there a suitable power source nearby? - What is the powers voltage? Three Phase or Single Phase? What is the distance to the power source? What gauge of wire is to be used?
Is the compactor big enough to handle loads at peak times? - Can the compactor handle the volume of refuse generated during peak loading times?
Is the compactor easy to use? - Is the compactor conveniently located? What is the loading height? Is it easy to feed? Does it save labor?
Is the compactor compatible with the your haulers equipment? - Can the hauler pick up the Receiver Bin/Self-Contained compactor?
How will the compactor be installed? - Will a through-the-wall chute, doghouse or dock-fed hopper be used? Is the compactor adaptable to these types of installations?
Is the compactor safe to use? - Does the installation comply with OSHA and ANSI standards?
 
Why should I use a Sani-Tech Auger Compactor?
Material Processing - Sani-Tech Auger Compactors are, in reality, pre-crushers and compactors combined. The pre-crushing characteristic is beneficial when product destruction is desired. The material is broken down from its original state and processed into a receiver bin. The auger crushes almost everything it's fed, breaking it down into small, uniform sizes. This allows the user to process pallets, display racks and other oversized items, which eliminates the need to bring these items to a transfer station or landfill.
 
No Mess - When the compactor and receiver bin are attached the unit is 100% sealed. Access to the compacted material is denied because the auger continuously processes material out of the auger chamber into the receiver bin. Upon separation, spillage is minimized by virtue of the relatively small, round opening in the receiver bin. This compares very favorably to the much larger, rectangular opening of hydraulic compactors.
Clean, Safe Operation - The all-electric drive system runs clean and quiet eliminating many of the headaches associated with hydraulic systems. The Machine Operator, the Public and the Environment are protected from hazardous hydraulic fluid leaks and spills. The all-electric drive system is sealed to allow the compactor to run at its peak efficiency regardless of ambient temperature.
 
Small Footprint - The Sani-Tech Auger Compactor has a smaller footprint, compared to hydraulic units. This allows them to be installed in smaller spaces and/or use larger receiver bins. The smaller footprint also allows for reduced installation costs.
 
Reliable and Easy to Maintain - The simple design of the Sani-Tech Auger Compactor combines heavy-duty construction with few moving parts, making it a very reliable and trouble free machine. The only maintenance needed is the periodic lubrication of the auger bearings, which is done with an electrical lubrication system. The electric drive motor is sealed and maintenance free.
 
Increased Compaction - The auger pre-crushes waste and recyclable material before it is processed into a receiver bin. This creates some of the highest compaction ratios possible, resulting in fewer pick-ups and greater savings compared to hydraulic compactors.
 
Safe to Use - One of the problems associated with conventional hydraulic compactors is jamming. Due to the amount of space needed to accommodate the "throw" of the ram, hydraulic compactors must be positioned further away from building walls thereby requiring the use of longer, more elaborate trash chutes. When the receiver bin starts to fill, compacted material "springs" back into the charging chamber after the ram returns to its start position. The "spring" back of material into the charging chamber can force "new" material to build up in elaborate trash chutes and cause jams. When a jam occurs someone must crawl into the chute and remove the waste or recyclable material that is causing the problem. This creates a very hazardous safety issue.
The design of the Sani-Tech Auger Compactor is such that jamming is not an issue. The smaller footprint of the compactor coupled with the augers chamber design allows the Sani-Tech Auger Compactor to be installed closer to building walls. This allows a trash chute to virtually drop from the through-the-wall opening onto the auger chamber thereby eliminating jamming and the necessity of building elaborate trash chutes. The auger prevents material from "springing" back into the auger chamber because it penetrates into the receiver bin and continuously runs in a forward direction creating a constant positive pressure against the waste or recyclable material.
Minimal Labor Costs - The auger runs in a forward direction while processing, allowing for continuous feeding. This feature allows the Sani-Tech Auger Compactor to compact up to five times faster than a conventional ram style hydraulic compactors. This feature also insures that the operator does not have to wait for material in the auger chamber to be processed before adding additional material. The operator simply throws material into the hopper, closes the door and turns the unit on. The compactor crushes and processes the material into a receiver bin without any waiting time and is immediately ready for more.
