
Ship generated garbage & garbage management plan - Collecting, processing & storing
Ships operation- standard practice in regards to the collection, storage, processing and disposal of ship generated garbage
How to collect & separate ships garbage ?
Collection and separation are to be carried out according to the procedures laid down in this Garbage Management Plan.  Garbage collection points (receptacles) are to be established in the following areas galley, pantry,smoke rooms,all cabins,hospital,bridge,laundry,ships office,ECR,E/R workshop , near incinerator,purifier room,generator,paint room, etc.
Receptacles are to be made of steel or other non-combustible material only. Each receptacle must have a metallic lid . They are to be color coded ( as in table above) and marked for their content. The size of the receptacles should reflect the volume  and type of waste generated in their vicinity.
The collected garbage must be taken from their collection points for further processing, using hand, to either (1) the central storage point or (2) near incinerator (only oily stuff). Note that plastic garbage bags are only to be used to store plastic garbage and nothing else.  Each department will nominate a person who will be responsible for checking the receptacles and transporting the garbage to the central reception area.
Receptacles in each area are to be checked / emptied every alternate day except food waste, which should be every day.
The Chief Officer is to ensure that personnel are familiar with the location and nature of the receptacles around the vessel. The officers and crew are to be trained and disciplined to recognize the importance of using the appropriate receptacle when initially disposing off the garbage to avoid creating work which would be required by further sorting at a later stage.
Planning of garbage disposal is important. In a situation where the vessel operates for long periods in restricted areas, with limited capacity to store garbage, planning ahead can prevent the accumulation of garbage that is unhygienic or a fire hazard.
PROCEDURES FOR PROCESSING GARBAGE
Garbage will be processed under the responsibility of the Chief Officer who is to ensure that the waste is segregated into the following categories:-
a) Food waste
b) Plastics ( including plastics mixed with non-plastic garbage e.g., Tetrapak)
c) Cans , metal and glass
d) Paper/cloth ( excluding packing material/dunnage )
e) Oily Rags / Oily sludge ( to be finally brought near incinerator) and incinerator ash
f) Hazardous waste , for example pyrotechnics, batteries, lamps, medical waste , paint and chemical drums etc
g) Maintenance waste ( e.g., soot, deck sweeping , scraped paint etc)
The processing devices available on board the ships are :-
1. Comminuter
2. Compactor
3. Incinerator
The comminuter is to be operated by the ships Cook and not to be used in port or less than 3 miles from coast (12 miles in Special Areas)
The Compactor is to be operated by the messman and is to be used to reduce the volume of waste (and thus disposal costs)
The incinerator is to be operated by the persons designated and trained in its use by the First Assistant Engineer. It shall not be used in port and closer to 3 miles from shore. Only oily waste / sludge is to be incinerated and maybe some non-plastic packaging material.
Waste which can be legally discharged into the sea is included in the summary of at-sea garbage disposal which is to be adhered to. In case of any doubt, the vessel must contact the Company for disposal advice.
PROCEDURES FOR STORING GARBAGE
The Chief Officer, in compliance with the garbage management policy requires the segregation of garbage with a view to the following:
a) Immediate disposal , in accordance with MARPOL
b) Retention, until the ship has cleared a restricted area
c) Incineration
e) Special attention ,i.e., batteries, chemicals, medical waste etc.
g) Recycling
i) Long term storage
The Chief Officer should ensure that all waste is stored in a safe and hygienic manner. Food waste and associated garbage which may decompose during storage should be sealed in airtight bags (but biodegradable  unless being landed)
Disinfection and pest control, both preventive and remedial , should be carried out regularly in garbage storage areas.
It is of vital importance that all garbage is stored in covered, leak proof containers for the sake of hygiene, safety and to avoid penalty in port.
Related Information
