Jun 30, 2010 | By Amanda Davis
Photo Credit a blue recycle symbol image by wayne ruston from  Fotolia.com
According to an article published in "Waste Age" magazine, Americans throw away 1.3 pounds of food every day, or 474.5 pounds per year.  Kitchen trash constitutes the majority of household garbage.  Recycling and composting can significantly reduce the amount of garbage in landfills and cut down on the amount of waste that comes from American households.
Kitchen Trash
Kitchen trash is possibly the most abundant, and disgusting, form of garbage. There is more garbage generated from the kitchen than from any other room in the household. A variety of materials and substances can be found in kitchen trash. Plastic milk jugs, Styrofoam egg cartons, aluminum cans and countless mushy food items combine to form an unmistakable mixture.
Composting
Composting is defined by HowToCompost.org as the "transformation of organic material (plant matter) through decomposition into soil-like material called compost." The website adds, "... home composting can divert an average of 700 lbs. of material per household per year from the waste stream." Composting can be done at home simply by creating an outdoor area--either open or closed--to keep your kitchen scraps. The area needs to be big enough to include yard waste, as this will help the decomposition process and minimize odors. You can either build your own container or buy a commercially made one.
Recycling
The Environmental Protection Agency defines recycling as a "process that turns materials that would otherwise become waste into valuable resources."  Collecting, sorting and processing, and manufacturing materials into new products are the three steps involved in recycling.  Regulations on recycling vary with each community; therefore, it is important to check on these regulations prior to beginning a new recycling venture. Once you have checked regulations, designate specific areas for different types of materials, such as cardboard, plastic and metal.  Recycling drop off also varies with each community and can include drop-off centers, buy-back centers, deposit/refund programs and curbside collection.
Benefits
Composting  not only reduces food waste, but it can improve garden soil when added. Mixing compost can help fertilize the soil, maintain proper pH balance, aid in erosion control and promote healthy root development for plants.
The EPA notes that recycling reduces the amount of waste products in the U.S. and ultimately reduces the need for landfills and incineration.  Manufacturing recycled products also produces less pollution than manufacturing new products. Recycling conserves natural resources, such as timber, water and minerals, which can help to sustain the environment for future generations.
Materials
You can include most organic waste from the kitchen in your compost pile, notes the EPA. However, there are some items that it does not recommend. Dairy products; fats, grease or oils; and meat and fish bones and scraps might produce odor issues and attract unwanted pests.
Easily recycled materials include paper, aluminum, copper, cardboard, metals and glass. Plastic is one of the most commonly recycled products, but there are limitations and extra attention is necessary to correctly process these materials. Plastic containers and materials have numbers on the bottom to denote the specific type of plastic used. According to Benefits-of-Recycling, types 1 and 2 are the most widely accepted forms of plastic for recycling. Type 4 is accepted in certain forms, and type 7 is rarely accepted for recycling. You can recycle other materials, such as carpet, paint and electronics, but each have individual guidelines.  A local recycling center should have these guidelines on hand.
References
