MORE INFORMATION
Garbage collection is a housekeeping process that is     designed to free space within the Active Directory database. In Windows 2000     and in the original release version of Windows Server 2003, this process runs on every domain controller in the     enterprise with a default lifetime interval of 12 hours. You can change this     interval by modifying the garbageCollPeriod attribute in the enterprise-wide DS configuration object     (NTDS).
The path of the object in the Contoso.com domain would resemble the following:
CN=Directory Service,CN=Windows NT,CN=Services,CN=Configuration,DC=CONTOSO,DC=COM
Use an Active Directory editing tool to set the garbageCollPeriod attribute. Supported tools include Adsiedit.msc, Ldp.exe, and     Active Directory Service Interfaces (ADSI) scripts.
When an object is     deleted, it is not removed from the Active Directory database. Instead, the     object is instead marked for deletion at a later date. This mark is then     replicated to other domain controllers. Therefore, the garbage collection     process starts by removing the remains of previously deleted objects from the     database. These objects are known as tombstones. Next, the garbage collection process deletes unnecessary log     files. Finally, the process starts a defragmentation thread to claim additional     free space.
In addition, there are two methods to defragment the     Active Directory database in Windows 2000 and in Windows Server 2003. One     method is an online defragmentation operation that runs as part of the garbage     collection process. The advantage of this method is that the server does not     have to be taken offline for the operation to run. However, this method does     not reduce the size of the Active Directory database file (Ntds.dit). The other     method takes the server offline and defragments the database by using the     Ntdsutil.exe utility. This approach requires that the database to start in     repair mode. The advantage of this method is that the database is resized and     unused space is removed. Therefore, and the size of the Ntds.dit file is     reduced. To use this method, the domain controller must be taken offline.
Back to the top
Changes     to tombstone lifetime  in Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1
The default tombstone lifetime (TSL) in Windows Server 2003 has     proven to be too short. For example, a prestaged domain     controller may be in transit for longer than     60 days. An administrator may not resolve a replication failure or bring an offline domain controller into     operation until the  TSL is exceeded.     Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 (SP1) increases the TSL from 60 to 180 days in the following     scenarios:
A Windows NT 4.0 domain controller is upgraded to Windows Server 2003 by using Windows Server 2003 SP1  installation media to create a new forest.
A Windows Server 2003 SP1 computer creates a new     forest.
Windows Server 2003 SP1 does not modify     the value of TSL when either of the following conditions is true:
A Windows 2000 domain is upgraded to Windows Server 2003 by using installation media for Windows Server 2003 with SP1.
Windows Server 2003 SP1 is installed on a domain controller that is running the original release version of Windows     Server 2003.
Increasing the TSL for a domain to 180 days has the     following benefits:
Backups that are used in data     recovery scenarios have a longer useful life.
System state backups that are used for     installation from media promotions have a longer useful life.
Domain controllers can be     offline longer. Prestaged computers approach TSL expiration less frequently.
A domain controller can     successfully return to the domain     after a longer time offline.
Knowledge of deleted     objects is retained longer on the originating domain controller.
