INSIGHTS
It's hard to imagine scientists having much to do with garbage. But as the solid waste crisis grows, simple garbage disposal will require some high-tech solutions.
While getting rid of garbage has always been a problem, it only recently has hit epidemic proportions. For almost 7,000 years, people disposed of solid waste by gathering it up, carting it out, and dumping or burying it in an isolated place. Crude as it was, this system worked because most of the solid waste consisted of biodegradable organic compounds that easily decomposed. In addition, the volume of trash was much lower than now because there were fewer people and less packaging waste.
Over the last 50 years new synthetic materials have been introduced into the waste stream, complicating the problem. These materials are not biodegradable and some produce toxic residue. This has led to tighter environmental controls on landfills. With open space in short supply, many communities are literally drowning in municipal solid waste .
Before a community can decide how to safely and efficiently dispose of solid waste, it needs to define exactly what solid waste is. It may sound funny, but all garbage is not created equally. Waste from industrial centers is very different from the waste generated on farms. Urban apartment garbage bears little resemblance to the household waste from suburbs.
Before composting, recycling , or waste-to-energy systems can be considered, scientists must analyze the waste stream in detail. First, investigators calculate how much of the waste from many different samples falls into basic categories, such as glass, plastics, metals, paper, and food waste. They can then predict the BTU value of the garbage, the volume of recyclable material, and how much of the waste is biodegradable.
Scientists also evaluate the effectiveness of different disposal techniques. If you add up the amount of food, yard, and paper waste generated by a typical American family, landfills appear an ideal option. After all, these materials--which are biodegradable--make up almost 70% of the garbage. Unfortunately, little oxygen or water exists inside a landfill  to help the decomposition process. Scientists have found that even after 50 years, much waste in landfills is still quite fresh. By monitoring decomposition rates and end products from other disposal techniques, they can create disposal systems that are safe, efficient, and economically viable.
CONNECTIONS
More than 60% of municipal solid waste is recyclable, yet only about 13% of it gets recycled. Why isn't more recycled?  How can we improve this situation?
Excess packaging is one reason we have so much solid waste in the United States. How can you eliminate excess packaging before it gets into your house?
BTU  (British thermal unit) energy unit that represents the amount of heat needed to increase the temperature of a pound of water 1*F.
municipal solid waste residential and commercial trash from a city or town
recycled products made from solid waste material
recycling the act of using the same materials again, though not necessarily in the same product
sanitary landfill a waste disposal system where trash is spread and covered with a layer of soil each day
source reduction the elimination of solid waste before it enters the waste stream by careful packaging and purchasing techniques
Dickson, N. (1991) Composting to reduce the waste stream. Ithaca, NY: Northeast Regional Agricultural Engineering Service.
Earth Works. (1989) Fifty simple things you can do to save the planet. Berkeley, CA: Earthworks Press.
Rathje, W. (1991, May) Once and future landfills. National Geographic, pp. 117-134.
Rathje, W, & Murphy, C. (1992) Rubbish! The archaeology of garbage. New York: Harper Collins Publishers, Inc.
3-2-1 Contact Extra videotape: The Rotten Truth. GPN: (800) 228-4630.
Additional sources of information
The Arizona Garbage Project Department of Anthropology University of Arizona Tucson, AZ  85721 (602) 621-6290
Environmental Protection Agency Office of Solid Waste 400 M St. SW Washington, DC   20460 (EPA booklet 530-K-92-003: The consumer's handbook for reducing solid waste. Booklet 530-SW-90-005: Let's reduce and recycle)
Community resources
