home theatre in a box
Telephones (corded and cordless), fax and answering machines
Computer Scanners
Cell Phones and other wireless devices
Background
The Otter Lake Facility opened for full operations in 1999 to replace the closed Sackville Landfill.
The site is 200 acres and employs up to100 people.
The facility uses some of the most advance technology for processing and disposing of waste material, making HRM a true world leader in environmental protection.
Front End Processor (FEP)
The FEP facility is where garbage arrives and bags are opened and inspected. It consists of a system of conveyors, bag breaker, sorting platforms and mechanical screening operations.
The FEP allows for identification and removal of material that should not be going to landfill.
Clean recyclable paper, metals and containers are removed during the sorting process. However, the majority is disposed due to contamination.
Scrap metal (ie appliances) is separated for recycling.
Waste Stabilization Facility (WSF)
Screened material from the FEP is transferred to the WSF where it moves by agitator in channels to be decomposed in 18 to 21 days.
The material left at the end of this process is a dryer like fluff which then goes to the landfill. This process lessens the amount of leachate produced by material in the cell, and as there is no food residue it doesn't attract vectors (ie birds).
Residual Disposal Facility (RDF)
The RDF is the actual landfill portion of the site. Each "cell" is extensively lined with clay and geotextile (plastic) double liner and a leachate collection system.
Each of these cells costs about $15 million to build and only take 3 years to fill.
All leachate generated at the site is collected and treated.
Diversion from Landfill
The processing/stabilizing of waste comes at a cost, however it is done for the protections of the local community and the environment.
Recycling and composting programs maximize recovery of resources and positively impacts our environment.
Mixed waste in landfills generates about 38% of Canada's total methane (a greenhouse gas) emissions. Diverting organics from landfill can have a significant impact on climate change.
© 2012 Halifax Regional Municipality
