Landfill
They reported at the 241st National Meeting and Exposition of the American Chemical Society (ACS).
Fehime Vatansever and colleagues explained that in 1997, the U. S Food and Drug Administration banned the decades-old practice of feeding meat and bone meal (MBM) made from byproducts of slaughtered cattle, sheep, and farmed deer, elk and bison to those same animals. Other countries took similar action. It stemmed from concern over the human form of Mad Cow Disease, a very rare but fatal brain disorder that spread in the United Kingdom from eating infected meat. As of 2010, only three cases of the disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), had occurred in the United States. The bans were to reduce the chances that meat and bone meal made from one infected cow could spread BSE widely throughout cattle herds.
"The ban changed what once was a valuable resource -- a nutritious component of cattle feed -- into waste disposal headache," Vatansever said. "More than nine billion pounds of protein meal are produced by the U.S. rendering industry each year, and most of that is meat and bone meal. The meal from cows had to be treated with harsh chemicals to destroy any BSE and then put into special landfills. We thought we could keep meat and bone meal from being deposited in landfills by using it to make petroleum-free bioplastics."
Vatansever and her colleagues described development and successful testing of that process, which uses meat and bone as the raw material rather than the chemical compounds in petroleum or natural gas. They mixed the MBM plastic with so-called ultra-high-molecular weight polyethylene (UHMWPE), an extremely tough plastic used in skis, snowboards, joint replacements, PVC windows, and other products. Their tests showed that the MBM/UHMWPE plastic is almost as durable as UHMWPE with the bonus of being partially biodegradable.
Any of the BSE infectious agents that might be present in meat and bone meal are deactivated during the manufacture of the plastic, Vatansever noted.
"This is just one way to reuse meat and bone meal, and it's great because it reduces the amount of petroleum needed to make plastics," Vatansever said. "We've also managed to create a strong, sustainable material that is easy to manufacture."
Share this story on Facebook, Twitter, and Google:
Other social bookmarking and sharing tools:
|
Story Source:
The above story is reprinted from materials provided by American Chemical Society , via EurekAlert!, a service of AAAS.
Note: Materials may be edited for content and length. For further information, please contact the source cited above.
Need to cite this story in your essay, paper, or report? Use one of the following formats:
APA
MLA
Note: If no author is given, the source is cited instead.
Disclaimer: Views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of ScienceDaily or its staff.
Related Stories
Biodegradable Products May Be Bad for the Environment (May 31, 2011) — New research shows that so-called biodegradable products are likely doing more harm than good in landfills, because they are releasing a powerful greenhouse gas as they break ...  >  read more
Chemists Develop Fully Biodegradable and Recyclable Synthetic Resin (Jan. 13, 2011) — Modern synthetic resins are made from fossil sources, are not biodegradable and can only be burned under strict precautions due to the release of toxic substances. Scientists have now discovered a ...  >  read more
Biodegradable Foam Plastic Substitute Made from Milk Protein and Clay (Oct. 20, 2010) — Amid ongoing concern about plastic waste accumulating in municipal landfills, and reliance on imported oil to make plastics, scientists are reporting development of a new ultra-light biodegradable ...  >  read more
Biodiesel On The Wing: A 'Green' Process For Biodiesel From Feather Meal (July 22, 2009) — Scientists are reporting development of a new and environmentally friendly process for producing biodiesel fuel from "chicken feather meal," made from the 11 billion pounds of poultry industry waste ...  >  read more
Combustion Of Waste May Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Dec. 7, 2007) — A joint research project has proved that development of waste management is a cost-efficient means to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases. Considerable reductions can be achieved by combustion ...  >  read more
Number of stories in archives: 120,217
Find with keyword(s):
Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily's archives for related news topics,
the latest news stories, reference articles, science videos, images, and books.
 
