 
Recycle Bags
For those concerned about the state of our environment, they can do worse than leading the way by using recycle bags to help us go "green." Trying to help by using recycle bags for eligible materials is also an intelligent action to take, because many cities and towns are starting to make recycling a requirement rather than an option. Also, they're running out of places to put their trash, so the less that goes into a landfill, the better. Lastly, seeing something new come from the material that made up something else can be a satisfying thing.
Different Types
Recycle bags come in different types and for different purposes. Mostly, they're sorted by color or purpose. Recyclable metals go into one, paper products another, and glass yet another. Sometimes, there are just generalized products like wood, for example, that have their own bags. Most also have their own colors, like blue, brown, or green.
Recycle Containers in General
Most of the time, the choice will be to put recyclables into either a container or into recycle bags. Both have their advantages, and which type you use will depend on the need for storage space and other considerations. Containers can last a long time and are generally durable. Bags, on the other hand, can be biodegradable and easily recycled themselves. Keep in mind the storage requirements for these large, bulky containers. In the end, it may be a choice of which ones are easiest to use.
What's Recyclable?
Just about anything that can be easily broken down and isn't filled with hazardous materials or chemicals. You wouldn't just put a car battery through a paper recycling machine, for example. It would go to its own specialized recovery facility. The best candidates for recycling are aluminum cans, glass bottles, paper products and wood, sometimes. Most foods and similar garbage still go to landfills because they break down and dissolve away over time. Stop down at your town's recycling office for more advice.
What Don't We Recycle?
For the most part, you won't see items containing hazardous chemicals going to a recycling facility. These have to be handled carefully, and they're not easily processed in an inexpensive manner. Check with your municipality to see what the prohibited items are. Many times, hospital waste and heavy metals like lead and mercury will go for incineration.
Putting it All Together
A desire to help the environment grows daily among people. Because of that, we've also seen increases in the amount of materials that are being recycled. By using recycle bags in that process, we help the environment while making it easier to get recyclables down to the local recycling facility. Make sure to prevent hazardous materials or dangerous chemicals from making their way into these bags.
 
