Use the above box to search this section or the whole site
Tuesday, October 13, 2009
Print This Page
Kozhikode Gets New Biogas Plant to Process Garbage
KERALA, INDIA - A biogas plant with a capacity to process nearly 2,000 kg of garbage daily was inaugurated at the Central market by Mayor M. Bhaskaran on Saturday. The plant can produce 75 metre cube of biogas daily.
The commissioning of the “Ecosan” biogas plant was yet another significant step towards Kozhikode Corporation’s aim to decentralise garbage disposal system, the Mayor said.
It would be on trial run for one month but would soon operate to its full potential. The plant, built at a cost of Rs.27.6 lakh under the People’s Plan 2008-2009, would be maintained by the government-owned Kerala Agro Industries Corporation for three years. It was set up by Kerala Agro Industries Corporation.
When the plant is fully operational, hotels in the neighbourhood can buy the biogas, for cooking purposes, at a nominal cost, according to Indian news agency, The Hindu . It will also be used to light up the market. Two other biogas plants are also being set up under the programme to decentralise garbage disposal system.
The Mayor said the city residents would be encouraged to set up similar biogas plants on their compounds to dispose of garbage generated daily at homes.
From 15 October, the Corporation would not accept garbage from hotels and marriage venues. These measures would further reduce the load on the Corporation’s garbage disposal system at Njeliyanparambu.
Mr. Bhaskaran said stringent action would be taken against those found dumping garbage in public places. It would be treated as a non-bailable offence. The police had already started booking offenders, especially those found dumping meat and waste from slaughter houses by the wayside and in housing colonies under the cover of darkness.
Deputy Mayor Abdul Latheef said the Corporation was one of the few local bodies that could claim to have an efficient garbage disposal system.
Drastic measures were needed since the volume of garbage generated in the city was going up fast though the city’s size and population had not increased significantly.
The biggest hurdle to effective disposal of garbage was scarcity of land. “So, the best solution is reduction of garbage,” Mr. Latheef said.
Kanangatt Haridas, chairman, Corporation standing committee for health, K.P. Ramesh, assistant executive engineer, Corporation, and councillors also spoke.
TheBioenergySite News Desk
