Featured / Best Exotic FE > Top 5 >
Cheat Sheet for January 21, 2012 Coast to Coast Show - Hank Mills pulled together this listing of talking points as a briefing about the Top 5 Free Energy Technologies and runners up, to assist me in my interview with John B. Wells last night on Coast to Coast AM last night. There is a lot more information here than I was able to get to on air. -- Sterling Allan (PESN; January 22, 2012)
Featured / Best Exotic FE > Top 5 >
Top 5 Free Energy Technologies Unfolding Now - Off the radar of the mainstream media, many futuristic energy technologies are positioning themselves to change the course of human civilization. These breakthroughs herald a fantastic future in which energy scarcity is a thing of the past. (PESN and BeforeItsNews ; January 21, 2012)
Featured / Top 5 : Trends > Zeitgeist >
Free Energy in 2011 Prepping to Take Off in 2012 - Though the year didn't bring as many technologies to market as I had predicted last year (due to "you're not ready yet, world citizens"?), great progress was made. We highlight the Top 5 of the year and mention a few stragglers from last year, as well as mentioning the "Hall of Shame". (PESN and BeforeItsNews ; December 31, 2011)
Featured : Best Exotic FE > Top 5 Exotic Free Energy Technologies >
Happy Birthday to Me, Again -- Top 5 Shuffle - Once again, on my birthday, I am being treated to a barrage of amazing developments to report on, this time pertaining to Top 5 Exotic Free Energy Technologies. 1) E-Cat, 2) GPI, 3) EEFG, 4) PlasmERG, 5) Defkalion, 6) Aviso, 7) Focus Fusion, 8) ERR Fluxgenerator. (PESN and BeforeItsNews andn Examiner ; November 30, 2011)
Featured / Best Exotic FE : Waste to Energy > GPI >
GPI hires hundreds to manufacture 200 W2E plants in next 18 months - Green Power Inc. of Washington state is moving full steam ahead in manufacturing their 100 ton/day plants that convert municipal solid waste into high grade liquid fuel and electricity. Between themselves and an engineering company they contracted to do some of their fabrication, they have hired nearly 500 people.  (PESN; November 30, 2011)
Green Power pays $217,000 to keep port lease pre-payment for another 6 months. (Tri-City Herald; September 9, 2011)
Deadline nears for Pasco biofuels firm - Green Power has just two months left of its six-month lease with the Port of Pasco and there's little to show for it. Port officials have seen nothing change at the partially built biofuels plant in the Big Pasco Industrial Center since the Department of Ecology closed down the project in August. And there still is a long line of creditors claiming Green Power owes them millions of dollars. (News Tribune; June 19, 2011)
Green Power under fire for finances, permits - "Large-scale orders are pending and now Green Power Inc. is ready to go operational. Green Power will be setting up payment plans with vendors and apologizes to those it has hurt by being unable to make timely payments," Spitzauer wrote. (Tri-City Herald; March 6, 2011)
Featured : Waste to Energy > GPI >
Port of Pasco approves Green Power Inc to return - After 1.5 years of being closed down, first for an unwarranted shut-down by the State Ecology department later overruled by the EPA, then by the Port of Pasco for past payment problems; today the Port commissioners voted to allow GPI (municipal-solid-waste-to-fuel company) to renew their lease, with 6 month pre-payment terms. (PESN and BeforeItsNews ; February 10, 2011)
Waste to Energy > GPI >
Green Power seeks new lease in Pasco - Port of Pasco commissioners on Tuesday were skeptical of a claim by Green Power owner Michael Spitzauer that "things are different this time." The commissioners called a special meeting to hear a proposal from Spitzauer, whose company was evicted in September from property it leased at the port, to cut a new deal for a six-month, prepaid lease. (The News Tribune; and Tri-City Herald ; WA; January 12, 2011)
Featured : Waste to Energy > GPI >
Green Power Inc offering skittish Port of Pasco pre-paid option - After giving GPI CEO Michael Spitzauer a chance to turn over a new leaf, the Port voted to stop business dealings given his recent missing of several extended key deadlines for payment.  Today GPI offered terms of 6 months in advance payment plus security deposit, with new person to handle finances. (PESN; December 3, 2010)
Featured : Jobs / Waste to Energy > GPI >
Trash-to-Gas Co. a go after EPA vetoes Ecology - Beginning in a little more than a week, Green Power Inc. will be commencing the building of municipal-solid-waste-to-fuel plants for clients around the world, with $2 billion in contracts; now that an EPA ruling has exonerated GPI from an unnecessary shut-down order by the Washington Ecology Department last year. (PESN; November 20, 2010)
Feature : Tesla / Donate to PES Network >
Passing the hat on Tesla's B-day - On the 154th anniversary of the birth of the father of free energy, we honor the memory of the man who is finally beginning to get the attention he deserves in the mainstream; and we pass the hat to keep the news, directory, and networking service we provide going. (PESN; July 10, 2010)
Green Power fined $24,000 for violating air quality law - Green Power Inc. has been fined $24,000 by the Washington Department of Ecology (Ecology) for building a synthetic fuel reactor at the Port of Pasco without the proper air quality permit, thus violating state law. Green Power may appeal this fine to the state’s Pollution control Hearings Board within 30 days. (Access Washington; June 17, 2010)
State fines Pasco company $24,000 (News Tribune; June 18, 2010)
Trash-To-Fuel Process Validated By US Military - After going through all kinds of grief, including being shut down by the Washington State Ecology Department, classifying them as an 'incinerator,' it looks like Green Power Inc is finally ready to shine. The Air Force, Navy, Army, and Marines, in a joint effort, validated their technology in November, and the results are now being published for the first time. For every 100 tons of municipal solid waste feedstock processed each day, the plant produces 1240 gallons of Naphtha, 3700 gallons of Kerosene, 6900 gallons of Diesel and 3000 gallons of Fuel Oil. And even the ash can be used for cement or asphalt. They generate 1 MW of electricity to sell to the grid 24/7, running three shifts per day to keep the plant going, employing approximately five people per shift. Sticker price is $25 million. ROI, 3.5 years. Maybe with this announcement, the trend of no sales in the US will change, compared to the 72 foreign contracts backed by letters of credit. (Slashdot; February 19, 2010)
Featured : Alt Fuel > Biomass / Non-Fossil Oil > W2E > GPI >
GPI's waste-to-fuel process validated by U.S. military - Green Power Inc. has had the U.S. military test the input/output volumes and quality of their municipal-waste and biomass-to-fuel plant, validating that it produces as GPI has stated. U.S. sales may finally take off, and bureaucratic resistance will hopefully melt away. (PESN; Feb. 19, 2010) ( Comments )
Featured : Waste to Energy > Green Power Inc. >
Waste-to-fuel co. being hampered by state Ecology dept. - The Washington state department of Ecology is impeding Green Power Inc., which claims a technology to turn municipal waste into high-grade fuel.  The company is appealing the shut-down order saying that the cited regulation is irrelevant because their process does not involve incineration. (PESN; Sept. 22, 2009) ( Comments )
Green Power Inc CEO under investigation - Green Power CEO Michael Spitzauer is the subject of an investigation by the Securities Division of Washington state's Department of Financial Institutions. He also has been sued by business partners..., and he's been sued at least three times in the last year in Franklin County Superior Court for failure to pay bills. (News Tribune, Tacoma, WA; August 11, 2009)
Featured : Waste to Energy > Green Power, Inc. >
Spitzauer appealing Green Power Inc. shut-down order - Michael Spitzauer, CEO, said that his company's municipal-waste-to-power process emits no emissions of the compounds in question, and that the Washington State Ecology Department's concerns are unfounded in which they claim GPI  has "not provided adequate compliance with the environmental air quality regulations." (PESN; August 7, 2009) ( Comment )
Top 100 / Featured : Events > E Hall of Fame >
Environmental Hall of Fame, Chicago '08 -- Awesome - Thirty-six movers and shakers from the environmental movement receive awards, including two individuals from the NEC's Top 100 Clean Energy Technologies listing. (PESN; Nov. 26, 2008)
EPA cites garbage-to-diesel guru - The Environmental Protection Agency said that Green Power – the company with plans to build a multimillion dollar garbage-to-diesel plant in Fife – violated federal environmental regulations. The Issaquah-based company has been cited for seven violations, mostly regarding the company’s failure to report a fire to the EPA that burned up its mobile demonstration unit and the lack of documentation in how it handles used oil. (TheNewsTribune.com, Tacoma; Apr. 17, 2007)
Green Power opens trash-to-diesel plant - ...Green Power opens trash-to-diesel plant Green Power Inc. has announced plans to build an $82 million plant in Fife, Wash. that will convert garbage to ... (The Manufacturer; Oct. 20, 2007)
Garbage-to-diesel plant headed for Fife, company announces - Green Power Inc., an Issaquah-based alternative energy company, plans to build an $82 million garbage-to-diesel plant in Fife. (TheNewsTribune.com, Tacoma; Oct. 4, 2006)
Successful Demonstration of Waste-to-Fuel Technology Creating NanoDiesel - Thrilled spectators at their demonstration on Wednesday, July 26, 2006. (The Auto Channel; August 2,2006)
[link dead] (Chicago Tribune; 8-8-2006)
Could Trash-to-Diesel Process Be a Way Out of Foreign-Fuel Dependency - corporation says it has perfected a process (catalytic pressure-less depolymerization, developed by German chemical specialist Christian Koch) that turns trash into high-quality diesel fuel. (Popular Mechanics; Aug. 3, 2006)
Is 'Trash-Diesel' Snake Oil? - A German company is pitching municipalities across the U.S. with technology that can turn organic landfill into diesel fuel. However the CEO's checkered past and questions about the feasibility of the technology have turned off potential partners. A scientist who reviewed technical documentation found inconsistencies and errors. The demonstration included waste oil as part of the feedstock, but the company claims the final process will only require landfill. (Wired Blogs; July28, 2006)
Trash-to-diesel - ...Green Power CEO Michael Spitzauer puts the fuel into his car before taking ... truck chugged and rumbled — purportedly converting landfill trash into diesel ... (The Seattle Times: Business & Technology; July 27, 2006)
Issaquah company turns waste into fuel - An Issaquah-based corporation thrilled spectators Wednesday at a demonstration of its new technology that turns garbage into fuel. The demonstration impressed the City of Cheyenne, Wyoming so much it was ready to sign an agreement for GreenPower to set up shop there, but then they did some checking and the deal fell through. (NWCN; July 26, 2006)
Industry News: GREEN POWER CELEBRATES SUCCESSFUL TEST OF ITS WASTE-TO-DIESEL TECHNOLOGY - On June 2nd 2006, Green Power, Inc. (www.cleanenergyprojects.com) successfully demonstrated its technology to convert regular solid waste into diesel fuel. (Waste Business Journal; Jun. 12-18, 2006)
Other Coverage
