Edit Steps
1
While in receptacle, compact trash into the trash bag so as to increase available volume and maximize capacity.
While in receptacle, compact trash into the trash bag so as to increase available volume and maximize capacity. However, ensure that the bag is not over burdened or over filled as this will complicate later steps.
2
Use the extra room on top to tie a single knot so that the garbage does not fall out of the bag.
Use the extra room on top to tie a single knot so that the garbage does not fall out of the bag.
OPTIONAL: If more than one bag to transport then utilize a wagon or a wheel barrow (if logistically possible) to increase efficiency of trash relocation.
3
Transport all bags to collection/drop of location ensuring nothing has been left behind or dropped during the transportation process.
Transport all bags to collection/drop of location ensuring nothing has been left behind or dropped during the transportation process.
4
Throw all of the bags into a designated trash container (typically a steel or plastic cylindrical barrel with removable lid, though your location may employ a dumpster or garbage chute.
Throw all of the bags into a designated trash container (typically a steel or plastic cylindrical barrel with removable lid, though your location may employ a dumpster or garbage chute.
5
Put a new plastic trash bag into the canister -- there are now odor absorbing and scented bags available.
Put a new plastic trash bag into the canister -- there are now odor absorbing and scented bags available.
Edit Tips
When someone asks you to take out the trash you take it out when asked not two hours later.
If you work in an office, do not leave your trash for someone else to take out.
Always make sure that there is not a hole in the bag. This ensures that no trash will fall out.
Make sure that you do not drop any trash. This ensures you will not have to pick any up.
If taking out the trash involves concrete, try to lift the bag up slightly, all bags will tear.
If taking the trash out at night, make sure all walk-paths are well lit. This will prevent you from tripping over sticks, toys, rocks, etc.
Put your house number on the trash can. High winds may blow them down the street, or a neighbor may scheme to steal it.
Edit Warnings
Be extremely careful when disposing of dangerous items like glass. People can easily get hurt and if cut on an artery they may lose a lot of blood. Therefore it is imperative to try and get another container to put the glass in. Then dispose in the trash.
Watch out for boxes, if you hold the tip you may end up with a cut on your finger.
Do not breathe into a trash can. Trust me the smell of scrambled eggs combined with two week old milk is never pleasant.
