By Susan Taylor
OTTAWA | Fri Oct 8, 2010 8:41am EDT
OTTAWA (Reuters) - For the father and son team guiding privately held Enerkem Inc to growth in the budding waste-to-biofuels market, success will come from the Quebec family's philosophy of being patient and disciplined.
Enerkem has focused on careful, cautious growth, despite pressure to proceed more quickly, said chief executive Vincent Chornet, who founded the company in 2000 with his father, Esteban Chornet, a former university professor.
"There's this moral obligation between father and son to make it work," he said in an interview with Reuters.
"On one side, you essentially reduce a landfill's space by 90 percent and on the other side you answer the world's needs for transportation fuels. There's no better proposition than that, in my opinion," he said.
Enerkem's technology has been tested on more than 20 different feedstocks, such as wood chips or municipal waste, for more than 4,000 hours, said Chornet. It has advantages of speed and efficiency, and the purity of the synthetic gas it produces from breaking down biomass and other waste material.
Now, after that careful development, the company is ready to pursue a piece of the North American market it estimates is worth about C$4 billion ($3.9 billion).
For the next few years, it will focus on existing projects as it seeks growth in target areas close to landfills and refineries that can blend the biofuel it produces.
Enerkem recently started construction in Edmonton, Alberta, on what it says is the world's first industrial-scale plant turning municipal waste into biofuel.
It plans to begin building another plant in Pontotoc, Mississippi, in early 2011, helped by a $50 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy.
In the next few months, the Montreal-based company expects to announce a third commercial plant in Quebec.
BIG SPIKE IN DEMAND SEEN
Government policy, increasingly expensive and scarce landfill sites, and a growing demand for clean power are poised to drive a surge in demand for biofuel.
A "cleantech revolution" that is under way will award "tenacious" companies, Chornet said, rather than the overnight successes created during the Internet sector's rapid-fire growth.
In the United States, for example, government mandates call for production of 36 billion gallons of biofuel annually by 2022. Corn stocks will produce just 15 billion gallons, Chornet said, with "non-traditional" stocks, such as waste wood, responsible for the rest.
At Enerkem's commercial demonstration plant in Westbury, Quebec, old telephone poles are chopped into wood chips and converted to fuel.
Edmonton will turn 100,000 tonnes of non-recyclable garbage each year into 36 million litres (10 million gallons) of ethanol, under a 25-year contract that will boost the city's waste diversion rate to 90 percent from 60 percent.
Led by Chief Technology Officer Esteban Chornet, Enerkem has developed a thermo-chemical process that uses a combination of heat, pressure, advanced chemistry and catalysts.
After the molecules in municipal waste, forest or agricultural material are broken apart, the mix is reassembled into a synthetic gas. The "syngas" is then scrubbed and conditioned for conversion to ethanol, methanol or chemicals, or used for electricity generation.
The process is profitable without subsidies, said Chornet, a former banker. Enerkem collects revenue from both waste tipping fees and fuel sales, but is not yet profitable as it spends heavily on new plants.
"There is demand for any technology that can recover carbon," said Chornet. "The fact we focus on waste makes our proposition very profitable compared to others."
While some skepticism hangs over the commercial value of waste-to-fuel technology, Enerkem has attracted heavyweight backers.
In February, it completed a C$53.8 million financing with investors including Waste Management Inc, the No. 1 U.S. trash hauler, and venture capitalists such as Rho Ventures, Braemar Energy Ventures, BDR Capital and Cycle Capital.
In March, Enerkem struck a joint venture deal with Greenfield Ethanol, Canada's top ethanol producer, to design, build and operate plants in Ontario and Quebec.
($1=$1.01 Canadian)
