1,43
0,14
The most complete destruction of the products contained in refuse, is carried out during high-temperature pyrolysis or gasification at temperature 1650-1930°C in melted metal with mineral additives (44), or at temperature up to 1700°C in melt of salts or alkalis in a mix with additives and at the presence of catalysts (45).  The specified ways provide refuse processing practically of any structure as at such temperature are completely destroying all dioxins, furanes and biphenyls.  As a result it turns into synthesis gas - a mix of hydrogen, methane, carbonic oxide, carbon dioxide, water steam, nitrogen oxides and sulfur, the solid rest - coke, pieces of inorganic materials, lime, cement, glass and slag which are proposed to be removed from a reactor in sealed bunkers and forms without the indication of their further use and wasted melts of salts and metal which regeneration is extremely complex and power-consuming process demanding besides the significant consumption of various reagents.  Synthesis gas after enough complex clearing of impurity can be used as fuel.  It is necessary to note also, that the specified processes do not provide allocation of heavy metals and their salts from the firm rest of pyrolysis, therefore the further utilization of slag for manufacture of building materials and designs is impossible, special measures of their recycling or a burial place are necessary.
Recently the technology of processing of waste products on a basis of low temperature plasmas (2000 - 10000°C) began to develop.  As the rest of process there are receiving heavy metals which can be used in metallurgy (46).  One of lacks of this method is its high operational cost. So, company Solution NTT working together with Institute of Electrophysical Problems (Moscow), specifies, that it makes 100 dollars for ton of waste products (47).  Other lack which practically excludes a real opportunity to apply this method in large industrial scales, that fact is, that the material of the reaction chamber at such high temperature quickly fails and it is necessary to stop it very frequently to repair.
