The Cleaning Process:
Begin by flushing away any food that may be in your garbage disposal.
Next, run a couple of ice cubes through to loosen food that may be stuck to the blades or grinders. This is also believed to sharpen the blades.
Pour 1/2 cup baking soda into the garbage disposal.
Slowly add 1 cup of vinegar to the baking soda. Be prepared for it to fizzle and bubble as it expands. (Remember those erupting volcano projects in grade school? – same idea) You will want to insert the cover of both your garbage disposal as well as the drain in the second sink if applicable.
Let this mixture set for about 10 minutes.
While it is soaking, fill the large pot with water and bring it to a boil.
When the water is boiling, remove the covers to the sink and garbage disposal.
Carefully pour the boiling water into the garbage disposal and turn it on to flush away the loosened debris.
Remove the splash guard (the black rubber cover) if possible and clean it thoroughly. Use the old toothbrush to scrub off any build-up that tends to accumulate on the underside.
If you are unable to remove the splash guard, lift each flap and scrub underneath with the old toothbrush as good as you can. This is a key location for build-up that causes odor, so cleaning it well is essential.
Return the splash guard to its original location.
If you’d like a fresh smell in your kitchen, run a few citrus peels through the disposal. You can also place a few drops of scented oil in the disposal and let it set for a few hours before rinsing away.
Removing Odors
Odors are such a common problem with garbage disposals that there are numerous methods to remove them. These are most effective after you have cleaned the debris causing the odor from your disposal. Otherwise, you just have the smells from these remedies on top of the previous odors. Here are a couple of the more popular fixes.
Lemon/Limes – Place a couple halves of lemons or limes in the garbage disposal and process them through. The acid from the citrus will remove the odor and leave your disposal smelling much fresher.
Baking Soda – Baking soda is well known for its odor absorbency and can be added to other items being processed through the disposal to aid in odor removal.
Vinegar Ice – Fill an ice cube tray with vinegar and freeze. Place a couple of ice cubes in the disposal and process with cold water. Be sure to label the remaining cubes or someone may get a surprise in their beverage!
Ice/Salt – Place some ice in the garbage disposal and sprinkle with rock salt or 1 cup of vinegar. Process the ice through the disposal with plenty of cold water.
Bleach – Mix 1 tablespoon bleach with 1 gallon of water. Pour in the disposal and let set for 10 minutes. Turn on the disposal and process thoroughly with cold water.
Though you are always careful when using your disposal, unwanted objects seem to make their way in. Whether it’s a utensil, dish, or other object, use great caution when removing blockages from your disposal.
You Will Need:
