Cambiar a la versión española
Where Does Garbage Go?
Click on a region of the waste-disposal diagram or the key below to see information on each step of the trash management process or download a printer-friendly PDF version ( in English and in Spanish ).
How does the waste collection and management process typically work? Most people don’t think about waste once it is picked up from their home.  The Solid Waste industry does more than simply collect trash.  We are essential partners in meeting your community’s needs for professional, innovative and environmentally-responsive management of waste materials.  We are part of the solution to some of today’s most important environmental challenges: recycling millions of tons of paper , metal , plastic and other resources; creating new sources of clean, renewable energy ; and building state-of-the-art landfills for increased protection of natural resources and wild life habitats.
At Your Home
According to the U.S. EPA, the average American produces about 4.5 pounds of trash every day. That’s a lot of garbage! (250 million tons a year in the U.S.) And that’s only the waste from homes, businesses, etc. If you add in all the construction, industrial and other solid wastes produced in America each year, there are more than 500 million tons produced annually. Proper waste management and environmental stewardship is vital. There is an entire section of this site that will help you be more green with your waste .
Landfill-Gas-to-Energy
As landfill waste decomposes, it produces methane and other gases. More than 75 percent of the methane is available for use as “green” energy. The use of landfill-gas-to-energy is helping advance our national security goal of reducing reliance on foreign oil. It also is helping reduce global warming, because using landfill gas for energy involves capturing methane—a greenhouse gas. According to the EPA, America’s solid waste industry produces enough electricity and methane gas from landfill gas to light and heat nearly 1.6 million homes. Learn more about waste-based energy here.
At the Recycling Center
The solid waste industry collects and processes your recyclables. In fact, America’s solid waste industry built and operates the infrastructure that has enabled this recycling. According to the EPA, in 2008, Americans recycled 61 million tons of paper, cans and bottles and composted another 22 million tons of yard waste. Recycling not only reduces the waste that ends up in our landfills, it produces with other tangible benefits. For example, recycling allows us to conserve vital natural resources. It reduces air and water pollution and cuts greenhouse gas emission, which contribute to climate change. Learn more about recycling here.
Composting
Composting is a method of recycling organic waste (food) from households and commercial establishments and yard waste. More and more Americans are composting at home, and commercial composting facilities may be found in many U.S. communities. Compost promotes healthy plants and saves space in landfills. Compostable materials break down into a soil-like substance that is a good fertilizer and soil additive for planting. Compost also offers economic benefits by reducing the need for water, fertilizers and pesticides and can serve as a low cost alternative to standard landfill cover. Learn more about composting here.
Modern Landfills
Despite America’s efforts to reduce, reuse and recycle waste, more than half of the garbage that Americans produce ends up in landfills. New state-of-the-art landfills are designed, sited, engineered, operated, regulated, tested and monitored in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. A modern landfill is a carefully designed and monitored structure that isolates trash from the surrounding environment (e.g., groundwater, air, rain). This isolation is accomplished with the use of a bottom liner and daily covering of soil. Landfills are not designed to break down trash, merely to bury it. Landfills are carefully filled, monitored and maintained while they are active and generally for up to 30 years after they are closed. Permitting a modern landfill generally takes about a decade, costs millions of dollars and requires rigorous siting, engineering and environmental studies and demonstrations to ensure both state and local environmental and safety concerns are satisfied. Learn more about modern landfill construction here.
Transfer Stations
Waste transfer stations are facilities where municipal solid waste is unloaded from collection vehicles and briefly held while it is reloaded onto larger long-distance transport vehicles for shipment to landfills or other treatment or disposal facilities. By combining the loads of several individual waste collection trucks into a single shipment, communities can save money on the labor and operating costs of transporting the waste to a distant disposal site. They can also reduce the total number of vehicular trips traveling to and from the disposal site. Learn more about the latest truck technologies here.
Land Reuse
Landfills in many communities have wild life habitats, natural wetlands and community facilities where school children and others can learn about environmental stewardship, waste reduction, recycling and other “green” activities. Other beneficial landfill reuse projects provide recreational areas like golf courses and bike parks to a number of communities nationwide. Even where landfills have been closed and land reuse projects have been created, the landfill operator continues to collect landfill gas these sites continue to produce, allowing for continued landfill-gas-to-energy. Learn more about landfill re-use here.
Modern Trucks
There are 136,000 garbage trucks operating in the United States, and most of these are diesel powered. However, America’s solid waste industry is investing in alternative fuels such as natural gas and biodiesel. Hybrid garbage and recycling trucks conserve energy and reduce operating costs. In fact, refuse trucks have become the most rapidly growing natural gas vehicle sector in the nation. From 2002 to 2006, the number of cities using alternative fuel garbage trucks increased from 26 to 57. In addition to using less fuel and reducing costs, these new trucks generally emit less particulate matter and nitrogen oxide helping improve air quality. Learn more about the latest truck technologies here.
Waste to Energy
Innovation and leadership from America’s solid waste industry makes it possible for us to use waste as a source of renewable and sustainable energy. Waste-to-energy facilities burn garbage in power plants equipped with modern pollution control equipment to clean emissions. About 10 percent of America’s garbage is disposed in these plants. According to the Integrated Waste Services Association, as of 2008, America’s solid waste industry operated 87 waste-to-energy facilities that generated more than 2,700 megawatts of electricity, enough to power 1.7 million homes. Learn more about waste-based energy here.
At Manufacturing Sites
The solid waste industry provides valuable resources and power to America’s manufacturing sector. More and more products are produced today using recycled paper, plastic, metal and glass that was collected and processed by America’s solid waste industry. And Honeywell, General Motors, BMW, Dell Computers and many other companies are using power generated from waste-based, renewable energy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, save millions of dollars in annual energy costs and reduce our dependence on foreign energy. Learn more about such efforts here.
