Sniiiiff! My tears are dripping on the pug asleep in my lap.  Damn you subby.
 
2012-03-25 01:55:54 PM
CarrieWhite : indarwinsshadow , I'm in Oz where we have universal health care and $15/h minimum wage. So yeah, bring on the puppy love.
And kangaroos. Not knocking the puppy, but lady down under. America is totally nuts when it comes to looking after their people. They love guns, and hate the fact they might have to pay for someones appendicitis. They love to post moronic images of puppies and kitties and save the children. Long as they don't have to pay for it.
 
2012-03-25 01:57:51 PM
Lor M. Ipsum : indarwinsshadow: It's not a troll. It's pointing out that people care about animals, and couldn't seem to care less about their fellow humans unless it's Christmas or Easter. Hypof*ckingcrits.
I'm with you that lots of people seem to care more about their pets than humans, but posting that in this thread is typical troll behavior, even if you're denying trolling or think that you are not.
Sorry you feel that way. Perhaps you should add me to the ignore list if it bothers you that much. And my comment is not a troll. It's not aimed at you, or any particular farker. It's an observation. Inconvenient as it might appear.
 
2012-03-25 01:59:39 PM
indarwinsshadow : [static7.businessinsider.com image 400x298]
Meanwhile, in most cities across America...and Canada, this is the typical day for a homeless person. We treat dog and cats *sniff*, better than we do people. And we have farkers who are so f*cking warped in their sense of priorities you'll have them advocating for a stray dog, but can't get behind universal medical care.
Yeah, that's not too f*cked up.
I had a similar thought after watching the video too, though from a different angle. It occurred to me that by  simply giving this dog the care and attention it needed, it became well adjusted and happy; now if only human beings could react the same way.
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man." - Mark Twain
 
