Consumer Reviews of Kitchen Waste Garbage Disposal Units | InSinkGarbageDisposal.com
\
In Sink Garbage Disposal Buying Guide
InSinkErator Evolution Excel Garbage Disposal Review
If you are designing a brand new kitchen or you simply need to replace your food-waste disposal unit, you need to check out the InSinkErator Evolution Excel household food waste disposal system. Part of the recently released “Evolution” series, the InSinkErator Evolution Excel represents the cutting edge in household garbage disposal technology. The InSinkErator Evolution Excel effortlessly processes a variety of kitchen waste products like fruit peels, bones and even coffee grounds by liquefying them completely and then getting rid of them via the sewage system or the septic tank. The Excel also features InSinkErator’s latest grinding and noise-reduction technologies ...
Waste King L-8000 Legend Garbage Disposal Review
Is your current garbage disposal unit too noisy? Does it jam often? No worries; there is a quieter and much more powerful garbage disposal unit alternative – the Waste King L-8000 Legend household waste disposer. The L-8000 Legend food waste disposer comes equipped with a 2,800 RPM 'Vortex' 1.0 HP permanent magnet motor which allows for some powerful grinding action. The high powered motor also means effortless processing of any kind of kitchen food waste. Click here for the best prices on the Waste King L-8000 Legend at Amazon.com. Product may qualify for Free Shipping. Check Now. As one of the few garbage ...
InSinkErator Evolution Septic Assist Household Food Waste Disposer Review
Nowadays, most apartments and independent homes are connected to a large sewage network which is operated by local governments. On the other hand, a number of residences still use septic tanks for their sewage disposal needs. Unfortunately, most household food waste disposers aren’t particularly effective in houses with septic tanks and only a few food waste disposers are designed specifically for this purpose. The InSinkErator Evolution Septic Assist is the most prominent and hi-tech waste food disposer for kitchens connected to septic tanks. The Evolution Septic Assist is powered by a potent ¾ HP Dura-Drive induction motor which allows it to ...
KitchenAid KCDB250G 1/2 HP Continuous Feed Disposer Review
The KitchenAid KCDB250G is part of KitchenAid’s popular line of household garbage disposers. As compared to the 1/2 of the HP KitchenAid KCDB250G, other models in this line are considerably bulkier; albeit more powerful (3/4 HP and 1 HP). This makes it the most compact household food waste disposer offered by KitchenAid. The KitchenAid KCDB250G disposer fits effortlessly under most household kitchen sinks and is ideal for smaller homes and apartments where space is a major constraint.
Even though it is the least powerful of all KitchenAid models, the KitchenAid KCDB250G garbage disposal system comes with an adequate 1/2 HP motor which is competent enough to process a wide variety of food waste products. The “continuous feed” feature enables non-stop processing of food waste without having to start the disposer everytime you need to get rid of waste.
The KitchenAid KCDB250G features corrosion-proof grind and drain chambers which guarantee a long service life. The impellers and grinding wheel are also made of galvanized steel which prevents corrosion and allows for some powerful grinding action.
Click here for the best prices on the KitchenAid KCDB250G 1/2 HP Continuous Feed Garbage Disposal Unit Amazon.com. Check Now!
Sale Price: 0
KitchenAid Superba KCDS075T Continuous Feed Garbage Disposal Reviews
The KitchenAid KCDS075T garbage disposer is part of the “Superba” line of household waste food disposers. It is a continuous feed waste disposal system. Continuous feed waste food/garbage disposers are significantly superior to other types of waste disposers as they deal with larger volumes of food waste in smaller periods of time.
The KitchenAid KCDS075T is an ideal waste food disposal system for your home. Its 0.75 HP motor is more than adequate for processing various types of food waste products. Its “continuous feed” feature allows you to add food waste for processing even when the unit is already working; this saves you a lot of time and effort.
Additionally, the KitchenAid KCDS075T garbage disposal system comes equipped with MultiGrind™ Technology and SoundSeal™ Technology which enable a quiet but powerful two stage grind experience. The KitchenAid KCDS075T is also corrosion-proof as the grind chamber, drain chamber, impellers and the grind wheel are all made of stainless steel.
Sale Price: 0 Free Shipping!
Insinkerator Commercial Waste Disposer SS1003 Review
The InSinkErator SS1003 is one of the latest large scale waste food disposers released as part of the Insinkerator’s commercial “FoodService” line. The food service line of commercial disposers is capable of large-scale waste food processing and is meant for places that cater to hundreds of people on a daily basis. Such establishments include restaurants, hospitals, industrial canteens and assisted living facilities etc.
The InSinkErator SS1003 is the smallest and the cheapest of the “foodservice” line of commercial waste food disposers. Nevertheless, the SS1003 is fully capable of processing food waste in kitchens that prepare meals for a hundred plus people per meal.
The 3 Phase Insinkerator SS1003 Garbage Disposer is powered by a 1 HP 1725 RPM induction motor which is powerful enough to deal with all types of commercial kitchen food waste. This sophisticated induction motor comes with inbuilt heat-overload protection. It also employs two seals to protect against any sort of water damage. The SS1003 waste disposer also comes with 0.75 inch rubber mounting which helps avoid vibration and cancels out most of the sound produced during operation. This allows the SS1003 garbage disposer to offer a quiet but powerful grind experience.
Unlike most InSinkErator household waste food disposal unitss, the SS1003 disposer features extensive chrome plating which makes it corrosion proof and allows for a long service life. The corrosion-resistant stainless steel grind tank is supplemented by shredders that are made from cast nickel chrome alloy and are capable of reverse action grinding.
Sale Price: 0
Waste King L-2600 Legend Continuous Feed Waste Disposal Review
The Waste King L-2600 Legend garbage disposer is a powerful 0.5 HP household food waste disposal system. At 9.9 pounds, the L-2600 Legend is one of the most compact garbage disposal systems ever, but its small size in no way lessens its ability to grind stubborn food waste.
The L-2600 Legend kitchen waste disposer comes equipped with a high-speed 2600 RPM “Vortex” motor which is much more powerful and energy efficient than other comparable models. The powerful 0.5 HP motor allows the L-2600 to process all types of food waste substances in no time.
The L-2600 Legend under sink disposal unit features “Continuous Feed Operation” which allows you to add food waste and garbage even as the machine is running. It is also armed with stainless steel swivel rotor blades which help prevent jamming.
Click here for the best prices on the Waste King L-2600 Legend Amazon.com. Free Shipping! Check Now.
A grinding chamber made from glass-filled nylon and stainless steel grinding components ensure a corrosion-free, long service life for the L-2600 Legend. Additionally, its entire assembly is insulated for a very quiet grind experience.
The L-2600 Legend garbage disposal system comes with a 5 year complete replacement warranty against any sort of mechanical or other defects and a lifetime warranty against corrosion. This proves the manufacturer’s commitment to customer service and its confidence in the quality of its product.
Sale Price: 0 Free Shipping
InSinkErator Badger 5 Kitchen Waste Disposal Review
The InSinkerator Badger 5 food waste disposer is part of the compact and economical “Badger” series of waste food disposal units by InSinkErator.
The Badger 5 garbage disposal unit is a highly reliable design and is the best choice in its price range. It is powered by a tough 0.5 HP “Dura-Drive” induction motor and comes with a rust-proof stainless steel grind chamber. The powerful induction motor allows for easy processing of the toughest waste food substances and the compact design makes it ideal for smaller apartments.
Like all other InSinkErator waste disposers, the Badger 5 garbage disposer comes with stainless steel mounts which make installation or replacement of earlier food waste disposers a hassle-free job. The Badger 5 disposer also comes with a 2 year “We Come to You” in-home parts and labor warranty which guarantees free repairs and free replacement of parts for a period of two full years following the date of purchase.
Badger 5 Garbage Disposer Features and Specifications
Product Dimensions: 7 x 7 x 13 inches, 14 pounds
Powerful 0.5 HP induction motor and corrosion-proof stainless steel grind chamber for long service life
Extremely economical without compromising on quality
2 year comprehensive in-home warranty
Sale Price: 0 Free Shipping
InSinkErator Badger 1 Kitchen Waste Disposal Unit Review
The Badger 1 garbage disposer is the cheapest and the most compact food waste disposal system in InSinkErator’s entire product range. It is specifically meant for low to moderate usage in smaller homes with limited kitchen space and compact sink cabinets.
Taking into consideration its low price and ultra-compact size, the Badger 1 garbage disposal unit is a well-designed and effective waste food disposer. It comes equipped with a 0.75 HP “Dura-Drive” induction motor which is capable of effective grinding action. Additionally, both the grind chamber and the mounts are made of stainless steel leading to a long service life and effortless installation.
The Badger 1 1/3 HP unit also comes with a 12 month “We Come To You” full parts and labor warranty.
InSinkErator Badger 1 Waste Disposer Features
Product Dimensions: 7 x 7 x 12 inches, 12.8 pounds
Extremely affordable with ultra-compact size for added convenience
1/3 HP induction motor for effective food waste processing
Stainless steel grind chamber for long service life
Comprehensive 12 month warranty
