Publication date: 2009-12-31
Patent application number: 20090321327
Sign up to receive free email alerts when patent applications with chosen keywords are published SIGN UP
Abstract:
The Water Garbage Recycler is a system to recycle waste by using water as      a medium to classify and extract waste material. Water causes lightweight      materials to float to the surface where they are collected for      processing. These materials are shredded and compacted in bales to be      recycled. Likewise, heavier objects such as metals sink to the bottom and      are collected and transported to be processed appropriately. The source      of water is a sewer plant where it can be redeposited for recycling. This      method of processing waste is ecologically friendly because ninety nine      percent of the waste material can be recycled efficiently.
Claims:
1. FIG. 11. Water tank where garbage is dumped and floating objects      separate from heavy ones.2. Conveyor that transports floating materials      to be shredded to smaller pieces.3. A screw conveyor to transport heavy      materials to a magnetic system for collecting ferrous materials.4. 4A,      4B, 4C are conveyors for transporting materials.5. Shredding system to      chop waste material into smaller pieces.6. A series of rollers that grind      non-ferrous metals and other materials.7. A series of rollers to extract      liquids and compress materials to be compacted.8. Compactor for      compressing waste into bales for further processing.9. Magnetic system to      extract ferrous metals from heavy materials.
2. FIG. 21. Water tank where garbage is dumped and floating objects      separate from heavy ones.3. Conveyor screw that transports heavy      objects.4. Conveyor screw that transports heavy objects.14. Pipeline      where water returns to untreated sewer water.15. Pipeline where water      comes from treated sewer water.16. Sewer plant untreated water      reservoir.17. Sewer plant treated water reservoir.
Description:
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
[0001]The present invention relates to garbage recycling, and more      particularly, to a mechanism for recycling waste using water.
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
[0002]The Wet Garbage Recycler is a new concept of recycling waste more      efficiently. It consists of a main water tank and conveyor system to      classify and extract various types of garbage.
[0003]A water tank is used as a medium for separating floating objects      from heavy ones. Water jets produce a swirl in the tank to that floating      garbage will accumulate in the upper middle of the tank. There are      conveyor belts to extract floating objects and a screw system to extract      heavy objects from the bottom of the tank.
[0004]Floating waste passes through a shredding system to chop the garbage      in smaller pieces. The garbage will then pass through a series of rollers      to squeeze out liquids and compress the material. The material will then      be extracted to a compactor and made as small in volume as possible into      bales to be carried away for further processing.
[0005]Heavy waste is extracted from the water tank using a screw conveyor.      It then passes through a conveyor system where a series of magnets that      separate ferrous and non-ferrous metals. Non-ferrous metals and other      heavy materials go through a grinding process to separate silica based      materials from other non-ferrous metals and other materials. The remains      are then carried away for further processing.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
[0006]FIG. 1 Illustration of complete Wet Garbage Recycling system showing      flow of materials.
[0007]FIG. 2 Illustration of water tank and water flow.
Patent applications by  Michael Anguelo, Miami Springs, FL US
User Contributions:
Comment about this patent or add new information about this topic:
Public Comment:  (50-4000 characters)
