U.S. FLEET OF THE FUTURE
Quote From U.S.                Department Of Energy’s Patrick Davis:
Startech’s “Starcell” system seems to be ahead of the pack in its ability               to economically convert the substance (PCG) into eco-friendly and competitively                priced fuels. “A lot of other gasification technologies require multiple                steps. This is a one-step process,” says Patrick Davis of the U.S.                Department of Energy’s Office of Hydrogen Production And Delivery, which has                awarded The Plasma Solution (STARTECH) almost $1 million in research grants. “You put the              waste in the reactor, and you get out the Syngas. That’s it.”
The Department of Energy’s Patrick Davis says that when the long-awaited                hydrogen-powered vehicles finally arrive, the demand for hydrogen will soar.                But he also notes that to have an effect on global warming, it’s critical                that hydrogen come from clean sources.
ALSO ON THIS PAGE:  |  MISSION STATEMENT  |  LOOK INSIDE  |   SYSTEM FLOW CHARTS  |   HAZARDOUS WASTE  |   COST SAVINGS  |   CALIF. MUNICIPALITIES
About Us
      Green Technology Consultant Stephen Valentino and associates are eager to share this unparalleled solution to  the multiple  environmental challenges which America and the World are facing. Pioneers in the new GREEN TECHNOLOGIES at STARTECH ENVIRONMENTAL CORP . have developed a PLASMA ENERGY BEAM (30,000°F) which is 3 times hotter than the surface of the sun (10,000°F). It will convert nearly anything, toxic or not, into clean, valuable  substances while also generating large scale surplus energy and clean water. This system  brings  much needed relief to the  widespread ecological crises of today:
      • The search for new foreign independent sources of Clean, Carbon-Free Power
      • World-wide increasing demands for water and shrinking supplies
      • The expanding generation of toxic and non-toxic waste products
      • Landfills are  overburdened, yet cost-effective recycling options are still limited
      • Greenhouse gasses & other solid, liquid & gaseous pollutants threaten global weather and economies
      Solving these issues will lead directly to     cost reductions for governmental and municipal operations,            and private sector commerce, manufacturing and transportation. This will ultimately lower the cost of living, improve quality of life, and most importantly: address global climate change. Landfills emit more of the greenhouse gas methane than any other human-related source. And every year 130 million tons of America's trash ends up in landfills.
        The  engineers and inventors at STARTECH have for over a decade been producing and refining this revolutionary Plasma Technology, and now are ready to implement this breakthrough environmental process, a process which reaches three times the temperature  of the sun and all the competing technologies.
      Among the locations where STARTECH Converters are successfully operating: Connecticut,  Maryland and Japan. Many countries are  interested in the Plasma Converter, including: Dominican Republic, Panama, China, The United Kingdom, Canada, Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Italy, Romania and Venezuela. The first Converter was sold to the U.S. Army to dispose of chemical weapons at the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland. The second Converter is working in Japan, disposing of PCB's.  Several others are under construction in Europe. There is a LIVE demonstration unit in Connecticut. For more information, contact us!
      The U.S. Department Of Energy (D.O.E.) is one of many sources with multiple independent reviews and articles of the Startech Plasma Converter System. D.O.E. STARTECH LINKS»     See more on the LINKS page.
 
Plasma Converter System in Action
Winner of the Wall Street Journal's Technology Innovation Award:
"The Best and the Brightest" 2004
        Our challenge is to change the way the world re-uses and employs most discarded materials. What  now is called waste actually will become  a limitless, renewable resource. The array of products and services emanating from STARTECH'S core Plasma Converter™ technology, will bring about the large-scale generation  of valuable fossil fuel alternatives, pure water and clean, useful solids.
      We have created a paradigm shift in environmental dynamics by eliminating toxic and non-toxic waste and greenhouse gasses on the one hand, and  simultaneously generating green power and pure water. The accessibility to this will be implemented through the use of STARTECH'S enhanced business model which provides for joint development projects, engineering services, and direct equipment sales with after-sales support and service.
      The application of this technology for industries dealing with pollution and hazardous waste products, or municipalities struggling with landfill, water shortages and energy issues will truly be transformational.
 
A Look Inside
       With a look inside the Plasma Converter, we would see a blinding 30,000+°F Plasma Arc. Almost instantly it converts the various solid or liquid waste pouring into the "Container Vessel" into just 3 products:
      • The molten, orange "Melt" of silicates and metals
      • The           clean "Plasma Converted" Gasses, "PCG'S"
      • Clean Surplus Energy
       The PCG's are 100% captured and are rich in Hydrogen and other useful, clean-burning fuels. The Melt flows through an outlet and goes through the cooling, steam turbine array. It then becomes a safe, highly compacted and inert obsidian-like substance, rich in minerals and metals. This revolutionary system will basically  convert almost any solid, liquid or even gaseous waste, toxic or non-toxic, into clean, valuable commodity products.
       This system can convert hundreds of tons per day of  waste into vast amounts of: Surplus electricity, Pure water (from salt water), Useful, clean minerals and metals, Hydrogen and other gasses, with Zero Pollution & Zero Greenhouse gasses!!
 
       The solids are highly useful in a wide variety of applications, including: paving, construction, abrasives, and metal fabrication. The PCG'S are further filtered to separate the Hydrogen from the Synth-Gas, and all can be sold or used to generate clean power.
