Create artwork from 75% repurposed/reclaimed materials.
Intake  and  Registration*:
Saturday, August 11th at Art Serve from 10am-2pm
*Early Registration at Trash to Treasure Creative Reuse Center, 1100 NW 53rd Street, Fort Lauderdale, 33309 or register now online HERE .
Registration Fee:
Trash to Treasure Adult Members - $25 for up to 3 pieces. Member children $15.
Other adult participants $50
$5 Discount for early registration up to August 4th
Juried Exhibition and Cash Prizes:
$200 Professional Adult, $100 Amateur Adult, $50 student categories: k-5 grade, 6-8 grade, 9-12 grade. People's Choice Award, Gift Certificate to Le Bistro
Reception: Thursday August 16th from 6-8pm
If you love imagination, recycling, reusing, repurposing, reconnecting & being reinvigorated by life, love and fun,             don't miss this evening gala ~ OPEN TO THE PUBLIC.             Complimentary refreshments, live music & Chinese Auction
Need a clever gift? A gift that teaches, is fun, but is inexpensive?
Check out T2T's latest brainchild,TINY TREASURES.
Designed to stimulate imaginative play while teaching the value of resources and appreciating what is in our “own backyard”, Tiny Treasures also helps parents and educators discover simple ways to support excellent skill development and environmental awareness in kids.    From the tiniest piece of scrap ribbon to rethinking play with recognizable toy pieces, Tiny Treasures ideally engages kids ages 5 to 12 years. Make a 3-d picture, a mobile, build a bridge, a tower, a mini world, explore textures and colors together, or make up your own story. Adults can use TINY TRESURES to play and teach younger children basic shapes, colors, contrasts ~ light/dark, rough/smooth , hard/soft etc.~ , sorting, and storytelling.    Each treasure tube is unique and comes with a parent guide. Kits challenge kids to create without scissors and glue helping to develop problem-solving skills. Or go ahead and add scissors, glue, colors and create a more permanent masterpiece. Just remind your young Picasso/O’Keefe/Einstein to look in the world around them for new “scappy” treasures to add to their tube.    You will want to play along, but hey, remember to give the kid some space…at these prices, you can buy your own tube!
1 Tube, $3
3 or more, $2 each
 
Caution! May contain small pieces, please chose age appropriate Tubes and use adult supervision when necessary. 
Help us raise money for our non-profit  by clicking above link to purchase used books!
TRASH 2 ART 2011 was a SUCCESS!
Congratulations to all those who entered!
GREAT JOB!
Artwork was created out of at least 75% scrap materials
Thanks to Johnny our awesome volunteer for taking these photos!
Trash to Treasure is a dropoff location for styrofoam recycling
Residents, commercial businesses, government offices and other institutions are welcome to deliver styrofoam to us for recycling.
We are very excited that this opportunity has finally come to Broward County. Please help us spread the word!
T2T teams with Broward College to expand TerraCycle program
To increase the amount of materials  upcycled  by  TerraCycle  ,  Trash to Treasure  is partnering with  Broward College  to collect ALL of TerraCycle's program materials.  College students earning service hours will sort and prepare materials for shipping to TerraCycle.    TerraCycle pays nonprofits for materials collected.  All revenue will go to the  Michelle Lawless Scholarship Fund . The Fund provides scholarships to females pursuing an Environmental Science A.A.
MORE ITEMS NOW ACCEPTED! Click HERE for the  list.  
You can bring the materials to Trash to Treasure during our Creative Reuse Center hours.  If you have any questions, email T2T friend  Jarrod Hersh  .  He works at BC and is coordinating the program over there.
Thanks for supporting reuse and recycling!
Trash to Treasure is working with Burners Without Borders and Renmen Foundation to help our Haitian neighbors! We are collecting supplies to be shipped over. Please drop off any donations at our T2T warehouse during normal business hours. Here is a partial list of what is needed: tents; tarps; antibiotics; pain medication such as aspirin, tylenol, and ibuprofin; baby formula; bottles; nipples; rubber gloves; masks; seeds(preferable hot weather vegetable seeds); a vehicle; a trailer; a backhoe or bobcat; tools such as cement mixer, welder,   gas powered demo saw ,Cutting torch, Jackhammer; and office supplies. Click here for a complete list.
We are working with Renmen Foundation to help rebuild their orphanage.
Watch this video to see the great things that are being done with the your donations to Trash to Treasure!
 
Click here for a printable PDF!
Our extended hours are over, but we still have tons of supplies! Lets ALL help close the recycling loop by purchasing used whenever possible. Trash to Treasure is overflowing with wonderful supplies for teachers & students. We have pencils, markers, pens,  paper, binders, folders, paint, crayons, pastels, large colorful bulletin board paper, fabric, playkits, a lending library, and tons of craft ideas.
Raise money for Trash to Treasure just by searching the web and shopping online!
 
