15.70
processed by: Bureau of Export Trade Promotion (primary source: National    Statistic office [NSO])
The Philippines total value of imports    in 2000 was 20,655,270,479 in US dollars and 20,499,139,412 dollars in 2001.    Some waste imports are significantly large compared to other products, such    as waste & scrap of other paper or paperboard (table 5) and nickel waste & scrap (table 6).
As you can see, exporters vary from    all over the world, such as Japan, other Asian nations, USA, and EU. The quantity    of products are also different among countries and years. It is not accurate    to attempt making any tendency of the Philippines imports of waste and anticipating    the products or quantity of them.
Domestic Problems
Domestic waste disposal in Japan    is also a critical issues which some kind of solution should be provided as    soon as possible. Minamata disease which was the result of mercury pollution    is one of the most severe pollution diseases which still the victims are suffered. [Minamata    disease]
According to the article in Time    Asia, there is a plastic-waste compacting plant in Suginami, a Tokyo suburb,    and this plant exposes toxic chemicals to the residential area where about 400    people live. The people who live near the waste station started to complain about health problems such as chest pain, headache, and dizziness since the    waste station started to work. Several surveys by Tokyo city discovered more    than 90 toxic substances around the site, including dioxin. However, there is    no future plan to stop this waste station because of a cost management.
Suginami    is not the only site where these kinds of pollution problem occurs. Hinodecho,    an hours' ride west of Tokyo, used to be a quiet village with rich nature, but    it turned into a battlefield once a dump site was opened. The garbage trucks    brought 1.2 million tons of garbage and industrial waste from Tokyo and its    suburban area every day. Soon the dump site in Hinodecho was filled with garbage,    and a new plan to build another site next to Hinodecho had emerged. During the    time, it was reported that 271 people died of cancer in less than a decade around    Hinodecho, which is four times of national average.
 
Japanese Domestic Waste    Regulations
Finally, after many complaints of    health problems from the neighborhoods of each dumping site, the Japanese government    started research and recognized the terrible reality of garbage dumping.
On October In 1999, the revised law    of waste management was enforced. One of the most remarkable amendments was    the revised manifest. The manifest is a form that a generator has to fill out,    and the end-facility such as the owner of landfill has to send back to the generator    a copy of a document which shows how the waste has been dealt with. It also    requests to show the place where the waste goes and the date when the waste    is deposed. Then a generator has to report the document to a governor within    10 days after the date of disposal. With this revised manifest system, a generator    has a responsibility to make sure that the waste is disposed appropriately.    It prevents any facilities, generators, and transporter from dumping waste illegally.    This manifest system should be applied not only hazardous waste but also any    kind of industrial waste.
On the other hand, it is true that    such strict regulations would impose unnecessary burden to honest and respectable    recycling centers in Japan. According to the Health and Welfare Ministry, there    are about 124,830 recycling centers in Japan. They need to be licensed to deal    with residential waste, industrial waste, and toxic waste. One of the employers    of a recycling center in Tochigi, suburban area of Tokyo, admits the idleness    of the government and says that the government should handle waste management    more accurately based on the reality.
Also he has concerns that strict    regulations would cause more illegal dumping both domestically and internationally    because some facilities may not be able to afford these strict regulations and    landfill costs which are getting more expensive. He insists that the government    should have more accurate knowledge of the reality of garbage in this modern    world and provide practical regulations.
For    example, a television set ends up going to a landfill because they can not separate    a tube and its cover. If they could separate them, then this waste could be    recycled. Therefore, some manufacturing techniques should be reviewed in terms    of environmentally sound manners.
It is also concerned that the Japanese    domestic regulations of waste would promote more waste exports abroad where    the waste regulations are less strict. In addition, there are plans to support    some Asian nations financially to build incinerators so that Japan can export    more garbage to these nations. Japan has been blamed for covering Thai incinerator purchases by greenpeacers. This is the case that Japan    has been providing financial and technical support to Thailand to build incinerators.    Greenpeace reports that Japan provided 117,562 million yens (about 1,180 millions    in US$) for Thailand as economic developing loans, and it blames that this long-term,    low interest loan has been leveraged and led more waste import from Japan. There    is one incinerator in Thailand which a Japanese steel company, NKK, supported    technically and financially to build. This incinerator is capable to deal with    about 140 tons of waste. However, according to the Thailand government, the    area around the incinerator generates about 70 tons a day. Therefore, ironically    the incinerator needs more waste to make full use, which leads more import of    waste from domestic and international.
The Basel Ban regulates any transboundary    movement of hazardous wastes internationally, especially from OECD to non-OECD    countries. The Japanese waste management law regulates residential and industrial    waste. It is true that both regulations contribute to environmentally sound    manners. However, it may not be enough in terms of reducing or generating garbage    and increasing the rate of recycling. It would be impossible to do so effectively    without reviewing manufacturing techniques. Also the segregated disposal would    be one of the initially critical steps in ensuring a sound environmental future    for Japan and the developing countries that receive waste.
Over all, Japan has been generating    a lot of garbage and having trouble of getting rid of wastes. Even though the    Japanese government provides strict regulations of waste, sometimes they would    be a burden to respectable recycling companies. It is possible that these strict    regulations would promote more illegal disposal by recycling centers who can    not afford to manage wastes legally. As a result, they may have to export more    waste abroad where the regulations are less strict and the cost are lower. On    the other hand, it is a fact that non-OECD nations import waste because of financial    issues. Sometimes waste could be an important import item for non-OECD countries    especially when a nation builds an incinerator because they want to take full    advantage of it. As a result, the environmental issue might be secondary.
 
Basel historical review of the Basel    Ban
Basmex The Basel Ban and Mexico case
Camwaste illegal dumping from Taiwan to Cambodia
Khain US dumps toxic waste in the Kahain Sea
Auswaste The Basel Ban and Australia
Oauwaste Africa and toxic waste dumping
Polwaste Poland and toxic trade
Taiwgar Taiwan and toxic waste
 
