Subscribe to wiseGEEK
Learn something new every day More Info... by email
Household garbage accumulates at a fast rate, especially in the kitchen. Bags fill up quickly and must be taken out at frequent intervals, which is a chore in itself. A trash compactor is a household appliance that helps minimize the frequency of trash removal. Installed under a kitchen counter, a trash compactor is a trash can that can be turned on to compact trash in the bag, which creates more space and thus holds more than traditional kitchen trash cans.
A trash compactor has a motor inside that operates a press, which lowers into the trash receptacle, compacts the trash, and then raises back up. Trash compactors use specially designed trash compactor bags . Both paper and plastic compactor bags are available, with the paper bags having a protective lining and the plastic bags being a durable, multi-ply plastic. Trash compactor bags cost more than typical kitchen trash bags, but are changed less frequently.
Trash compactors have several advantages, but a few disadvantages. The appliance does reduce the frequency of trash removal because they do not require emptying as frequently as traditional cans. Trash compactors handle cumbersome cardboard boxes from prepackaged food nicely and keep paper products well under control. However, glass bottles and jars should not be placed in a trash compactor because they can shatter under the weight of the compactor, posing a potential hazard. It is also not wise to place many table scraps or food in a trash compactor because they are removed less frequently allowing time for odors to build up in the kitchen.
A trash compactor eliminates overflowing outdoor garbage cans and reduces the frequency of trips outdoors, making it an ideal appliance for elderly households. The use of a trash compactor can encourage recycling of glass and less waste of food. Most any appliance retailer sells trash compactors and they install easily directly beneath a kitchen counter top, usually near the oven or other direct source of power. Many people find that trash compactors are appliances well worth the investment simply due to the reduction of space needed for outgoing household garbage.
Related Videos
