Sorting Your Waste: What Goes Where – 11 in x 17 in (PDF, 164 KB)
Basics of the Curbside Recycling Program
Collection
All of San Jose's garbage and recyclables are collected by automated trucks which lift heavy carts and bins with mechanical arms or lifters. When the trucks are full, drivers take garbage to a landfill, recyclables to a materials recovery facility (MRF) for sorting, and yard trimmings to a composting facility.
At single family homes, hauling companies may choose to collect garbage and recyclables in separate trucks or in a single split-body truck that has a divider to keep garbage and recyclables separate. Regardless of the collection method, garbage and recycling materials are never mixed in the trucks, or at the facilities they are taken to. Please continue to keep materials separate in your garbage and recycling carts.
Apartments and condominiums have variable collection schedules due to the type and number of containers. At these sites, garbage and recycling will always be collected in separate vehicles, and often on different days of the week.
Return to top
Sorting
At the MRF, a system of belts, screens, electromagnets, and blasts of air separate paper, plastics, glass, aluminum, and other materials.
While much of the system is automated, workers help separate certain materials by hand. Remembering to dispose of your recyclables correctly helps protect these workers' health and safety (e.g., do not place needles, chemicals, or propane tanks in the recycling cart). Bales and bins of sorted materials are then taken to processing facilities before being sold as resources for new products.
Return to top
Extra Garbage
Place extra garbage in a 32-gallon plastic garbage bag labeled with an Extra Garbage Sticker on the curb near the garbage cart. You may buy Extra Garbage Stickers for $6.25 at all libraries, Save Mart, Lucky, and Safeway stores in San José or at the Customer Service Center on the first floor of San José City Hall. A portion of the sticker sales at San José libraries supports library programs.
Your garbage cart lid must be completely closed when you set out your cart at curbside for collection. Otherwise, your garbage may not be collected.
Return to top
Extra Recyclables
In San José, collection of recyclables is unlimited. However, the lid of your recycling cart must be closed when you set your cart out at curbside for collection. Place extra recyclables in paper bags or clear plastic bags on the curb near the recycling cart.
