1-10-11
 
Have you seen the new Kashi commercials claiming Kashi     cereal has as much protein as an egg?   Some of you might already know     my feelings with regard to sociopaths who use "half-truths" to     sell their product or further their egregious agenda... consequently this     latest insult has me pretty much in freakin' lunar trajectory!
 
If you look at the long list of yummy sounding, "natural" ingredients in Kashi GO LEAN, you might get that old hippy-dippy, "seeds & nuts", lets-hold-hands-and-sing-a-"Kum Ba Yah"...     feeling.
This is, mind you, only if you don't know or understand     that once you "Process" all this crap into a "cereal" you have just another high glycemic, hi-gluten, hi-carb, insulin-spiking,     sugary abomination that tastes great, you know, so people feel really good     about buying into the lie that this is actually a health food.
Nothing could be further than the truth.
 
No folks, Kashi is just more over-processed refined carbs     masquerading as a real-meal.  If you're in a "21st Century" hurry     and double down feeding it to your small children, you might be able to     induce Type-2 Adult-onset Diabetes before they are actually adults!  That's     right; trust me, it happens all the time-when 50 years ago it was unheard     of!
 
It remains... the thing I really want to take issue with     is the ridiculous assertion that-gram for gram-highly denatured Soy Protein     Concentrate is somehow just as nutritious as Egg protein!  Stuff and nonsense!      Apart from being wrong on so many levels it buggers imagination, this     dietary mendaciousness is so silly and misleading that I am sputtering...     compelled, even, to launch into dropped F-bombs and one well provoked name-calling     tirade!
 
OK-deep breath-I'm alright.  If I start swearing the     bad guys win... so lets look at just a few of Soy Protein's many shortfalls:
 
1) Phytates & Oxalates -  These bind to minerals     like Calcium & especially Zinc.  Many veggies & grains contain     varying degrees of P&O, but Soy is likely the highest... followed closely     by grains. And yes, even spinach... Sorry Popeye, but 95% of the Calcium     in spinach is bound to Oxalates, thus unusable.  Where spinach is at 95%,     Soy has the dubious distinction of binding with 100% of its Calcium, and     then going out looking for more!
 
2) Trypsin inhibitors ­ These block the absorption     of protein by inhibiting the enzyme Trypsin.  These inhibitors are very     high in raw Soy so this is why virtually all these soy products are highly     cooked & denatured, and why Soy Oil must be refined.  Unfortunately     cooking doesn't destroy all the Inhibitor, which can lead-supposedly-to     an enlarged pancreas and cancer!
 
3) Phytoestrogen - Folks, 90% (that's a guess) of the     population doesn't need more estrogen, estrogen-mimics, or Xeno-Estrogens     that already clutter their lives.  This is, of course, unless you like     Eric Cartman man-boobs (moobs) on your big-boned, "Hey... not fat," male off-spring... then double down on the stuff, eh?
 
4) Amino-Acid Profile - Soy is a "Complete" protein with all 11 essential amino-acids but like many veggie proteins     it is weak due to low methionine.
 
Actually, we could continue this list but hey... why     pile on?   Face it... Soy protein is unadulterated garbage!  Now let's     look at the Egg.
 
The Egg is likely Mother-Nature's most extraordinarily     perfect food, which kinda figures, eh?  Life would likely begin in a packet     of perfect food...
 
1) It is the "Gold-Standard" for highly digestible     complete proteins with very, very high levels of all 11 essential amino-acids.      Egg protein is even superior and more highly digestible than fish protein.
 
2) If you can refrain from cooking the egg-yolk to death     it contains the 2 very powerful Omega-3's (EPA &DHA), like that which     is found in cold-water fish.  The 2 best ways to avoid destroying the delicate     Omega fats is to soft poach the eggs or even better is to separate the     white & yolk...soft scramble the whites in butter or olive oil to destroy     the nasty glycoprotein that binds to the B vitamin, Biotin - then mix the     raw yolk back into the cooked whites after they cool down some (again,     so as not to hurt the Omega-3's).
 
3) Cholesterol - I swear, if you try to tell me undamaged     cholesterol in FRESH egg yolks is bad for you, I'm afraid I will have to     scream.  Anyway, undamaged cholesterol is one of the most healthful, multifaceted,     necessary nutrients that we consume.
Contrarily, on the other hand, if you consume lots of     arterial inflammation causing sugar & refined carbs (like Kashi by     the way) and lots of highly processed, DAMAGED, OXIDIZED cholesterol like     that found in bacon or hundreds of other processed foods secretly containing     highly oxidized powdered milk & powdered eggs... then have a "Happy     Heart Attack," eh?
 
Many MD's, like NPR's hugely uninformed Dr. Zorba Pasture,     continue to rail against Saturated Fat & Cholesterol when all the latest     creditable research shows that decades of this crazy "Low-Fat, No-Fat" crap has resulted in old folks suffering the unintended consequences of     MORE heart disease from TransFat in margarine and over-amped insulin from     Hi-carb cereals, instead of the butter and eggs our Grandparents ate.      Also effecting mostly the elderly: not enough good fats, the dearth of     which causes cataracts and eye disease while contributing to joint problems,     dementia, and thyroid disease!
 
Years ago when I was a self taught "Grand-Master" of cooking with Soy & Tofu, my cholesterol was 260 (which may or may     not be considered high) & my "good" cholesterol (HDL) was     a sickly 30.
 
After I saw the light and stopped eating Soy & refined     carbs and started eating 4 to 6 poached eggs every day, my cholesterol     dropped to 190 & my HDL climbed to 50!  Undamaged dietary cholesterol     has almost no effect on your total serum cholesterol but refined hi-carb     foods have a tremendous negative effect on your cholesterol.  If you try     to convince MD's of this, it will cause their Tweety-bird heads to implode.       Recall that, Eskimos eating high satfat & cholesterol diets have     the lowest percentage of heart disease on the planet, but a thin Marathon     runner who eats textured Soy burgers, Soy Vegetable Oil, Sugar & refined     carbs (even with normal cholesterol) can easily die of a blocked artery.      How's that for a little of the old irony?
 
Of course 75% of the stuff clogging his artery is Oxidized     Polyunsat Omega-6, Linoleic Acid (LA) from the Soy Vegetable Oil... NOT     from Cholesterol.  See how that works?
 
Anyway Folks, even after reading this some of you will     continue to give this crap to your kids while trying to convince yourself     it's a health food just because cereal is convenient... yeah, throwing     some crappy cereal on the table is certainly easier than poaching eggs.
 
For Vegetarians who don't eat eggs, instead of an insulin     causing, hi-carb cereal can I recommend a powdered Hemp &/or Pea Protein     Smoothie with banana &/or small dark berries.  Write me for the recipe.     Also, crazy as this sounds, blend one of Mother-Natures most perfect foods     into your Smoothie...a ripe Avocado.   Bananas & berries blended with     Avocado create real synergy.
 
FYI - Hemp & Pea Protein are very digestible & have NONE of the negative characteristics associated with Soy protein.
 
Closing, if you insist on eating cereal, at least get     one that is Gluten-Free, TransFat-Free & Sugar-Free; however, if you     let your kids eat "Fruit Loops" & "Frosted Mini Wheats"-Cartman's "Snacky Cakes and Cheesy Poofs"-then you run the risk of creating     an Insulin-Resistant, fat, and slow-witted little monster who will live     in your basement forever in front of a video game and never kiss a girl.
Really, good luck with that!
 
