I’m honestly annoyed with idiots like “cgarvin”. Please, do NOT post if you have no clue what you are talking about, your personal opinion is not a fact, it is your opinion, so please, do not spread lies/half-truths here.
1. “It uses an tremendous amount of energy to create the plasma arc and rarely energy balances. ”
I assume your basing this comment on your many years in the industry? No? How about your vast piles of data and research you’ve poured through…no? really? how about a single article or piece of data??? NO?! So you’ve never heard of this technology before and automatically assumed it is a failure… good to know.
Well, how about my personal opinion/fact. This device, which creates the ‘plasma arc’ as it’s commonly known, WILL produce more energy then it takes to run it. Why is my opinion fact and yours utter non-sense? Because mine is based on fact. Please note in this article it says that this will be the first such station in the ‘United States’, not the world. Ottawa, Ontario, Canada (where I use to live not to long ago) has a small scale version up and running, it only does 200 tonnes a day, but it manages to produce more energy then it uses. Japan also has plasma arc technology, although their pilot facilities only burned through 166 tonnes a day, and they did fail to produce more energy then they used. Does this mean the technology is unviable like cgravin claims? No, not even a little. Small-scale plants are not as effecient as large scale plants. They need to produce the same strength plasma arc as a large scale plant, so putting through a small amount of trash is not the smartest design, hence why these are pilot facilities that serve as a proof of concept. They were build yearrssss ago, late 1990′s if memory serves. There have been a lot of advancements in the technology since then, otherwise no one would be investing in these facilities! Yes, there is empirical evidence to back this up.
2. “Pulverizing trash releases heavy metals into the atmosphere that leads to our rivers, streams, and aquifers.”
And where did you dig up this gem? So dumping all of our trash into big piles on the ground (trash yards) is better for the environment? Hell, let’s just throw it in the lake while we’re at it! Or the ocean! No, Plasma Arc breaks down trash…not pulverize it in the sense where you crush it. How many things have you run through at 10k degrees? Not much I’d imagine, the fact is, most of it is incinerated and there is almost no by-product.
Also, next time, BEFORE you post, READ the article, not just the title.
“Plasma Gasification plants generate much less emissions than standard waste incineration plants,”
So, the article has even stated that we’ll be putting LESS emissions into the air…and where are you getting this we’ll be putting more into the air? Cause that’s not how I read this. But then again, I’m reading it in English, not make believe.
Edwin made a nice point here, recyclable materials and heavy metals can be removed from the trash entering the plasma arc…the plasma arc runs most effectively on organic matter anyway…
So, I hope this has dis-spelled any idiocy that Cgravin has attempted to disseminate, I sincerely apologize for his comments to everyone who reads this and I whole-heartedly support implementing an minimum IQ requirement to post from now on so that we no longer have to listen to uneducated prattle that undermines important advancements in renewable/sustainable technologies such as this.
Thank you.
