setting between feed roller and beater
production rate of individual machine
production rate of the entire line
thickness of the feed web
density of the feed web
fibre micronaire
size of the flocks in the feed
type of clothing  of the beater
point density of clothing
type of grid and grid settings
air flow through the grid
position of the machine in the sequence
amount of trash in the material
type of trash in the material
temp and relative humidity in the blow room department
PREOPENING:
Effective preopening results in smaller tuft sizes, thus      creating a large surface area for easy  and efficient      removal of trash particles by the fine openers.
If MBO (Rieter) or  BOW ( Trutzschler) type of machine      is used as a first machine
the tuft size in the mixing should be as small as       possible. Normally it should be less than 10 grams
since this machine does not take care of long term       blending, mixing should be done properly to maintain the       homogenous blending
the inclined lattice speed and the setting between       inclined lattice and clearer roller decides the production       of the machine
the setting between inclined lattice and clearer roller       decides the quality of the tuft
if  the setting is too close, the tuft size will be       small, but the neps in the cotton will be increased due to  repeated action of the  inclined lattice pins on       cotton.
the clearance should be decided  first to confirm       the quality, then inclined lattice speed can be decided       according to the   production required
the setting of inclined lattice depends upon the fibre       density, fibre micronaire and the tuft size fed. If smaller       tuft is fed to the feeding conveyor, the fibre tufts will       not be recycled many times, hence the neps will be less.
if the machine is with beater, it is advisable to use       only disc type beater. Saw tooth and Pinned beaters should       not be used in this machine, becasue the fibre  damage       at this stage will be very high and heavier trash particles       will be broken in to small pieces.
the beater  speed  should be around 500 to 800       rpm depending upon the rawmaterial. Coarser the fibre,  higher the speed
the setting between feed roller to beater should be       around 4 to 7 mm
this machine is not meant to remove trash ,  hence       the fibre loss should also be less
trash removal in this machine will result in breaking the       seeds, which is very difficult to remove
It is easier to remove the bigger trash than the smaller       trash, therefore enough care should be taken to avoid       breaking the trash particles
this machine is  just to open the tufts into small       sizes so that cleaning becomes easier in the next machines.
the fibre tuft size from this  machine should be  preferably around 100 to 200 milligrams.
If tuft size is  small, removing trash particles       becomes easier , because of large surface area
 
