Junk Mail
Where do all of the CLEAR bags go?
Items in clear bags will be taken from the bins and deposited into outside BLUE dumpsters.
What can I deposit directly into an outside blue dumpster?
The blue dumpsters on campus are for the following:
-Clear bagged beverage containers made of aluminum, tin, glass. Or plastic beverage containers marked 1 thru 7.  They can all be co-mingled.
-Clear bagged paper products as listed above.
-Loose paper products as listed above
-Loose cardboard, but it must be flattened.
The recycling hauler will segregate the bagged co-mingled material from the paper products.
Some blue hoppers may even have segregation ports.
DO NOT PUT ANY DARK BAGS INTO THE BLUE DUMPSTERS.
Where do the recyclables go?
Philadelphia University currently contracts with JP Mascaro for recycling and trash hauling.
Here is a link to their recycling facility
What items can NOT be recycled?
Thermal FAX paper
Food packages or Pizza boxes
Red Bag waste
What goes into card board compactors?
Cardboard ONLY (Please note that these compactors can be operated by qualified personnel ONLY)
How does leaf and yard waste get recycled?
Philadelphia University’s grounds crew and grounds subcontractors collect all leaf and yard waste in a staging area at the rear of the Ravenhill Campus. This material is then segregated into special roll-off containers collected by our waste hauler, who takes them to an off campus processing facility. 
What happens to the yard waste?
Philadelphia University also contracts with JP Mascaro for this recycling endeavor. They process and combine it with other material such as pre-processed sewage sludge to make high quality compost.
Here is a link to their compost recycling operation:
 
How does cooking oil get recycled?
Dining Service collects all cooking oil into special double walled containers that are located behind each dining facility. This oil is then collected by a specialty firm for purification and re-processing.
What happens to the cooking oil?
The company Philadelphia University currently uses to reprocess cooking oil is “Greaseland”. Here is a link to their company information:
What goes into the outside GREEN dumpsters?
Trash ONLY ! Trash should be contained in black bags.
What goes into the GREEN Trash compactors?
Trash. Philadelphia University precompacts the majority of its trash that is collected by the staffs of Housekeeping and Dining Service. These departments have trained personnel to operate the trash compactors. By doing this, required landfill space is minimized.
How do I request a recycle container for a certain area?
Please utilize our work order system at the following link:
http://plantreq.philau.edu/home.html
What happens when trash or food is disposed in a recycling bin or container?
This is the largest hindrance to recycling. This wastes the effort of the many people who are environmentally conscious. The entire contents need to be removed and rebagged as garbage now that the recyclables are considered tainted.
Why doesn't Philadelphia       University have exterior recycling receptacles?
The University continues the observed model of Fairmount       Park onto our campus which places convenient trash       containers throughout the grounds and provides recycling       containers at points of destination. This policy reduces       clutter, cross contamination, and focuses on the greater       environmental priority which is to reduce litter that could       make its way into the environment and especially the       Wissahickon watershed. We encourage all to use the available       exterior refuse and smoking receptacles appropriately and       further ask environmentally conscious people to recycle at       the nearest building site.
How much does Philadelphia University recycle?
We recycle tons! Please click on the following link for current statistics: http://philau.edu/plant/statistics.html
Whom should I contact if I have any questions?
Please  send an email to Kim Piechuta, Assistant Director of Physical Plant piechutak@philau.edu .
Click on one of the links to the left to learn more about recycling at Philadelphia University and what you can do to make our various programs successful!
Send e-mail to Physical Plant: plant@PhilaU.edu  
