A
Claire Kowalick/Times Record News   Bits of paper, wood and other organic material fly out of a processing machine Wednesday at the city landfill's composting area.
The composting area is seen Wednesday at the city landfill. Sanitation Superintendent David Lehfeldt said the process takes about two months from intake to usable compost.
Claire Kowalick/Times Record News   A small pile of crushed recycled glass is seen Wednesday at the city landfill. New glass recycling bins will be at all the city fire stations.
A city sanitation truck picks up a green curbside recycling cart Wednesday. The $3 fee for using the carts goes to gas and maintenance for the sanitation trucks, and employee salaries.
photos by Claire Kowalick/Times Record News A machine spits out mulched organic material Wednesday at the compost area of the city landfill. The landfill produces 20,000 tons of compost each year.
Claire Kowalick/Times Record News   Organic matter is loaded into a mulcher as a first step toward creating compost at the city landfill.
Christopher Walker/Times Record News   A blue glass recycling bin is seen Wednesday. The Wichita Falls Sanitation Division will be providing glass bins, along with the white paper bins, at all city fire stations.
Rolling hills covered with tall green grass blowing in the wind is not most people's vision when they think of a landfill.
Wichita Falls Sanitation Supervisor David Lehfeldt said this is possible at the city's landfill in large part because of the compost produced there.
The city has concentrated on compost through the curbside green bin program, newspaper and glass recycling with several bins throughout town, including a recent addition of glass bins at all fire stations.
Lehfeldt said about 25 percent of residents participate in the green bin program, a drop from when they first started.
"Use (of the bins) climbed until we added the $3 fee, then it dropped. But we can't do it for free, our suppliers like to be paid," he said.
The 10 cents a day goes toward gas and maintenance for vehicles, and paying employees, Lehfeldt said.
Lehfeldt said the landfill takes in 500-700 tons of waste each day and is able to produce 20,000 tons of compost each year from part of this waste.
Organic waste makes up 60 percent of daily trash and consumes most of the landfill space.
The landfill and the city's parks
department are the biggest consumers of the compost. It also is available free twice a year for residents who have a green bin.
Aside from the legal requirements that they cover waste and grow grass on top, Lehfeldt said it looks more attractive and the wildlife appreciate it.
"We process it locally and that creates jobs locally," Lehfeldt said.
He said he thinks many people don't understand what is available and why composting is so important.
Organic matter creates methane greenhouse gas in the landfill, so by removing that material and turning it into compost, methane is reduced.
The glass collected at bins around town is crushed at the transfer station and taken to the landfill to be used as sand for various city uses.
While it is nearly impossible to track how many people use the recycling bins in town, seven years of glass recycling has only produced a very small pile in the landfill.
Lehfeldt said they don't have a use for the glass turned sand, but they keep it in case it's needed for the future.
Frequent recyclers also may have noticed the orange single-stream IESI recycling bins that have popped up around town.
Single stream means that most materials, including plastics, glass and paper can be put into one bin and sorted for processing at a material recovery facility, which is in McKinney.
Mike Yeager with IESI said the company is proud to begin using the bins in the Wichita County area.
Sheppard and Altus Air Force bases were first to show a demand for single-stream recycling, Yeager said.
He said they began by taking four to eight tons from the two bases each month. They now are able to collect 100 to 110 tons of materials from the Wichita County area each month. Yeager said their long-term goal is to have a processing facility in Wichita Falls.
While this is a positive step in recycling, Lehfeldt said the focus still should be on reducing carbon footprint and focusing on materials that are processed in town.
He said often after the drive to the processing plant and the steps necessary to transform a recycled item into another item, the benefit to the planet is negligible.
"Composting is good for Wichita Falls and good for the planet. Creating compost keeps more than half of the waste out of the landfill," Lehfeldt said.
Information about recycling facilities and getting a green bin are at the city website at www.wichitafallstx.gov , or by calling the sanitation department at 940-761-7977.
