 
The Plasco Process
The waste conversion process begins with any materials with high reclamation value being removed from the waste stream and collected for recycling. Once these high value products are removed, the municipal solid waste (MSW) is shredded and any remaining materials are removed and sent for recycling.
The MSW stream enters the conversion chamber where the waste is converted into a crude synthetic gas (syngas) using recycled heat. The crude syngas that is produced flows to the refinement chamber where plasma torches are used to refine the gas.
Now refined, the syngas is sent through a Gas Quality Control Suite to remove sulphur, remove acid gases and segregate heavy metals found in the waste stream. The result is a clean, energetic syngas created from the conversion of waste.
The syngas is used to fuel internal combustion engines that efficiently generate electricity. Waste heat recovered from the engines is combined with waste heat recovered from cooling the syngas in a Heat Recovery Steam Generation (HRSG) unit to produce steam. The steam can either be used to generate additional electricity using a turbine ( combined cycle generation ), or it can be used for industrial processes or district heating (cogeneration).
The solid residue from the conversion chamber is sent to a separate high temperature Carbon Recovery Vessel (CRV) equipped with a plasma torch where the solids are melted. Plasma heat is used to stabilize the solids and convert any remaining volatile compounds and fixed carbon into crude syngas. This additional crude syngas is fed back into the conversion chamber. Any remaining solids are then melted into a liquid slag and cooled into small slag pellets. The slag pellets are an inert vitrified residue sold as construction aggregate. Leachability tests have been conducted on slag emerging from the process and have confirmed that the slag does not leach and is non-toxic.
The entire process is continuously monitored by a proprietary control system that ensures sufficient syngas stability to fuel internal combustion engines regardless of the variations in the energy content of the MSW.
 
News Headlines
