Power station
DAVIS, Calif. -- There's a new twist on the old adage, one man's trash is another man's treasure. Now that trash may be another man's power. Researchers in California are turning garbage into bio-gas that may one day provide the electricity in your home.
Trash could soon be powering your home. A new digester can transform it into energy. It uses two strains of bacteria to convert waste into bio-gas. Most digesters store both bacteria in the same tank, which makes the process unpredictable and slow. But not this digester.
"Zhang's process takes the two bacteria and separates them into two separate environments," Dave Konwinski, the director of OnSite Power Systems in Davis, Calif., tells DBIS.
This new and improved digester is the brain child of Biological Engineer Ruihong Zhang. She and her students at UC Davis first built its prototype in the lab. She's thrilled her new technology is being put to use in the real world.
"It's a new technology ... So it's like a child grow into adult," she says.
The digester will turn three tons of food scraps into energy for 25 houses a day. But it's not just for homes. The digester could be especially useful to fuel processing plants. It s scheduled to be up and running this fall. OnSite Power Systems plans to market it in several states in the next couple of years, including California, Wisconsin and Minnesota.
"We can actually scale a digester to fit their current operations, fill it right at their operations, take the waste stream into the digester, and the energy right back into the plant," Konwinski says. "It will make a substantial dent in our current energy requirement for petroleum."
It's a win-win-win situation for the environment, industry and consumers.
BACKGROUND: Environmental engineers at the University of California, Davis, are building a full-scale anaerobic digester that can convert any type of solid organic waste into electricity -- even leftovers from restaurants. The system is part of the $100,000 Sacramento Municipal Utility District (SMUD pilot project), but an even larger digester system is being put into place in San Francisco.
HOW IT WORKS: In the process, food waste is collected from restaurants and institutions and then fed to bacteria that thrive in low-oxygen environments. It's called anaerobic digestion, a naturally occurring process of decomposition. One type of bacteria turns carbohydrates into simple sugars, amino acids and fatty acids. A second group of bacteria eats those compounds and turns them into hydrogen gas, carbon dioxide, and acetic acid -- the primary component of vinegar. Then a third group of bacteria takes those broken-down compounds and turns them into methane and carbon dioxide. Between 60 and 80 percent becomes methane. The methane can be used as fuel for an internal combustion engine that provides electricity.
TYPES OF DIGESTION: Anaerobic digestion is not the same thing as human digestion, since the type of bacteria that produce methane don't live in the human digestive tract. Industrial anaerobic digesters can also harness this natural process to treat waste, provide heat, and increase nutrients in soil. They are most commonly used for sewage treatment and for managing animal waste.
BENEFITS: The goal of SMUD is to obtain 20 percent of its electricity from renewable sources such as wind, solar, and biodegradable matter by 2011. Currently SMUD derives 10 percent of its electricity from renewable sources, of which biomass accounts for 2.5 percent. The UC-Davis digester would keep food and other biodegradable waste out of landfills; food leftovers account for 18 percent of a landfill's contents. One tone of leftover food can produce enough fuel to power 18 homes for one day.
WHAT ARE EXTREMOPHILES? An extremophile is any microbe that thrives in extreme conditions, such as temperature (extreme heat or cold), pressure, salinity, low oxygen environments, or high concentrations of hostile chemicals. Most extremophiles belong to a class known as archaeobacteria, but certain species of worm, crustacean and krill can also be considered extremophiles.
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. , contributed to the information contained in the TV portion of this report.
Note: This story and accompanying video were originally produced for the American Institute of Physics series Discoveries and Breakthroughs in Science by Ivanhoe Broadcast News and are protected by copyright law. All rights reserved.
 
This text will be replaced
Related Stories
New 'Digester' Converts Garbage To Energy (October 12, 2004) — UC Davis bioenvironmental engineer Ruihong Zhang sees a vast untapped resource in lawn clippings, household table scraps and other biodegradable materials: enough energy to keep the lights burning in ...  >  read more
Sweet Smell Of Success: New UF System Helps Dairy Farms Reduce Odors (November 24, 2000) — With hundreds or thousands of cows eating, drinking and, well, doing what cows do naturally, dairy farms have earned a reputation for bad odors. Combine that with urban sprawl that brings city ...  >  read more
Hog Waste Producing Electricity and Carbon Offsets (September 26, 2011) — A pilot waste-to-energy system constructed by Duke University and Duke Energy this week garnered the endorsement of Google Inc., which invests in high-quality carbon offsets from across the nation to ...  >  read more
New Harvesting Approach Boosts Energy Output from Bacteria (April 25, 2012) — A novel energy system increases the amount of energy harvested from microbial fuel cells by more than 70 ...  >  read more
Want To Get Rid Of Trash Quicker? Just Add Water, Study Suggests (January 18, 2001) — Trash in a municipal landfill could decompose nearly 10 to 20 times faster than it normally does through a system that keeps the trash continuously wet, new research ...  >  read more
Number of stories in archives: 44,032
Find with keyword(s):
Enter a keyword or phrase to search ScienceDaily's archives for related news topics,
the latest news stories, reference articles, science videos, images, and books.
 
