Print this article
Biodegradable Trash Bags
Biodegradable trash bags are bags that break down when exposed to certain biological or other natural elements. The bags are made from a number of recycled materials, however, according to biodegradabletrashbags.org, many are comprised mostly of starches. While some biodegradable bags (known as oxo bags) are designed to oxidize and disintegrate after exposure to oxygen, others rely primarily on exposure to the sun. In both cases, when it comes to decomposing, biodegradable bags are best suited to the open-air environment of a landfill.
Compostable Trash Bags
As with biodegradable trash bags, natural and biological forces are responsible for breaking down compostable bags. However, in these instances, decay agents are small organisms, such as worms and bacteria. According to epa.gov, compostable bags are made from organic plastics, which are primarily derived form corn. They are designed to decompose inside compost piles/containers.
Recycled Plastic Trash Bags
According to the Environmental Protection Agency at epa.gov, many plastic trash bags are now manufactured with a percentage of recycled content (the precise amount depends on the specific size, color, thickness and manufacturer of the bag). High-density polyethylene (HDPE), low-density polyethylene (LDPE) and linear low-density polyethylene (LLDPE) are the most commonly used recovered materials in recycled plastic trash bags. According to epa.gov, HDPEs are commonly found in garbage containers, margarine tubs, detergent bottles and milk jugs, while LDPEs are commonly found in film wrap and plastic bags. LLDPEs, due to their relative transparency, durability and flexibility, are commonly used in photographic and motion picture film.
Paper Grocery Bags
Unlike traditional plastic trash bags---and grocery bags---paper bags can be recycled relatively easily. This makes them a great option for eco-friendly trash bags. While perhaps best suited for smaller sized houses and families, paper grocery bags, which are free with purchases at many stores, can also be used as bin liners throughout the home such as in bathrooms and bedrooms.
Related Searches:
