 
    Recycling
ABNOR       Recycling and Cleaning Services -       Recycles pipe thread protectors for many of the major oil       and gas operators.
ALA       Recycling - Recycling consulting       firm and broker specializing in waste paper recycling,       textile waste recycling, plastic recycling, and silver       recovery.
AMIS GmbH - Offers granulators, pulverizers, shredders and other       recycling-machines.
Air Cycle       Corporation - Provider for lamp,       bulb, battery and ballast recycling in the United States.
Alberta Used Oil Management Association - Provides information on recycling used motor oil, used oil       filters and empty plastic oil containers.
Amazon       Environmental, Inc - Providers of       latex paint recycling services.
American Recycler - A monthly       industry newspaper covering salvage and recycling news and       events.
Appertain Corporation - Recyclers       of paper products, wood products, foams, plastics and       sponges.
Appliance Pick Up Service - A       Chicago based recycler of old refrigerators, stoves, washers, dryers, freezers, microwaves, dishwashers, trash       compactors and dehumidifiers.
Baycor       Fibre Tech Inc. - Specializes in       screening, thickening and solids-liquids separation       technology for municipal, industrial and food applications       as well as pulp and paper fibre recovery.
 
Bayshore     Recycling - A DEP Class B recycling     operation, that accepts concrete, asphalt, brick, block, ID-27 and     slag in the northeast.
Benzaco Scientific, Inc. -     Researches, designs and manufactures chemical and equipment     technology for odor control.
Beta Control     Systems - Design and manufacture     hydrochloric and sulfuric acid recovery, pH Neutralization, and heat     recovery systems.
Bethlehem Apparatus Co., Inc. - Provides     fluorescent lamp recycling, mercury recovery and disposal services.
BioTech     International Inc. - Specializes in the     management and recycling of machine coolant and metalworking fluids.
Budget Bin     Hire Melbourne - Australia. Provides waste     skip hire, rubbish removal and waste disposal services in Melbourne.
Bywaters Ltd - Offer waste management and recycling services in London and the     South East of England. Also supply containers and other waste     handling and recycling equipment.
C.C.S. (Cork) Ltd. - Offers     confidential shredding and paper recycling in Ireland.
CPRC Group - Processes waste materials for recycling into road building     materials.
CarpetCycle LLC - USA. Provides solutions for the removal, collection, tear-out     contracting and recycling of post consumer carpet. Includes profile,     services offered, request a quote and contact details.
Carver, Inc. - Offers cleaning, separating, and sifting machines, as well as     recycling solutions for waste recovery, and product purification.
Cellpap India Private Limited - Provides indentation services for steel scrap, wood pulp and     paper.
Century-Board - Converts solid waste into     synthetic building materials such as tile, slate and siding.
Chemrec - Provides a waste     solvent recycling service for acetone, alcohol, and methylene     chloride.
Ciparo BV - The     Netherlands. Independent company, involved in the collection and     shipping of used pulp and paper, plastics, metals and fibers for     recycling purposes in China. Also, suppliers of recycling     technologies. English and Chinese.
Circle Environmental - Oil     absorbent recycling minimizes waste through a patented cleaning     process.
Cleanawater - Sells oil separators, water separators and skimmers.
Cloverdale Fuel - USA. Provides wood waste     recycling services such as transport, disposal and sale of wood     by-products; including sawdust, shavings, hogged fuel, bark mulch,     bark nuggets, mill-ends, wood-chips.
ECS Refining,     Inc. - Environmentally safe recycling of     precious metals, photo processing wastes, and tin and lead residues.
EMIDOI - Provides information on the decommissioning of offshore     installations.
Eastern Bag Connection -     Provides industrial clients with custom bulk bag recycling programs.
Elms Recycling - Recycling     and processing of jedec and ic trays, semiconductors, rejected     components, electronics scrap, computer boards, obsolete electronics     parts, refining of precious metal scrap; collection agent for ic     tray producers
Envi-Geos Nitra - Provide     services in the area of waste management including transport,     disposal and sorting.
Environmental     Packaging International - Specialists in     global environmental packaging and product stewardship requirements.     Services include compliance assessment, customized packaging     databases, fee reporting, and training.
Environmental Recycling Alternatives, Inc. - Offers     services and equipment for recycling of non-harzardous materials.
Envirotec     Plastic Recycling - Offers plastic     recycling technology in The Netherlands.
FORCE - A legislatively funded project that promotes organics recycling     and research in Florida.
Fibres International -     Provides recycling of paper, glass, and aluminum cans, and a     retailer of industry equipment.
Flash Tech     Inc. - Uses high energy light to remove     paint and coatings from aircraft and other equipment without     environmental contamination.
Foam Recycle     Center - Collects and purchases     post-consumer and post-industrial polyurethane flexible foam such as     used carpet pads and furniture cushions.
Forman Metal - Recycling metals, paper, plastics, glass, construction/demolition,     circuit board and computer waste in Wisconsin.
Fost Plus Recycling - Support for recycling of household packaging waste.
Full Circle Recycling -     Offers commercial recycling collection for offices, office buildings     and multi-unit residential buildings.
GWG - Provides CRT recycling services.
Gary     Steacy Dismantling Ltd - Canada. Operates     PCB transformer recycling / incineration facility. Recovers high     grade copper, aluminum and scrap steel as part of metal recycling     programme.
Go-Green Bottle Depot and Recycling - A recycling centre in Vancouver accepting bottles, paint, cans,     and metal.
Green     Waste Recycling - West Yorkshire, UK.     Individual and commercial green waste disposal service offering     garden waste recycling, chipper hire, and waste collection for     individuals, and commercial gardeners.
Hamos GmbH Separations - Supplies     solutions for recycling purposes, including metal detection and     separation as well as plastic sorting.
Harmony     Industries, Inc. - Buys and sells scrap     plastic, rubber and other recyclable materials.
InHouse     Commercial Recyclers - Provides custom     recycling and shredding programs for the office or large company     located in the Bay Area. Materials include paper, cans, glass, and     cardboard.
Industrial Services     of America, Inc. - Performs ferrous,     non-ferrous and fiber recycling, as well as solid waste management     services. (Nasdaq: IDSA).
Intercon Solutions - Recycles surplus and     obsolete electronic equipment.
Iowa Recycling     Association - A non-profit organization     providing a forum to learn about waste management issues.
JACO Environmental - Recycles home appliances.
JR's Appliance - Offers sales, recycling, parts, and refrigerant services.
Kmac Services - Collects, processes and recycles non-hazardous waste.
Knowaste - Personal care product recycling technologies, primarily disposable     diapers. Company profile, services, resources and news.
MDS Prozesstechnik GmbH -     Germany. Design, development and manufacture of membrane, nano- and     ultrafiltration, and reverse osmosis systems and technologies for     industrial waste water recycling. English and German.
Marwol Metals - Offers the buying and selling of ferrous and non-ferrous scrap     metals.
Material Resource Recovery - Operates an environmentally responsible and effective treatment     process for mercaptan odorant wastes and fluorescent light ballasts.
Mayer     Information Technology - Software for     recycling companies.
Mericart - Offers paper pulping, waste transportation, disposal, and tire     recycling. Specialized in recovering and regection of old PC     components and electronic parts. Describes services, company, and     location.
Miller     Recycling Corporation - Full service     recycling company.
Mobius     Technologies - Offers polyurethane foam     recycling plant design, manufacture, sales, construction, and     support.
Monmouthshire     Community Recycling - UK. Not for profit     social enterprise offering a cheap recycling service to businesses     in the Monmouthshire and Forest of Dean area.
NCB     Commodities, Inc. - Processes and markets     paper, plastic, metal and glass recyclables.
Oahu Community     Recycling - Provides a curbside recycle     program that benefits neighborhoods, schools and churches by     donating its recyclables. Located in Hawaii.
Oxford     Recycling - Recycles concrete, asphalt,     rubber tires and wood in Denver, Colorado.
REC - Supplier of balers, shredders, and scrap handling systems.
Recopol - Recycled resin mouldings redeemed from office and home appliances     replace timber and virgin plastic frames in upholstered and outdoor     furniture and garden products.
Rentaskip     Australia - Provides an online skip     (dumpster) booking service. Online marketplace to choose skip     companies. Includes information about waste types, skip types, areas     serviced, FAQ and contact information.
Resource     Recycling, LLC - A privately held company     that custom designs, builds, installs, and operates ash processing     and metal recovery systems specifically for the waste-to-energy     industry.
Result     Technology AG - Provides     environmental-friendly recovery and recycling of waste compounds.
Reverse     Garbage Co-Op - Non-profit co-operative     collecting and selling industrial offcuts and discards creative and     practical reuse. Based in Australia.
R ound2.net - Offers the only vertically integrated, closed-loop, 100% green     compliant electronic recycling solution in the Central United     States. ROUND2 is the final destination for your electronics, so     there are no downstream partners to manage. Our goal is zero     electronics to landfill and we supplement that with full management     of the byproducts of electronics recycling – paper and plastics. We     reduce your costs while maximizing the commodity values of your     end-of-life materials.
S O S     Environmental, Inc. - Provides     environmental remediation solutions including site assessments, soil contamination investigations and ground water contamination     investigations.
SOS Recycling - Services include surplus chemical sales, waste disposal, hazardous     chemical replacement chemistries, cleaning equipment, and virgin lab     chemical sales.
SRS     Engineering Corp. - Offers solvent     distillation systems for a wide range of applications, such as     recycling solvent for reuse in closed loop washer systems.
Scientific     Developments Inc. - Manufacturer of molded     and recycled scrap tire rubber products.
Seewolf Enterprises Ltd. -     Specializes in environmental protection and cleanup services on land     or water including oil spill containment and reclamation of     contaminated soil.
Service Dimensions, Inc. -     Provides computer disposal and recycling services.
Solvent     Recovery Systems - Manufactures a recycler     to recover acetone and other solvents from hazardous waste.
Solvent     Systems International - Offers solvent and     metal recycling, and chemical waste disposal services to foundries     and other industrial customers.
Solway     Recycling - Offers recycling of plastic     waste from agriculture, aquaculture and other industry markets.
Sonepa Plastics Industries, Inc. - Provides recycling and the buying and selling of offgrade     plastics, rubbers and additives.
TCI Incorporated - Offers waste disposal, recycling services and environmentally safe     disposal of PCB and non-PCB contaminated electrical equipment.
The Environment Exchange -     Provides an open and auditable electronic trading facility for PRNS.
The Green Store - Offers organic clothing, natural bedding, solar and wind home     energy systems and alternative health remedies.
The Whitman     Companies, Inc. - Provides environmental     engineering and management services. Based in New Jersey.
Thermo Fluids     Inc. - Provides recycling for used oil,     oily-water, used oil filters, antifreeze, sumps, absorbents, diesel     fuel and other petroleum products.
Transformer     Salvage, Inc. - Provides recycling and     disposal services for scrap and surplus electrical equipment.
VIP International, Inc. -     Specializes in routine and emergency maintenance of sulfuric acid     plant towers and converters.
WastAway Services - Recycles household garbage into a material named Fluff, used as a     growing medium and for construction materials. Overview of process,     products, news, and studies.
Wastecycle - Services include recycling, skip hire, wood waste and waste     reduction and minimization. Features on-line waste savings     calculator.
Wren Oil - Provides recycling and waste management services in Western     Australian.
Batteries
Batrec Industrie AG -      Provides battery disposal services as well as consulting      services on the correct disposal of heavy metal and toxic waste.
Battery Service Centre - Supply repacked and reconditioned batteries for portable      applications including laptop computers, video cameras, power      tools, cell phones and medical equipment.
Battery Solutions Inc. - Provide      battery waste management for government and industrial clients.      Includes services overview and process details .
Brenco Engraving & Battery Repackers - Provides engraving services for badges, indoor and outdoor      signs, plaques and safety signs. Additional services include      repacking of NiCad, NiMHi and lithium battery packs.
Gravita Exim Limited -      Provides solutions for lead-acid battery recycling. Includes      company profile, products and services available as well as      information on environmental guidelines, occupational safety,      and contact details.
Rechargeable Battery Recycling Corporation - Non-profit organization which promotes recycling of      nickel-cadmium (Ni-Cd) rechargeable batteries.
Silver Battery Recycling - Buy all types of silver based batteries such as watch and      military batteries.
Electronics
2trg - Provides      services such as data erasure and recycling on unwanted, old and      obsolete equipment. Located in Cincinnati, Ohio USA.
All Computer Resource, Inc - Based in California, offers used electronics recycling      services to the business community and the public.
American Retroworks Inc. - Vermont-based company providing documented re-use and      recycling services for used electronics.
Auction BDI -      California company that conducts a weekly sealed bid sale of      surplus electronics. Consigned goods are sold to the highest      bidder using an online auction format. Non-marketable      electronics are properly recycled.
Axcess Technology -      Offers electronic and computer scrap recycling and certificates      of recycling for the high-tech industry in Austin, Texas.
BSE-Recycling - BSE-Recycling      provides drop-off and collection services for end of life      computer equipment. Based in Freemont, California.
Beacon Management Inc. - Offers      electronic, computer scrap and precious metal recovery in      California.
Blackmore Computers -      UK company offering computer recycling services.
Blue Star Electronics -      Recycles scrap electronic inventory in CA, CO and MA.
Brass Valley -      Connecticut provider of insured commercial computer recycling      services. Also resells refurbished servers, networking and      storage products.
CRT Monitor Recycling -      CRT recycling and disposal site run by Disabled American      Veterans as a retraining project. Located in California.
CRT Processing Corporation - CRT Processing Corporation is a Wisconsin based company which      specializes in the recycling of used or obsolete computer      monitors, televisions, and other electronic equipment.
CRT Recycling - Massachusetts based      electronics recycling company collects used electronics and      computers from municipalities and across New England.
Cascade Asset Management, LLC - Offers computer and electronic equipment disposition and      recycling services in Wisconsin.
Computation - Provider      of computer recycling, e-waste management, secure information      destruction, IT asset management and services, and refurbished      computer equipment. Based in the greater Toronto and Montreal      areas.
Computer & Electronics Recycling Colorado - Computer Recycling, serving the state of Colorado.
Computer Components Ltd - UK. Provides      a secure recycling facility for all electronic equipment,      including PCs, monitors, printers, mobile phones, PCBs, cables      and plastics.
Computer Recycling Center - N. California - Computer Recycling Center and Computers for Education, a      nonprofit, takes all computers, technology, network, telephone,      test equipment and cell phones, working and nonworking.
Computer Recycling Pros - Computer      hardware recycling in California: Los Angeles and Orange County.
Computer Recycling Service Inc. - Seattle, Washington company collecting computer hardware and      accessories.
Computer Recycling USA - Computer      Recycling and risk management for business, based in      Connecticut, USA.
Computer Salvage Service - Michigan-based computer collection, parts recovery, and      recycling service.
Creative Recycling Systems, Inc. - Three plants in GA, FL and NC provide recycling of electronic      equipment and computers. Includes services provided and industry      certifications.
Crow International, Inc. - Provides electronics recycling services in Maine.
Desktop Disposal - USA.      Offers computer disposal services including on-site packaging of      used equipment, transportation of equipment, equipment recycling      and re marketing, and online equipment tracking.
Don't Bin IT - Don't      Bin IT web site contains information for UK companies,      businesses and institutions relating to the recycling,      refurbishment and re-use of computers and other IT equipment in      compliance with the new WEEE Directive.
E Waste Disposal -      Collection services of obsolete and non-working electronic      products for business, universities and school districts.
E-Cycle Environmental - The E-Cycle      Environmental company offers domestic recycling services in      California.
E-Solutions USA. LLC -      E-Solutions in Long Island, NY, provides computer and technology      recycling and data destruction services.
E-Tech Recycling -      Electronics recycling company with locations in Hillsboro,      Oregon and Sterling, Virginia.
EIA Environment: Consumer Education Initiative - The EIA Consumer Education Initiative (CEI) Web site,      EIAE.org, provides consumers and companies with information on      recycling and reuse opportunities for used electronics in the      USA.
Electronic Recyclers International -      Recycling and disposal of electronic products. Specializing in      CRT computer monitors. Locations in California and      Massachusetts.
Electronic Recycling - Provides      recycling of obsolete electronic equipment, computers and phone      systems in Ireland.
ElectronicsRecycling.Org - Provides a      database of USA electronics recycling companies, categorized by      activity type and geographical location.
Elemental Inc. -      Philadelphia, PA company providing computer and electronics      recycling services.
Elms Recycling Company - A recycling company in Singapore which recycles or reuses used      jedec trays, IC trays, tray, electronic rejects, components,      matrix trays, and semiconductors. Also provides refining and      smelting.
Emar International - A      Canadian microchip trading company that recycles obsolete      electronic materials.
End of Life Electronics Midwest - An Indiana-based organization offering of electronic-recycling      collection and processing. Recycles obsolete computers,      printers, fax machines, copiers, TVs and other items, arranges      for collections nationwide.
Environmental Protection Services - USA. Disposes off and recycles non-PCB, PCB contaminated and      PCB transformers and electrical equipment.
First In Technology Surplus - FITS buys/recycles used computers nationwide from Houston, Tx.
Fox Electronics -      Offers recycling of electronic scrap and provides other services      for the hi-tech industry. Based in California.
Fraser Valley Metal Exchange - Offers electronics recycler in British Columbia since 1993.      Accepts computers, internal parts, boards, monitors and      household electronics.
Full      Circle Wireless - Buy outdated      wireless devices and resell or recycle old equipment safely and      securely. USA.
Golden Surplus -      Liquidates overstock and excess inventory for clients around the      state. Lists stock for sale; provides inquiry form for      customers. California.
Great      Lakes Electronic Recycling Corp. -      Detroit-based company recycles computers, automotive components,      and all other electronic equipment.
HMR USA, Inc. - HMR is      a California Electronics recycling company which specializes in      recycling and testing materials for reuse in foreign markets
HOBI International, Inc. - Offers electronics recycling and remarketing services.
Hitech Asset Recovery -      Hitech Assets, Inc. Specializes in the resale of all types of      electronic equipment, located in Oklahoma City, serving      worldwide.
ICER - Industry Council for Electronic Equipment      Recycling - ICER is an association of      member companies dealing with the recycling or treatment of      waste from all electrical and electronic equipment.
IRM Industries Sdn. Bhd. - Malaysian precious and non-ferrous metal reclamation,      electronic recycling and waste management company. Located in      Bayan Lepas, Penang, Malaysia.
IT Trading Company Ltd. - Provides recycling services for surplus and redundant IT      equipment.
IT Trading UK Limited -      UK company buying excess, surplus or redundant PCs, laptops,      printers, monitors, servers, notebooks, and computers. IT      clearance specialists, offering UK nationwide collections,      charity donation schemes, data removal, and certified recycling.
Integrated Recycling Industries - Precious and non ferrous metal reclamation company based in      the Philippines.
Intercon Solutions - Specializes in      the recycling of obsolete computers and electronic equipment.
International Association of Electronics      Recyclers - The IAER is a Trade      Association of computer and television recycling companies with      national directory on-line.
LifeSpan Technology Recycling -      Boston-based company that provides nationwide computer recycling      and disposal, asset retirement and data destruction services for      companies and organizations.
MICOMP System Center -      Asset recovery solution provider, managing excess or end of life      IT assets. List of services, catalog of current inventory, and      company profile. Wood Dale, Illinois.
Materials Processing Corporation -      Offers electronics recycling including precious metal refining,      component recovery, surplus resale and equipment disassembly.      Based in Minnesota.
Maxitech - Purchases      used computer and other IT equipment and recycles or refurbishes      them. Working with local charities, computers are donated to the      needy after all confidential data is removed. London, England.
Mega Services Recycling - Collects used and scrap computers and appliances in Europe.
Metech      Recycling - Recycler of business and      consumer electronics, located in Colorado. Provide services      regionally, nationally, and internationally.
Midwest Electronic Recovery - Iowa's largest computer and electronic recycling center,      processing all types of e-waste and specializing in the CRTs      found in computer monitors and televisions.
Newtech      Recycling - US (NJ) Based Electronic Recycling Centre Licensed by NJ Department of Environmental      Protection to dispose of waste electronic equipment in      accordance with legislation.
NuLife Glass - Offers a      new technology to recycle cathode ray tubes from televisions and      computer monitors.
PCB-PLUS - Computer      recycling in the UK by a midlands based family run business.      Free collections and recycling within the uk
Per Scholas - Collects,      refurbishes, redistributes, or recycles, computers in the metro      New York City area.
Phones4funds.org - Buys      used cell phones and resells or recycles them. Based in Texas.
Quickrung Ltd - UK.      Computer and laptop recycling service providers based in South      Wales.
RD Trading Ltd -      Provides computer disposal services and takes redundant      informational technology either reselling it to generate revenue      or recycling it in compliance with all UK and European      legislation.
RMD Technologies Electronics Recycling - Electronics recycling for California businesses. Certified CRT      (monitor) disposal. State of California registered CRT recycler.      Electronic data destruction.
Reclamere - Technology      recovery, recycling, and disposition specialist for large      national and international corporations. Description of      services, list of applicable laws, and news. Tyrone,      Pennsylvania.
Recycle Techs - Recycle      Techs Spokane, Washington, company offering recycling of      residential and business equipment
Recycling PCs - Convert      older mid-tower and full-tower PCs into 1U and 2U rackmountable      PCs.
Recycling Super Site - Offers      recycling services for surplus and obsolete electronic      equipment. Based in Chicago.
Retire-IT Technology Recycling and Logistics - Retire-IT Technology Recycling and Logistics is based in      Columbus, Ohio, and offers nationwide mail in and collection of      used electronics.
Santa Barbara Computer Recycling - Serving Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. We recycle all      electronics including: Computers, computer monitors, printers,      fax machines, scanners, etc
Supreme      Computer Recycling - Supreme Computer      Recycling of New Jersey offers collection services for mixed      electronics through its east coast facilities and partner      collection sites.
Surplus Buyers - A      Texas computer and electronics recycling company.
TBS Industries -      Philadelphia, PA USA electronics recycling company offering      metal recovery and asset management services.
Tech Equipment Sales, Inc. - Options for Surplus or End of Life Electronics in      Pennsylvania.
Technology Exchange - Finds      economically and environmentally sound methods for the disposal      and recycling of obsolete electronic equipment in Louisiana and      the Gulf Coast of the USA.
Telecom Green - Eagle      Associates is a UK-based collection and recycling company      accepting phone systems and telecommunications equipment.
The Computer Barn -      Recycles computer equipment in Pennsylvania.
TheCyberYard.com -      Based in Memphis, TN. Offers nationwide commercial electronics      recycling and e waste solutions including: destruction,      remarketing, disposal, and shredding.
Total Reclaim, Inc. -      Seattle, WA based company collects and accepts delivery of used      computers in any condition.
Turtle Wings - Provides      data destruction and de-installation services in the USA, with      company background and details of services. Maryland.
UK IT Recycling Shropshire - Recyclers of computer equipment based in the UK. free      collections on working computers and monitors in Shropshire.
US EPA - eCycling -      Information about reuse and recycling of electronic products      including a list of ecycling programs, statistics, regulations,      publications and frequently asked questions.
VFXweb.com Calgary -      Buy/sell used and refurbished computer equipment from      corporations based out of Calgary, Alberta, and ship to Canada      and the USA.
Ventura Telecom Limited - Mobile Phone collector. Processes and redistributes for global      re-use and recycling. Based in the UK.
WeRecycle!, Inc. -      Connecticut-based company services NorthEast Region for      electronics recycling, asset management and secure data      destruction. Customer base includes corporations,      municipalities, colleges, banks and hospitals.
Weee-recycle - UK      company provides recycling services for computer, electronic and      electrical equipment; site provides information on European WEEE      recycling mandates.
World Computer Exchange - Non-profit      organization acts as a liaison for companies who wish to donated      working computer to public schools in developing countries.
World Reuse, Repair and Recycling Association - WR3A is a trade association of reputable electronics      recyclers, dedicated to "fair trade" in the export of used      electronics and recyclables. Headquartered in VT, USA, WR3A      members are individually located in dozens of states and      nations.
XS2U - Collects and      disposes of computers and electronics in the UK. Free      collection.
YNot Recycle Computer and Electronics Recycling - Servicing business, non-profit, educational and residential      electronic and computer recycling needs. Free Pickup in      Sacramento County and surrounding service area.
Zentech Computer Recycling - Provides an electronics recycling service for businesses and      residents in the Atlanta, Georgia area.
dataXile - Toronto      based computer security firm specializing in secure data      disposal and ethical IT equipment disposal.
e-Cycle Electronic Waste Recycling - e-Cycle provides electronic waste recycling services for the      East Bay area of northern California.
eWaste Center - EWaste      Center collects and recycles electronics in California.
Glass
Balcan - Manufacturers      of lamp crushers and on-site lamp crushing service for all types      of waste lamps containing mercury and sodium.
Dlubak Glass Company -      Processor and recycler of TV monitors, CRT tube glass, computer      monitors, windshields and windows.
Eastern      Environmental Tech - Specializes in      PCB and non-PCB ballast recycling and fluorescent lamp      recycling.
Environmental Protection Services -      Recycles fluorescent lamps into usable commodities.
GRL Glass Recycling -      Services include recycling of waste glass, both domestic and      industrial.
Glassco Recycling -      Services include recycling waste bottle collections from hotels,      restaurants and clubs in Dublin, Ireland.
Mercury Technologies of Minnesota, Inc - Recycles mercury from fluorescent tubes and other wastes.
Paisano Industries, LLP - Manufacturer of glass compactors for on-site and small scale      glass recycling.
Strategic Materials, Inc. -      Specializes in processing abrasives and powdered glass for      industrial and consumer markets.
Metal
AERO Products -      Manufacturer of silver recovery units and systems for recovery      from waste photographic solution.
Action Recycling Center - Buyers of      scrap copper, aluminum, brass electronics and used computers.
Aircraft Recycling Corp. - Provides      aircraft recycling and metal dismantling services on      environmental safe pad.
All-Met      Recycling - Non-ferrous scrap metal      company. Provides container service.
American Recycling, Inc. - Recycling      ferrous and non-ferrous metals from retail and industrial      accounts.
Americanscrapmetal.com - Scrap metal      recycling - we buy scrap metal and are recyclers of high temp      alloy.
Andrews Metals and Alloys Ltd. - Buyers of non-ferrous scrap metals and precious metals.
Arihant Corp. -      Manufactures scrap processing machines. Specifications and photo      gallery available.
Australian Consolidated Metals and Machinery - Provides demolition, reclamation, scrap metal removal,      recycling, salvage, and transportation services.
Automated Recycling -      Aluminum can recycling machines and industry statistics.
Avida Americas -      International network of reclamation and recycling, Assists in      the recycling and reclamation of various forms of metallic      by-products and wastes.
Bay Metal - Specializes      in scrap metal recycling, processing, marketing, brokering,      stamping, annealing, plating, fabricating and turnings.
Border      Trading, Inc. - Specializes in scrap      metal recycling.
Bristol Metal Co. -      Purchaser and processor of high temperature alloys and titanium.
British Metals Recycling Association - A central representative body to put the views of metals      recycling companies to government departments and agencies.
CFF Recycling -      International services in collecting, sorting and shredding      metal waste and byproducts.
Canada Iron & Metal Co. Ltd. - Purchasers of scrap metal in the Metro Toronto and Southern      Ontario area.
Cellpap India Private Limited - Provides indentation services for steel scrap, wood pulp and      paper.
