Important Global Message
Garbage and Trash Collection
The Miami-Dade Department of Solid Waste Management provides residential garbage, trash and recycling collection service to unincorporated Miami-Dade County residents and residents of the cities of Aventura, Cutler Bay, Doral, Miami Gardens, Miami Lakes, Palmetto Bay, Pinecrest, Sunny Isles and Sweetwater. Residents have a wide variety of waste collection services. By using them correctly, residents can keep their neighborhoods clean.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Birthday Holiday Schedule
There will be no garbage or trash collection on Monday, January 16, 2012, in observance of the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Birthday holiday. Recycling collection will take place for customers whose scheduled collection day falls on Monday, January 16.
View the press release
Automated Twice Weekly Garbage and Trash Collection
Each week on your waste collection days, wheel your EZGo Cart to the curb by 7 a.m. Remove it once your waste is collected. Remember to place all garbage and trash inside the EZGo Cart. Garbage and trash not containerized will not be collected.
> FAQs
Twice Weekly Manual Garbage and Trash Collection
Some residential waste collection customers receive manual garbage services. These households do not use EZGo waste carts for garbage collection. Manual collection customers can set out cans (up to 30 gallons) and tied plastic bags by no later than 7 a.m. on your twice-weekly collection days. Trash, including yard clippings, must be canned, bagged or bundled in lengths of up to four feet using twine, rope, or duct tape. Each can, bag or bundle must weigh less than 50 pounds.
Obtaining additional EZGo Carts
You can purchase an additional 96-gallon waste cart or request a new cart if it has been damaged during the collection process or stolen.
To request an additional cart for a one-time $50 fee, complete the  order form  
 and fax it to 305-514-6219.
If your waste cart is damaged in the collection process, the County will repair or replace it free of charge. If it is damaged due to neglect, abuse or modification, you are responsible for purchasing a replacement cart. Stolen carts must be reported by calling the non-emergency number of your local police department. The County will provide a free cart if you provide a police case number.
Holiday Schedule
Waste is collected on all holidays (as observed by Miami-Dade County)  except:
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Independence Day (July 4)
Christmas Day (December 25)
When one of the above holidays falls on a weekend, the following collection schedule applies:
When December 25 falls on a Saturday, there is no waste collection on the Friday before the holiday.
When December 25 falls on a Sunday, there is no waste collection on the Monday after the holiday.
When July 4 falls on a Saturday, there is no waste collection on the Friday before the holiday.
When July 4 falls on a Sunday, there is no waste collection on the Monday after the holiday.
Was your garbage missed?
If your garbage or trash was missed during a scheduled pickup, call 3-1-1 for assistance.
If you cannot view PDF
files, you can download Acrobat Reader  for free from Adobe Systems, Inc. In order to use PDF files, you must have Acrobat installed on your computer.
