15 photos View the full slideshow »
Should Vancouver build a bigger incinerator or find a better way to process the garbage?
Vancouver, New Westminster and Burnaby have been sending 280,000 tons of garbage each year since 1988 to an alternative energy waste plant in Burnaby . This represents about 20% of the garbage that the area produces each year. Recently a meeting was held to vote on building a much larger plant to handle more of the area's growing annual waste.
The current technology uses an incineration process to reduce the garbage to 47,000 tons of bottom ash which is used as a road building add mix and landfill top cover. The process also leaves 11,000 tons of fly ash which ends up in landfills. C02 output is roughly equal to half of the garbage input or in this case about 140,000 tons per year. There is also nitrous oxide and trace amounts of mercury and other pollutants.
The electricity produced is equal to a 16 MW power plant and additional steam is sold to a nearby pulp
mill. Also about 9,000 tons of recovered metal is sold for recycling each year.
If all the regions garbage is disposed of the same way then 700,000 tons of C02, 235,000 tons of bottom ash and 55,000 tons of fly ash would be produced each year. This would be a significant increase in local air pollution equal to about 100,000 additional cars on the road. It is also expected that all the additional ash both bottom and fly ash will end up in landfills as there is no other way to use them.
Currently about 50% of waste is separated such as plastic beverage bottles, glass and metal. There are plans to increase this to 70% and include food waste.
A much better way to use this biomass of food waste, grass clippings, wood chips etc. is to use a gasification process. The gasification process is 50% to 100% more efficient than incineration. The result is a hydrogen rich bio-gas and activated charcoal.
The bio-gas can be burned in a turbine to produce electricity and used in vehicles as a substitute for natural gas. Activated charcoal has many uses including filters.
Trans-link currently has 51 natural gas powered buses and the municipalities have hundreds of vehicles that could be converted or replaced with bio-gas burning vehicles when replacement time comes up.
Bio-gas produces 23% less C02 than gasoline or diesel when used in a vehicle.
Dealing with the garbage this way would be the most efficient and would produce far less C02 emissions than than any other solution and the municipal fleet would be greener as well.
Advertisement
