Our goal for the planet: Zero Landfill Growth.
WastAway takes something the world doesn’t want and converts it into something the world can use.
Electricity. Synthetic fuels. Steam. Building materials. Soil amendments. WastAway takes ordinary household garbage (also referred to as Municipal Solid Waste) and creates a product that can be converted into any one of these items, and more. We convert garbage into a useful commodity - and while we do it, we keep from filling our landfills!  That’s the WastAway goal: Zero Landfill Growth.
WastAway has developed an innovative process that takes unsorted household garbage and converts it into a product called Fluff®, which can then be easily used in a variety of other ways. Fluff is similar in consistency to wood pulp, and can be processed for use as a growing medium for plants and turf, can be gasified to generate steam, can be converted to synthetic fuels such as ethanol, diesel, and gasoline, or can be compressed and extruded to make products such as construction materials.
Yesterday, this was 60 tons of household garbage, the amount of household waste generated by about 2,500 households in a week.   Today, the Fluff we've created will be gasified to generate steam or electricity, converted to synthetic fuels, converted into a soil amendment or peat moss substitute for nurseries, or extruded to make construction materials. Best of all, that is 60 tons of waste that is NOT headed for the local landfill. That's Zero Landfill Growth  - and that’s good for everyone!
This isn't just a nice theory – Wastaway’s patented technology has been successfully recycling all unsorted household garbage on a commercial scale for an area of Middle Tennessee for the past five years, and Fluff has been used as a feedstock for a variety of other uses.  The island of Aruba currently processes about half of its municipal solid waste using the WastAway method, especially important because this island has no remaining space available to convert to landfills. 
Wastaway was invented and engineered by the people from Bouldin & Lawson, a manufacturing company that invented heavy-duty shredders and machines for use by commercial nurseries. B&L also created heavy-duty shredders for the U.S. military, and they were approached to help develop a system to process waste on military bases.  As a result, the WastAway technology was developed, and the resulting product became a commodity that has a variety of uses.
In the meantime, in Warren County, Tennessee, home to B&L, the local landfill was rapidly filling up, and that became a proving ground for WastAway technology.  The system they developed worked so well that over 200 local investors pooled their resources to support Wastaway's development, and today the system in Warren County alone has been recycling household waste for more than five years. That's an impressive track record!
Achieve 100% recycling participation in your community
Do you know the problem with recycling programs, and why they have such poor participation? Sorting. WastAway’s patented process does not require the user to presort recyclables from their ordinary trash. Instead municipalities can simply use their existing garbage pick-up system (trashcans, bins, bags, dumpsters or boxes) and can collect waste with a single truck, which saves money and reduces emissions. The trash is taken to a WastAway facility where recyclables are separated automatically and the remaining refuse is processed into Fluff® in about 20 minutes. This can eliminate the use of expensive and often subsidized recycling efforts, yet yield 100% recycling participation in your community.
The size of a WastAway system provides optimal savings in terms of money, time and carbon emissions. A system that handles as little as 100 tons of trash a day can be housed inside an existing transfer station which can eliminate the need for additional transportation and emissions to a landfill. Larger systems can be located at an existing landfill or a new facility. All trash is processed indoors eliminating the smell and unsightliness of open-air trash piles, containers, and landfills.
A real E-commodity
Once processed, Fluff becomes an E-commodity, a new commodity that is environmental, ecological and economical. The municipality or contractor may determine the most beneficial use for Fluff in their community.  In its raw state, Fluff can be used as a soil amendment or growing medium for parks and public works projects, or even as a cover material to an existing landfill.  When pelletized, Fluff can be used as a refuse-derived fuel that can be gasified to produce steam or generate renewable electricity to power municipal buildings, power industry, or be sold to the electrical grid. Synthetic fuels, made from Fluff may operate a fleet of vehicles or be sold commercially. Building, packing and freight materials can also be created using Fluff and new products are being developed.  It is up to the owner how to best harness the savings or new revenue stream.
We invite you to take tour through our website to learn more about the revolutionary WastAway recycling process. See our process, learn how we might work with you, see products made from recycled garbage , and read news stories and scientific studies about WastAway.
 
