   MENU:   Technology and Internet Guides | Travel | Health | Household | Sports          ...independent online guides since 1995
How does a garbage disposal work? Installing a Garbage Disposal:
A garbage disposal is attached to the bottom of your sink and is there to crush food and other waste into tiny pieces with a stainless steel blade. Stainless steel blades keep rust away compared to other models that don't have them which causes problems or rusting of the blades. Size of the motor is something to consider as well. Brands like Kitchen Aid come with a 1 HP motor which chops up food so that the drain won't get clogged. Most garbage disposals are about $150 or so at Home Depot or Lowes and are fairly easy to install yourself (takes about 2 hours). Actually I replaced my garbage disposal so I'm not sure how it would be if you just put one in fresh. In any event, I can't imagine it's much harder as long as you have some basic tools (plumbers putty, Philips head screw driver, flat head screw driver, etc). Make sure that the dimensions of the garbage disposal you select will fit in the area under your sink (ours is a modern house and it barely fit). Below we discuss the simple procedure for the installation of a garbage disposal.
The most popular type of garbage disposal is the In-Sink-Erator and that is what we put in. You will need an electric outlet under the sink to plug the garbage disposal in to. You will then need to attach the disposal to the bottom of the sink opening using the "upper mounting assembly" piece. Then put the hoses from the dishwasher (if you have one) to the garbage disposal. Certainly we have glossed over the details, but the instructions with our disposal were really good. If you are not a DIY type of person, then perhaps having an electrician (for the outlet plug) and a plumber handle the project is the best bet. Our friends had the same model installed by a plumber and it cost about $120. Lowes has an excellent online tutorial on "how to install a garbage disposal HERE . Expect to spend at least an hour, have some towels ready in case water spills, and hope that your underside to your kitchen sink is somewhat standard so that you can have an easy install process. Garbage Disposal Reviews - Want to see what professionals and homeowners have to say about food waste disposers? A recent article in Consumer Reports magazine (August 2009) did a great job of breaking down the top disposers. They tested 15 waste disposers feeding them with items like potatoes, celery, food scraps, and beef ribs. They rated both the continuous feed disposers and the batch-feed models on speed, grinding fineness, noise, and the ability to handle vegetable scraps. We found more feedback on Epinions.com and hundreds of owner posted comments on Amazon. RECOMMENDED - We suggest shopping at Amazon.com since they carry all the leading brands of garbage disposals and their prices are very competitive with all the major department stores. You can browse their best selling garbage disposals online here
.
Reviews of the Best Garbage Disposal - Insinkerator - Waste King - Whirlaway - Sinkmaster:
Depending on who you talk to, the best garbage disposal on the market is up for grabs. Plumbingsupply.com believes that Waste King disposers are the superior brand. They are called the Waste King Gourmet garbage disposals (used to be called the BoneCrushers from Sinkmaster). Plumbingsupply.com says "Their superior quality, easy maintenance and readily available repair parts make them your best choice". The Waste King L-8000 Legend Series is a top seller on several websites with near perfect reviews - owners say the stainless steel grinding components, superior insulation and 1HP motor make this the ideal waste disposer. The warranties on the Waste King models are the best in the industry - that's always comforting to know as a buyer. For smaller 1/3 horsepower motors on garbage disposals, the Whirlaway name comes to mind. Although less powerful, they can still do a great job. The best models are the Whirlaway 191and Whirlaway 291. View the most popular Waste King garbage disposals on Amazon.com
.
Batch-Feed Disposers - As we mentioned earlier, the Insinkerator brand is quite popular and performs very well (from my experience) with powerful motors and great warranties. In reviews we read online (over 50 listed at Amazon and 46 are 5 of 5 stars) and in Consumer Reports, the InSinkErator 74028 Compact Evolution Household Food Waste Disposer, Gray
is the model to go with. The Evolution Series disposers are known for their superior grinding and for being quieter than the competition. The InSinkerator has a 3/4 HP motor, 2 grind stages, and a 4 year home warranty on parts and labor. Many owners describe it as "quiet and efficient" or "best disposal we've had". Many of their other models receive just as high marks from professional plumbers and homeowners alike. The only one that scored badly was the Insinkerator Badger - reviews across the board were less than impressive. You can view the most popular InSinkerator disposers online here
.
Garbage Disposal Repair - Fix Garbage Disposal:
In order to determine how bad the repair job might be, you need to do some common sense troubleshooting with your garbage disposal. First, if it does not even turn on and there is no "humming" sound, then you have an electrical problem. You may need to hit the Reset button (red) at the bottom of the disposal or check your circuit breaker to make sure the electrical parts are working ok. If after a thorough electrical inspection and replacement of the switch it still does not turn on or make a noise, then you need to replace the whole unit. Another common issue is a stuck flywheel and the disposal makes a humming noise. Use the offset wrench that came with your disposal and insert it into the flywheel turning hole and turn it clockwise. This should help to unstick the flywheel or impeller. Test the system again with small bursts of water while turning the disposer on. If you have a leaking garbage disposal (that's what I had), then see where the water is coming from (sink flange, dishwasher connection, discharge drainpipe) and tighten bolts, replace loose pipes or fittings. I had just a major link breakage that the whole unit needed to be replaced. For slow draining or blockage problems don't use chemical drain cleaners (they damage disposals), remove the major components and check for clogs. If nothing is spotted, then continue the process with a sink auger down the major pipes that lead from the disposal to see if you can unclog the obstruction. When all else fails, call a plumber. For garbage disposal parts, check out Expertappliance.com/disposal.html, they have a great line of disposals and parts with an 800 # for easy ordering when in doubt. To help keep your disposal clean, never put things like potato skins, artichoke leaves, or celery stocks in the garbage disposal since those are very hard to grind up and tend to jam and clog the disposal.
Top Garbage Disposal Brands - Kenmore - Badger - Kitchen Aid - Sears:
There are many major brand names selling garbage disposals these days and we found them all online at Ajmadison.com. You can buy a KitchenAid KBDS250X 1 HP Batch-feed Garbage disposal for $289, a GE GFC1020F 1 horsepower continuous feed disposer for $199, a Maytag DFC7500AAX 1 HP continuous feed for $279, Whirlpool Gold GC2000PE 1/2 HP $99, Franke WD1001 continuous feed waste disposer for $349. Sears is an excellent home appliance store to start your shopping at with a wide selection of GE, Kenmore, and Whirlpool garbage disposals.
Do you have a quality site or product that belongs in this guide? We are always happy to evaluate or review new products and websites. Feel free to contact us at the email address below and let us know about you. If you have a demo product you'd like us to look at, please contact us before sending anything. Thank you.
Review and Internet Guide Index:
Computers and Internet:
