There are also private firms that will take this material.
Residential Recycling
Recycling should be put in your recycling cart and placed at the curb. Recycling is collected on your regular garbage day but every other week.Overflow recycling should be placed in a clear bag next to the recycling cart.
If your container needs to be replaced due to damage or if you need an additional recycling cart, call us at 704-847-3640 or e-mail .
Acceptable Items for Recycling are #1 or #2 plastic milk jugs, drink bottles, liquid detergent, soap and bleach containers; plus aluminum and steel cans, aluminum foil, aluminum pie and roll pans, and clear, brown and green glass containers.  Lids should be removed and all food and other residue should be washed out. Cardboard can be recycled and should be cut into squares no larger than 3' by 3'.  Paper items such as junk mail, newspapers and inserts, office paper, magazines and telephone books can also be recycled. All plastic containers except #6; rigid plastics such as toys, litter boxes and buckets, empty aerosol cans, cartons and juice boxes, flattened cardboard, aluminum, glass, tin/steel cans, telephone books.
Non-acceptable Recycling Items are #6 plastic containers, pizza boxes, bottle caps or lids, plastic bags, shredded paper, plastic food trays and cups, ceramics, pots & pans, glassware, paper plates, napkins, batteries, light bulbs, wire hangers, clamshells or Styrofoam.  No hazardous or commercial medical waste may be put in the recycling containers.
Why not pizza boxes or other food containers?  Foil, grease, paint, plastic or oil on food boxes or paper show up farther down the paper-making process, causing a defect that's an "oily" spot on newly formed paper.  These spots don't print or glue properly and cause stains on the paper.  This causes the new paper to be rejected and ultimately end up in the garbage. (source: Anoka Co., Minn. Integrated Waste Management Dept.)
For more information on Mecklenburg County Recycling, please click here or see their website .
Looking for fun ways to teach children about recycling? Visit www.recyclingguys.org.
Yard Waste
Yard waste includes brush, tree and shrub trimming, leaves and grass trimmings. Leaves and grass clippings must be bagged in clear bags or other bags left open so the driver can see the contents. Bags must weigh less than 50 pounds each, with a 20 bag limit per week. (Drivers can spend no more than 20 minutes per home collecting yard waste)
Branches must be cut in lengths of six feet or less and can be no larger than five inches in diameter. Stack limbs in small enough piles that an individual is able to handle. Do not leave bagged yard waste or limbs and branches blocking the sidewalk or in the street.
We cannot pick up dirt, rocks, building materials or any debris from a contractor such as material generated by tree maintenance or landscape contractors as defined by section 50A.01 of the Town code. Residents must require their contractors to remove all debris.
Other Recycling Opportunities
Beginning July 1, 2011 Computers and TVs will no longer be accepted in N.C. Landfills.
Please take them to a Mecklenburg County Recycling Center. Computers and other electronics, such as TVs, DVD players, computer monitors, audio and video cables, cellular telephones, etc. can also be taken to Best Buy at Sycamore Commons to be recycled.  Map
Computers and other electronics are also accepted at the Goodwill Store at Plantation Market, near the Siskey YMCA.  Map
In addition to the county sites, motor oil, oil filters and car batteries can also be taken to Advanced Auto Parts or Pep Boys on Independence Boulevard (or any other location).
