Resumes For Actors, Models, Designers, and Other Artists
For:
In the old days of the internet when having a web page of your own was still kind of a big deal, Starving Arts offered online acting resumes, modeling resumes, and art portfolios for a small yearly fee. These days, you can set up quick and professional resumes for actors and other artists for free or very affordably through a number of professional organizations or commercial services. But an actors resume is more than just your name, email address, and professional history. It is a statement of your professional identity.
Careers In Acting Are Tricky
It’s still great to have an online actor’s resume for your headshots, an online modeling resume with your comp card, or an online art portfolio, as it can help you to make your information available when and where it is needed most, and even to increase your exposure as an artist to some extent. Actors and actresses will still need agents and will even still need printed copies of their acting resumes and acting headshots to take to their auditions, and you can view sample resumes for headshots elsewhere on this site.
Acting Head Shots And Acting Resumes
You cannot rely solely on your cover letter to sell you as a person. Every detail of the resume itself must reflect the artistic spirit with which you approach the endeavor. That starts with a clean, professional actor resume template. Your contact information should be prominent, the resume format shoulld be clean and easy to read while conforming to all standard professional expectations. And that includes geographical considerations. A New York casting directory might be expecting something slightly different than a Chicago casting directory. Tailor the document to the job you want it to do. The special skills that you list should be tailored to the specific skills needed for the show you are applying to. Does that mean editing your resume again every time you submit it? You bet. Don’t just pick a resume example and follow it to the letter. That’s shooting yourself in the foot. The whole point is to stand out in the crowd, not to blend in. But of course you want to stand out in a good way.
Just look at the issue of professional headshots. As you are probably aware, head shots are crazy expensive, and make it hugely expensive to mail out updated resumes to all of your contacts every time you land a great new role or modelling job. This is one of the areas where an online acting resume or modelling resume can really shine, especially as the industry develops and it becomes more ordinary to just view everyone’s information online. At present, you mostly have to deal with paper, which means you still have to pay the exhorbitant rates for prints of quality professional headshots and bodyshots. However, I am predicting good things for working artists in the future; I think the internet will become the standard way of making your materials available soon. Of course, you will probably always have to bring a physical copy of your resume and your headshot with you to an audition.
Start An Acting Career Off Right With A Great Actors Resume
You can get an online acting resume or an online art portfolio for super cheap these days, often even completely free, and so it’s just silly not to set one up. The time investment is minimal and it can definitely increase your exposure. Don’t think that you’re going to put yourself out there on the web and suddenly have millions of casting directors or galleries knocking down your door, as that is probably just not going to happen. However, any extra exposure an artist can get is a good thing. You’re in an image industry, so no publicity is bad publicity. There is always a chance that someone important will be searching or even just randomly searching, and come across your stuff on the internet and fall in love with you and your work. Either way, it is a good thing to have a web page to send acting agents to if you need to.
Don’t overlook the idea of getting proper formal training as an actor or model. Modeling schools and acting schools can help you polish, poise, and most importantly, network. The experience that you gain in the course of your training can also be invaluable when it comes to finding jobs. Remember, the first acting job is the hardest to find. After that, you know at least one director who should like working with you. Just make sure they like working with you, and you’ll find that they’ll want to give you more roles and also recommend you to others with roles that might be a good fit for you.
Realistic Actors Resume And Head Shot Scenario
More likely is that you’ll meet someone in person who tells you they like your work, and you’ll tell them your web address. If all goes well, they will go home or go back to their offoce and type in your web address and have instant access to your best professional representations of yourself and your artistic work right there. An up-to-date resume, beautiful head and body shots, a clean view of your art portfolio, whatever you have to offer there it is. Beats the hell out of having to carry all of your materials around with you everywhere, am I right?
Acting Careers Are Like Life
As far as I’m concerned, everything I’m saying here applies to every type of creative professional out there, from the model to the actor to the architect. There is no reason for anyone involved in a creative field who is trying to market themselves—not working steadily for a single organization and happy doing that forever—to not immediately set up a web presence. You don’t have to make it elaborate or flashy at all, you don’t have to do any work to promote it on the web itself, you just have to have it so you can personally send people there. Here’s a list of some of the types of professionals that I think can benefit from having something like this:
