Subscribe to LA Acting Auditions Examiner Here
Enter your email address:
Firefox Browser users can subscribe to LA Acting Auditions Examiner by Email Here
Help Spread The Word!
Click Here to get the Code to put an Acting Auditions Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put a "Get Started Acting" Banner on your Facebook Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put a Disney Channel Auditions Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put a Disney Casting Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put a Feature Film Auditions Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put a TV Show Auditions Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put the ABC Family Auditions Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put a Modeling Information Source Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put an Open Casting Calls Banner on your Facebook, MySpace Page, Blog, or Website!
Click Here to get the Code to put an Auditions Banner on your Facebook Page, Blog, or Website!
Add To Favorites (Ctrl+D)
Important information about uploading audition videos
A large number of casting directors and studios are now using Cast It Systems' ActorCast to allow people to upload audition videos for specific projects and roles.
When uploading audition videos, make absolutely sure to follow the directions exactly as stated. If they want it done a specific way, then do not disregard the instructions and do whatever you want.
Not following the instructions is a sure way to NOT get a call back. If you can't follow simple directions on how to tape and submit an audition video, then the casting director will assume that you may not be able to take direction well on set during filming. And that is not a good thing. So be very careful and follow the directions exactly as they are explained. Remember that not following directions can cost you the part!
Will casting directors consider me if I randomly send in my photo/resume and don't have an agent?
Here is what casting director Gayle Pillsbury of Zane/Pillsbury Casting said in regards to general submissions when asked the following question:
If an actor does not have representation by a talent agent, what is the best way for them to get noticed by a casting director?
"You can also try and send a general submission of yourself to a casting office – I’ve opened some pictures and just really liked the picture of the person and held onto it until an appropriate role came up so I could audition that actor. And while I don’t want to sound discouraging, general submissions are a long shot – you’re really bargaining on timing and luck. But again, it’s about being pro-active and creative-minded."
Read the entire interview here:
Click Here for Gayle Pillsbury at IMDb
Here is casting director Jeff Greenberg's response to the following question:
Do you ever cast actors who are without representation?
"We do cast actors without representation."
Read the entire interview here:
Jeff Greenberg Interview
Click Here for Jeff Greenberg at IMDb
These statements mirror what the vast majority of casting directors have told me over the last 20+ years. I have a separate website that addresses talent agency issues. It includes FAQ, scam alerts, and a state-by-state listing of all legit talent agents in the USA.
Click Here to go to my Talent Agents information and resources website.
How long does it take for a casting director to contact you if you submit a photo and resume?
It is just a matter of waiting. There are no time frames as to when they might get in touch. Sometimes they will keep a photo and resume for future consideration, sometimes they do not. It is all timing. You just hope that they are casting for a specific type when the photo and resume lands on their desk. Casting Directors do NOT contact you to let you know that they are not interested, they ONLY call if they want you to come in for an audition.
Why You Should NOT Call Casting Directors
Unsolicited phone calls and personal visits to casting directors are prohibited in the entertainment industry. Not only does it display a huge level of non-professionalism, it is extremely inconsiderate of casting directors time. They receive hundreds, and even thousands of photos and resumes every week. They certainly can not accommodate being inundated with phone calls from actors, and aspiring actors.
Talent Agents who know casting directors can call them if it is for a very important reason such as rescheduling a client for an audition. But calling casting directors, production companies, producers, and studios is an agents job, NOT an actors.
The only exception to this extremely important rule is if you are RETURNING a phone call after they have contacted you first.
Note About Managers
A manager is someone who manages your career after you have established yourself in the business. Managers generally get 15% of your gross income from acting jobs. There are many unscrupulous "managers" out there claiming to have the ability to make someone a star.
The truth is, a manager can recommend photographers, classes & workshops, resume printing services, etc. But this information is available for free, and is certainly not worth paying 15% of your income.
How Films & TV Shows are Cast
The executives give the "green light" for movies and TV shows to be produced. Then the production company of the project hires casting directors, who in turn send out "breakdowns" of the characters being cast.
These "breakdowns" actually are sent out by a service called "Breakdown Services" and are only available to licensed Talent Agencies.
Then the agents at these agencies submit photos, resumes, and sometimes "demo-reels" to the casting directors. Then the casting directors call in the actors that fit the roles they are casting, usually many many actors are called in.
Then they narrow it down to the best actors who came in and "call back" these actors to read again for the director, sometimes the writer, producer, etc. Then they narrow it down further, and sometimes there are 3 - 4 "call backs" before an actor is finally hired.
Occasionally a casting director will call in an actor who sends a photo and resume on their own without an agent. Some casting directors have assistants who sort through the mail and some do it themselves.
When you are called to audition, you are given "sides" which is a few pages of script to read. You can usually download these lines a few days before the audition. Sometimes they have you do a "cold reading" where you are given the sides right there and then.
When you arrive, you sign in at the receptionists desk, wait in the front office usually with several other actors. When they call you in, you sit down and have a brief conversation with the CD. It is best to ask them a few questions about the script, project, role, etc., before they bring it up! And that is it. If you get a "call back" it is usually within a week, generally speaking.
Back Stage
I am happy to announce my partnership with Back Stage, the industry leading trade magazine in the United States. Back Stage is the top resource for audition information, casting calls/casting notices, training opportunities, and entertainment-industry jobs, news, and interviews.
Film and theatre are the main topics reviewed and reported upon, but the television, radio, dance, music, cabaret, voice-over, modeling, commercial advertising, and stand-up comedy industries are also included in Back Stage's coverage. Back Stage is closely tied to its primary sister publications, The Hollywood Reporter and Billboard.
Readers of my blogs receive a special offer from Backstage.
Simple "Stacking Method" To Memorize Lines
1. First use a pencil and write down or each page of the script (you can also do several pages at a time as opposed to the entire script).
2. Take the page into a quiet room, shut the door, and eliminate all distractions.
3. Look at the first line in your notes and read it out loud. Then, close your eyes and say the line without looking at it.
4. Repeat the step above, this time with the first 2 lines.
5. Next, try it with 3 lines. Then 4. Repeat until you have memorized every line in the pages/script/sides.
After a study session, take a quick nap. New memories are very vulnerable, but studies have shown that sleep helps your new memories stick. After your nap, repeat the memory technique once more for maximum retention.
Acting Classes and Coaches
The following is a list of some of the most reputable acting classes and coaches in the LA area:
