(Geralyn Horton)
Age Range: 50 - 80
GERALYN HORTON became a performer-member of Playwrights' Platform soon after its foundation 30-some years ago. She has taken part in hundreds of cold and staged readings and appeared in or directed more than 20 productions in the Platform's annual New Works Festival, including 2008 where her performance in Phyllis Rittner's "The Entertainer" won Best Actress. In addition to church basement productions of G&S operettas and American musicals, her acting high points include American premieres at the Sugan Theatre; and an Edinburgh Fringe stint in "Martha Mitchell", a solo show written for her by Rosanna Yamagiwa Alfaro (still available for bookings!) Her own play scripts, essays, reviews, resume and bio are all on her web site, www.stagepage.info
 
(Barry Friedman)
Age range: 40-50.
Have acted in community theater for eighteen years.  Previous credits include:  Howard, Central Park West; Brian, The Shadow Box; Henry Irving, Actors Nightmare; Bob, Beyond Therapy; Eddie, Lost in Yonkers; Pale Young Man, Dorothy Parker Revived; Dr. Wally, Marvin's Room; Kuvl, The Day the Whores Came Out to Play Tennis; Lt. Walker, Nightwatch; Victor, Private Lives, Priest, Montserrat; Jesus Costazuela, The Odd Couple, Female Version; Dr. Jadin, Madwoman of Chaillot.  Studied for several years at Jeannie Lindheim's  Theater Workship and briefly at Southwick Studio.  Email: dovber@comcast.net
 
(Wayne Fritsche)
Age Range:  30-50
Wayne is a Texas-born, Boston-based, New York-and-LA-bound actor, singer, and voiceover talent educated at Williams College, Oxford University, and Dartmouth. He recently appeared as Robert in Harold PinterÕs Betrayal at the Boston Center  for the Arts Calderwood Pavilion and as Mr. Robinson and his puppet alter ego Robi Rob in the world premiere musical The Sing Song Show at  Boston PlaywrightÕs Theatre.  He played Duncan, the Porter, and the Doctor in Macbeth with Commonwealth Shakespeare Company/Shakespeare Now! and a Pageanteer  in The Communist Dracula Pageant at the American Repertory Theatre.   Other recent theatre projects include Ziegfeld in Funny Girl! and  Mr. Sowerberry in Oliver! (Fiddlehead Theatre Company),  Birdboot in The Real Inspector Hound (Apollinaire Theatre Company), Marcus Lycus in A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum (Boston TheatreWorks),  Trigorin in The Seagull (11:11 Theatre Company), Oberon and Peter Quince  in A Midsummer Night's Dream (Shakespeare Now!),  Male Greek Chorus in How I Learned to Drive (Devanaughn Theatre) and  Body in the world premier of Monsters the Musical (Centastage).
In the category of "always the bridesmaid," Wayne covered the roles  of Lincoln in Paula VogelÕs A Civil War Christmas and  Edward and Abe in Richard Nelson's How Shakespeare Won the West at the Huntington Theatre and Hamm in Samuel Beckett's Endgame at ART  and stood in for John Cleese during the Boston filming of Pink Panther Deux starring Steve Martin.
He is an actor-in-residence with Boston Playwright's Platform  and has won the Best Actor award for two years in a row for the  Platform's Festival of New Plays.   He played Baby in Dan Bancroft's Smoke and Andy in Mike Quint's Boy Meets Girl in 2009 and Dale in George Smart's You Don't?!! and Ross in Chris King's The Least of These in 2010.
Film and television appearances include We Shall Remain (dir. Chris Eyre) for PBS,  Disney's The Game Plan starring Dwayne Johnson,  and the independent festival-circuit film Catching On:  The Day the World Turned Gay.   He can currently be seen as a gluttonous Uncle Sam  in television commercials for Senate candidate Jim Bender.
Cabaret performances include frequent concerts  at the Amazing Things Arts Centre, singing the music of  John Bucchino with Mr. Bucchino on the piano in The Bucchino Project at the Boston Center for  the Arts Calderwood Pavilion, and a comic turn  in Cabaret Stars of Tomorrow 2010 at the International Cabaret Conference at Yale University. wrfritsche@gmail.com
 
(Anabel Graetz)
Age Range 50-75
Anabel Graetz has extensive experience in acting and directing in theater, film and television.  She performs Victorian Parlor Songs as half of The  Proper Ladies, recreates Victorian characters  in solo programs and appears on stage and in film, most recently in Twelve, which premiered at the Boston Independent Film Festival in April.  She is an accomplished voice teacher and has extensive training in Bel Canto (classical) technique.  She also studied Balkan traditional vocal styles on a Fulbright Fellowship in Bulgaria. Email her to request her resume.   See photos online:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKQnaUTlPuc .   Email:  LadySong5@gmail.com
 
(MIchael Haddad)
Age Range: early 20's - mid 30's
Michael is an actor/director/writer who bears the cross of serious addiction. For some it’s alcohol, others are hooked on crack, some people are addicted to dressing dogs in people clothes; but Mike's addiction is for theater. By day Mike is a mild mannered teacher of Latin and the Classical Humanities at Lynn English High School. At night, when he's done corrupting the youth of America, he likes nothing more than to work in and around the theater (I know, he's sounds like a lame super hero). Mike has been involved in about 16 shows as an actor and director for Devanaugn's Dragonfly Festivals (including playing Karl in Along for the Ride, winner of the Samuel French Festival in 03). He won the Best Actor award for Playwright's Platform's '07 play festival. Most recently Mike was seen playing Dev Hart in Jim McLindon's Distant Music and directing the production of Titus Andronicus for MI T's Shakespeare Ensemble. Feel free to contact Mike for the full list of shows he's been involved in (Lord knows, he never gets tired of hearing the sound of his own voice...that's why he became a teacher) at: haddadm@lynnschools.org .
 
(Peg Holzemer)
Age range 60+    
Peg has done everything in Theatre from cleaning toilets to producing. She holds a M.A. in Performing Arts from Emerson College in Boston and a B.A. in Communications from Bridgewater State College,Bridgewater,MA.  Peg has also trained as a film actress with Carolyn Pickman of CP Casting in Boston.  She performed in summer stock as part of the resident company of Priscilla Beach Theatre, from 1981 to 82, And  from 82 to 07 Peg was Producing Artistic Director of Theatre One Production,Inc. in Middleboro, where she co-produced 13 shows a season, ran a Children's Theatre Workshop and created a 10 min play festival "A Slice of Life." She produced and directed for two seasons, new works from playwrights both local and from all over the country. Theatre One Productions closed in 2007.  Peg has taught classes for Theatre and film for Cameo, The Boston Ballet's Summer program fo r Children and John Robert Powers. She has performed on stage with the Huntington Theatre Company, Speakeasy, Cent A stage, and other regional Theatre Companies. In film she can be seen in "The Departed," "Gone Baby Gone," and to be released next year "Tel-Tale," with Josh Lucas and directed by Michael Cuesto of "Six Feet Under." fame and director and executive  producer of Showtime's "Dexter." 
