Fantastic! A must see, unless you only go to movies for bloodshed and FX.
It won Best Movie of the Year for a reason!
Mozart 2009  •  Los Angeles, California  •  3 months ago
Honestly, as soon as I realized the movie is going to be silent AND in black and white, it was a true spoiler for me. Just like I can't stand ugly drawn cartoons/animations,I do not want to see silent movies! It has nothing to do with car chase,or bloodshed,violence or sex....Good lord,it is just soo not in my taste even though I am an artist myself
Gloria  •  3 months ago
What a beautiful movie!  Guess I like the old movies best.
Carol  •  4 months ago
I saw most of the movies up for awards and "The Artist" was the best hands down. All those who are making the negative comments 1) did not actually see it OR 2) are so use to car chase and explosion type movies that their brain could not comprehend a movie like this. You forgot after about ten minutes that this is a "no words" movie because the acting was so good that you knew exactly what was going on. I laughed and cried during this movie, understood the characters and related to them. A great, great movie!
RepMan... 3 months ago
Tammy from florida  •  Miami, Florida  •  3 months ago
This movie was awesome !!!!
It was nice that a movie was made that you do not see, nudity, people beeing cut up in pieces, car crashing, blood all over the place.. I enjoyed it very much....
LeahW  •  3 months ago
A beautiful film in every way.  Of course, I believe most will be taken by it in from the age group of 40s and up.  I'm not sure 20-somethings could handle it unless they incredibly mature.  The music was beautiful besides amazing acting.  I knew I heard the theme from "Vertigo." In case one is not familiar with "Vertigo." It is an Alfred Hitchcock film that entails a bit of thinking also.  If you are not into "thinking films," you may want to rent "Joe Dirt." The puppy in the film was top notch.  A feel good film!
shree  •  Kathmandu, Nepal  •  3 months ago
wow...what a movie...great to hear that this movie won the oscars...this jury of prestigious awards this year has been great...grammy to Adele no bieber...oscars to artist no twilight type movies...
LMC  •  New York, New York  •  4 months ago
Such a creative,stylish movie. Hope more people see it. For me, Jean Dujardin's performance was the most compelling but all those nominated were terrific, so any of them winning would have been okay. If Dujardin's English keeps improving  he can be a world-wide star, not just a French sensation.
anfernee  •  4 months ago
These people who are talking garbage about The Artist are pathetic. The point is about the story and the way it's tell. Of course, reality TV generation cannot understand that.
There is comment below of a guy saying "This is a GREAT example why I watched "The Walking Dead" and not the Oscars" . Guess what? this is the type of people who go herded and watch Transformers and Zombies, because they are actually wasting their time WATCHING TV .
I didn't watch  the Oscars either, I have better things to do than sitting in front of a TV set like a Sitting Dead, -that's probably why the people who made that comment feel so identify with such retarded movie.
I don't care at the end of the day if The Artist, or The Pimp, or The Monkey wins the Oscars, but if you are going to criticize something based on what you think is old, while looking stupid , then at least do not publish it on the internet and save some bits for other more thoughtful opinions
james m  •  4 months ago
Oscar winners are based on votes by people who works in the industry.  Many times it is the artistic value of the film that wins.  This is not a popularity contest.  If you want a movie to win based on how much people watch it or how much it made then watch the People's Choice Award or the MTV Movie Awards.  Those were based on people's votes.
Royalty 3 months ago
Thankfully "popularity" does not pick the Oscar winners. Otherwise the Twilight films would win Best Picture!
shree 3 months ago
people's vote...haha...rob pattinson best actor...twilight best movie...kristen best actress...and justin bieber best the music has to offer...that's people choice...haha...
erica  •  Indianapolis, Indiana  •  4 months ago
The Artist was a great movie and I was very happy to see it win, but why are people talking and compairing a movie from 1993 to it that is in no way in the same style or classing of films?
Wilberforce  •  4 months ago
I prefer the 3 stooges if I'm going to watch black and white
geri 4 months ago
there isn't a movie made without the efforts, creativity and money of so many.But to say that The Artist was a waste of your time is really funny! Yes, the 3 Stooges are your models. LOL
Jonny  •  4 months ago
Did we run out of scripts? Color film? This won over Moneyball? Seriously?
LeahW 3 months ago
Yes, they washed their hair.
Rodney 1 month 17 days ago
Wow! It perplexes me that so many individuals out there are disheartened by something that is so historical and groundbreaking. Silent films are what created the whole industry as we know it today, and seriously, too many filmmakers and audiences take it for granted that we have little trinkets of audio, color, and special fx. Filmmakers and actors could not rely on things like dialogue to express feelings which makes their acting so much more compelling and complex. They had to express a variety of emotions simply by body language and motion.
Simply, the film was advertised as a silent, B&W film- a throwback to the origins of cinema. If any of you were not interested in such a film, then why go see it?!
RickW  •  Los Angeles, California  •  3 months ago
The title says it all! The early scenes with the various simultaneous view perspectives (you, the silent screen audience, and the artists therein were simply enchanting! The lead actor and actress were absolutely mesmerizing to the point where you did not know which to appreciate and enjoy more...their portrayed characters or the artistic chemistry of acting performance rendered. If you can appreciate the simple innocence and wholesome good intent of an era that once was...then this movie will enchant you. Movie buffs...enjoy!
debbi  •  San Luis Obispo, California  •  4 months ago
I suspected I would like this movie for the genre and the costumes and because I am a huge William Powell fan.  love this movie for it's gorgeous look, sparkling performances by everyone, including Uggy the dog, but especially it's lead actors, Berenice Bejo and a brilliant performance by Jean Dujardin.  He is playing two roles in this movie - the actor within the world of fantasy and a real man left behind when technology and the stock market crash change his world.  If you're not very sentimental about Hollywood's heydey or can't enjoy a rousing dance number, or get lost in a love story, then this Valentine of a movie is not for you.  I loved it.  If movies were like this, I'd go every Saturday.
Zahra 2 months ago
