Go to the AHIRC Site .
 
Program Description
Our Artists Health Insurance Resource Center (AHIRC) has been connecting artists, craftspeople and entertainment industry workers around the country to health insurance and affordable health care since 1998.
Getting health insurance or finding quality medical care is a constant concern for anyone who is uninsured or who isn’t covered by an employer, union or government health plan. The Center identifies alternative routes to coverage and local resources for care for performers, visual artists, stagehands, filmmakers, musicians, artisans, and other self-employed and episodic workers.
With offices in New York and Los Angeles and a staff that is experienced  in health insurance and health care counseling, AHIRC takes a multi-faceted approach to the problem of health care access.  Its services include:
One-to-one counseling in person, by phone and through e-mail.
The Access to Health Insurance/Resources for Care Web site ( www.ahirc.org ) that contains more than 6,000 links to national, state and local information and assistance.
Regular workshops and seminars on topics such as “Getting and Keeping Health Insurance,” “Health Care Options for People Over 65,” and “Dealing with Medical Debt.”
Community outreach through participation in health fairs, arts conferences and other local events.
Advocating for legislative changes that will make health insurance more affordable – for example, the successful fight for a COBRA subsidy in New York State for entertainment industry workers.   To apply for the subsidy, please visit the NY State Insurance Department website .
Eligibility
AHIRC’s services are available to all entertainment and arts-related professionals.  
Health Care Reform
The Artists Health Insurance Resource Center has produced a concise and readable guide to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, otherwise known as the health care reform law. This guide clearly explains the most significant programs and reforms, with special emphasis on those that directly impact artists and entertainers.  Every Artist Insured: Understanding Health Care Reform  is written in a practical Q & A format and includes a timeline and links to pertinent websites.  
AHIRC's EVERY ARTIST INSURED TOUR 2010-11
The Actors Fund’s Artists Health Insurance Resource Center (AHIRC) is proud to announce AHIRC’s EVERY ARTIST INSURED Tour 2010-11 . In the coming months, The Fund’s AHIRC team of health insurance experts, through partnerships with local arts organizations, will reach out to performing arts and entertainment professionals, as well as visual artists, across the country, with seminars and workshops to help explain how health care reform offers new and affordable options for coverage. Click here to register and for the latest tour information.   
City Guides
The Artists Health Insurance Resource Center has written brief guides on getting affordable health care and health insurance in cities around the country. These guides outline public and private health insurance options in a practical Q & A format. Included are links to pertinent websites and phone numbers of selected clinics and pharmacies. Please click on a city below to download the guide.
