Gary ‘Litefoot’ Davis appointed NCAIED President/CEO
Gary Davis, President and CEO of the NCAIED
Mesa, AZ. June 7, 2012 – The National Center for American Indian Enterprise Development (NCAIED) is pleased to announce the appointment of Gary ‘Litefoot’ Davis as the official President and Chief Executive Officer of the organization.
“We are living in a new economy where business changes rapidly. An organization’s success in adapting to that change and implementing new ideas depends upon the strength of its leadership,” said Margo Gray Proctor, NCAIED Chairwoman. “Mr. Davis is a strong and dynamic leader who possesses the skills and experience to advance the goals and vision of the NCAIED in an ever-changing business environment. As a previous member of the NCAIED Board of Directors and as the interim CEO, Mr. Davis has already added tremendous value to our organization and we are confident that he will take us to the next level of growth for the betterment of Indian Country.”
Mr. Davis, a citizen of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma, brings with him over 20 years of vast national business and entrepreneurial experience which includes small business management and operations, corporate consulting, tribal government relations, non-profit operations, and working with federal agencies and programs. Starting in 1992, Mr. Davis has founded several companies including Litefoot Enterprises, L.L.C., a consulting, apparel, and entertainment company which facilitated several multi-million dollar projects in Indian Country and is responsible for the hugely successful Native Style® clothing and accessory line. In 2001, Mr. Davis co-founded the Association for American Indian Development, Inc., a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization aimed at empowering Native American communities through its popular Reach the Rez Project. His newest company is the Litefoot Entertainment Group, a full-service booking, merchandising, and marketing company that specializes in expanding the reach of successful Native American public figures.
Mr. Davis previously served as Vice President of Native Affairs for the Triple Five Group, owners of the world’s largest shopping malls such as the famous Mall of America and the West Edmonton Mall. He also served as the co-chair of the American Indian Business Network, a venture of the National Indian Gaming Association (NIGA). Before being appointed as the new President and CEO of NCAIED, Mr. Davis served on the organization’s Board of Directors and was named interim President/CEO for four months beginning in January 2012. Mr. Davis’ facilitation of business opportunities in Indian Country, from casino gaming, hospitality, land development, and various green energy initiatives, aligns with the NCAIED’s motto of “Putting Indian Country to Work!”
“We could not ask for a more qualified, professional, and personable individual to lead this organization,” said Susan Masten, NCAIED Vice Chairwoman.
“I am greatly honored for the opportunity to serve as the NCAIED’s President and CEO. I extend my sincerest gratitude and appreciation to the Board of Directors for their support,” said Mr. Davis. “The need for Indian Country to diversify and globalize its economic development opportunities has never been greater and I look forward to leading the NCAIED in that movement.”
Founded in 1969, the NCAIED is an American Indian national organization governed by a Native American Board of Directors that promotes and advocates commerce for tribal, private, and native business. It is the oldest and largest American Indian specific economic and business development organization in the nation. The NCAIED’s signature event is the Reservation Economic Summit (RES), the premiere American Indian economic and business development conference in the nation. RES2013 will be held from March 11th-14th at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada.
