Voice
This text will be replaced by the flash music player.
I've been a working voice-over professional for more than 20 years. At the tender age of 15, I recorded at Raleigh's Soundtrax in front of the U87 that still hangs in that top-notch studio. A few years later, I turned pro and since then, I've voiced thousands of commercials and narrations for many of the area's leading companies and institutions. I've even hooked into a few nationals as well.
If you're looking for a tried and true professional who has that young, energetic sound, give my demos a listen. My in-home studio is up to professional  specs so you can be sure that if I track it, it will be recorded the right way.
Download Voice Demos
Sports
Since 2004, I have called hundreds of high school and college football and basketball games. Most of these games, both regular season and playoff games, have been televised statewide on Time Warner Cable in North Carolina.
I've covered the NCHSAA finals in football and basketball for Time Warner Cable each of the past 5 years. Highlights include Wakefield High School's 2006 run to the state championship in basketball, East Carolina's first-ever home win over NC State in 2008, the many Independence v Butler rivalry games, and Ian Miller's last-second shot to beat John Wall's Word of God team in the NCISAA finals in 2009.
In the 2009-2010 season, I've called the 1A and 1AA NCHSAA football championships, and all 9 NCISAA finals in football and basketball for Time Warner Cable. I'be also called the majority of Lady Eagles Basketball games for the NCCU Sports Network this season.
Through the years I've paid some dues but I've loved every minute of it. I've frozen in some ancient high school press boxes, done games in the rain from the bleachers, and even called an 8-man game standing in the back of a team dad's pickup! I've also had the pleasure of calling games from the press boxes at Carter-Finley, Grove Stadium, and from the sidelines at Minges Coliseum, the Dean Dome, Carmichael Gym, Lawrence Joel, and Reynolds Coliseum.
So many folks have helped me along the way. Sincere thanks to Bob and Rich Ohmann, Chuck Hess, Dexter Cooley, Earl Smith, Scott MCinnes, Ned Gonet, Greg Cox, Erik Smith, Patrick Harrell, Scott Rucci, Robert Warren, Greg Mayer, Tommy Love, Stan Lewter, Kyle Serba, and Chris Hooks.
Partners
Studio
Located in the heart of RTP, 10 minutes from RDU airport.  Spacious control room, fully treated isolation booth.  Signal chain includes Neumann TLM 103, Grace Design M101 microphone pre-amp and Lynx L22 professional audio card on Adobe Audition. Video capability includes Panasonic HPX170 HD Camera.
Contact Me
Summary
I specialize in voice production and narration work. I am an actor first and my reads always deliver the meaning in your words.
I work as a local in RTP, Charlotte, Richmond, Wilmington, and Atlanta. I can deliver via FTP and ISDN.
