 
Welcome to Indiankalakar.com
Indiankalakar.com is a social media online website, a marvelous platform which invites unknown talent from the land of cultural values, India. India is the land of numerous talented jewels like Tansen, Lata Mangeshkar, Birju Maharaj, Amjad Ali Khan and many remarkable people.Music and dance are art forms that never cease to spread their fragrance and embody the culture and tradition of a region. To diversify this and to maintain the spirit, our site allows the true artists from different areas of interest. We intend to help Indian singers, dancers, models, actors and other artists move ahead to maintain the tradition of classical music, art of Indian classical Dance and power of Indian instrumental music to embark and to present the aroma.
         This platform is built to express your talent and showcase your work. Also it allows the talents like poetry writer, lyricist and even composer to upload their Audio and Video Performances and find their way through this. As we have lot of Indian talents, in the visage of Indian singers, Indian dancers that will be our future Indian Artist.
          
          We believe such interactions amongst singers, dancers, models and various artists lead to the enrichment of intercultural understanding of the artists and their audiences. This platform also leads to improvements in the skills of the artists involved. Today you can easily utilize the power of the internet by putting yourself and your band/ensemble on IndianKalakar. It is free to get listed and the results are immediate. We also provide a huge collection of Hindi , Tamil and Telugu Video Songs from Bollywood, Tamil and Telugu Movies and Albums.
Interested individuals should note that the registration process is free and all you need is to join by clicking the the sign up option and make yourself register! 
                 
To Register , please click here
 
Testimonial
Indian Kalakar website has helped me in promoting my works. I find Indian Kalakar is a unique site for Artists who can get web visibility through this site easily instead of partnering with media agencies. I am happy to be associated with Indian Kalakar. Good work, please  keep it up.
Lupamudra Banerjee
If you would like to share your feedback, please click here
 
