What concepts are lurking in your lexicon? What concepts do you use to derive the nature of this world and universe? Can you define them in clear and understandable terms? Can your favorite spiritual authors?
11.05.2009
Categories: Awareness | Add a Comment
A good friend of mine called last night to tell me about four new casinos to be built in Cleveland, OH by the owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers. A public vote for approval named Issue 3 passed 53 percent to 47 present. The justification for these casinos was to keep money made in the state, [...]
10.19.2009
Categories: Awareness , Health | Add a Comment
In the emotional and polarized debate about the use of vaccines to treat influenza I have yet to hear any debate about prevention. Seems there is a simplistic, dualistic, argument with only two sides. Red flags should be raised when any debate has torn your only two options asunder. First off H1N1, or any virus [...]
09.29.2009
Categories: Art , Personal | Add a Comment
I’ve been in conflict with my day job for quite sometime. I’ve been in the computer field for nearly fifteen years. Most of my day is a repetition of tasks and problems that I’ve dealt with for more than a decade. I don’t get excited about new software or newly acquired skills in the way [...]
09.10.2009
Categories: Awareness | Add a Comment
I must say, Obama’s speech last night was a good one. He was both on script and spoke with emotion and personal conviction. Reminds me of the Obama that most voters felt was the best choice as the leader of the executive branch of the government. I’ve been very critical of this administration and congress [...]
08.21.2009
Categories: Humor , Music | Add a Comment
Hipster: A person who does what everyone else does, as long as that everyone else isn’t like anyone else. I’m not trying to give Hipsters a bad rap here. Who can blame them? We live in a manufactured culture. Seems that personalities and ones sense of self also comes prefabricated. Rather than an organic, growing [...]
08.18.2009
Categories: Awareness | Add a Comment
Why would Fox try to scare people? Aye there’s the rub. Well, in the US it seems that all the most important and recent legislation comes at the hands of phrases like, “impending doom if we don’t pass this”. Or, “too big to fail, and there will be a domino effect!” When you can evoke [...]
06.18.2009
Categories: Awareness | Add a Comment
It seems that North Korea is in the foreground again. Something doesn’t smell right. North Korea is a tiny, poor, and isolated nation. What on this earth could North Korea possibly stand to gain by attacking any other country, much less the US? Nothing! There is no possible reason to actually carry out an attack. They [...]
Tags
