Acting and Corporate Headshots of the Day
 
Welcome to my website for Head Shot Photography and Executive Portraits
If you've been looking for great headshots and a great headshot photography experience that's pain free and gets results, you have come
to the right place.  I’m a headshot photographer that shoots digital headshots and specializes in bringing out your personality.
For LA headshots and Hollywood Headshots , the best headshot photographers are using natural light.  We will discuss your
headshot needs, including your age range and the type of auditions you are trying to target. To provide you with the best digital headshots , we will discuss the
different approaches for commercial headshots and theatrical headshots .  For great actor headshots , always bring plenty of options for clothing so that you don’t
limit headshot photographers .  Top headshot photographers will always help you choose the best outfit for each look.  Like myself, most headshot photographers
in LA shoot digitally, giving you the opportunity to review every shot taken.  For the best headshots there is no limit on how much I shoot.  I shoot until we have
what we need for an actor's headshot and we are comfortable moving on to the next commercial headshot .  All images will later be edited down to the best
Los Angeles Headshot Photography
Most Headshot Photography requires a makeup artist on location.  Although not a requirement with me, for best results for headshots in Los Angeles ,
a makeup artist will be provided for you.  The makeup provided will be light and natural for actress headshots .  Professional headshot photographers
will never want to change your face!  Headshots for actors should always look natural to make sure that in the end, the face on the actress headshot
will represent what you look like.  Head shots in Los Angeles usually have makeup on men as well.  Los Angeles headshot trends have now shifted
exclusively towards color actor headshots . As a headshot photographer in Los Angeles , I recommend makeup for color actor headshots even for men. 
Color headshots photography tends to show every tonal variation and imperfection on your skin.  Most photographers for headshots ask that you come
with your hair done as makeup artists usually don't style hair for actors headshot photography . 
Headshot Photographer in Los Angeles
There is no reason why commercial headshot range cannot be displayed in every Head shot Photography . People have many sides to their headshots portraits
and if they brought out all of it in great headshots and created 3 to 4 specific headshots displaying range in their Headshots LA , then they are doing
everything they can to have as many head shots Los Angeles as possible. I see too much Head shot Photography of people trying to look serious with
Headshot Photography in Los Angeles
As for wardrobe for professional head shots , please bring your favorite clothes with lots of options even though an acting headshot is cropped pretty tightly.
  Wardrobe should be pattern free for actor head shots so that your face remains the focus.  For color headshots , you need to bring bright and saturated colors.
  If you want casting directors to click on your actor headshot online, make sure you pop with bright colors.
Professional Digital Headshot Photography, Executive Portraits
We do corporate portraits and executive headshots for all kinds of businesses including: start up companies like YouMail, to well established companies like XM.
Whether you’re a doctor, a lawyer, or a realtor, you may find yourself needing professional portraiture for your company website or for self-promotion.
In business, Professional corporate executive portraits are the best way to market yourself effectively. If you’ve never had the experience of shooting a
professional headshot , don’t worry you’re in good hands. As a portrait photographer I direct you and get           you talking about yourself so that your focus
becomes having fun           rather than how you look in your individual corporate headshots. Your business headshots or business portraits will have a lot of warmth.
Corporate Portrait Photography
There are different types of corporate photographers with differnt styles of corporate photography .  My personal preference is to create corporate photographs
or an executive portrait that has a lot of life.            The best executive headshot is one with warmth. Professional portrait photography has shifted gears
in the last few years.  The kind of corporate photo that's in demand is no longer posed; rather, the best business headshot seems to create a window into the
portraits taker's personality. Corporate head shots are usually done on location in the building of your company with studio lighting.
Corporate Headshots
A typical corporate portraits session would include shooting ten or more people at the same location on the same day, to help keep costs down.
If natural light portrait photography is preferred, it is offered as an option if the company location is appropriate, otherwise, most executive portrait photographers
bring studio lighting to give corporate photogrpahs the fromality they need.            For the best corporate lawyer photo , a lawyer photograopher may sometimes do
a variety of both natural and studio light           giving the client professional portraits that have a lot more range.
Executive Portraits Photographer
A professional photographer will always bring a crew consisting of a makeup artist and assistant to help with the shoot. The assistant helps with transporting
and setting up lights for the portable business portrait studio and the makeup artist helps you look as good as you can for camera without looking like you have
any makeup on. Even a corporate photo needs a little makeup. If you wish to have executive portraits with the same results as what you see in my porfolio,
makeup is very much a part of the end result.  Professional makeup for executive portraiture is applied lightly but with enough coverage for camera.
Corporate Portraits
Professional photographers offer different packages for a corporate headshot session. Most portrait photographers , including myself,
provide online proof sheets for viewing images. Any CDs with professional corporate photography are custom made to order depending on whether or not you
need master files for press or publication, or if you need files for web use only.  Most executive photography packages include at least one
professional corporate head shot that's been lightly retouched, otherwise corporate portrait photograhers offer varying packages.           Give us a call
for a croporate head shots with personality package tailored to your needs! We also have many headshot resources for actors and headshot photographers.
Vanie Poyey Headshot Photography is based in Los Angeles, but serves surrounding cities of Southern California, including Hollywood, Studio City, Culver City,
Santa Monica, Brentwood, Burbank, Venice,  North Hollywood, Beverly Hills, Pasadena,           South Bay, Downtown LA, Echo Park, Silverlake, Encino,            Hermosa Beach,
Hollywood, Inglewood, Inland Empire, Irvine, L.A.,  Ontario, Laguna Beach, Orange County, Lawndale, La Mirada, Gardena, West Hollywood,
Long Beach, Agoura Hills, Alhambra, South Los Angeles, Los Feliz, North Hollywood, Malibu, Manhattan Beach, Glendale, Mar Vista, Marina Del Rey,
Topanga, Newport Beach, Northridge, North Hollywood, Oceanside, Oxnard, Pacific Palisades, Century City, Playa Del Rey, Canoga Park,            El Segundo,
Rancho Palos Verdes, Redondo Beach, Riverside, Rosemead, Rowland Heights, San Dimas, San Fernando, San Fernando Valley, Palos Verdes, Santa Ana,
Palm Springs, San Gabriel, Orange, Santa Clarita, Seal Beach, Sherman Oaks, Simi Valley, South Pasadena, Calabasas, Thousand Oaks, Tustin,
Valenica, Van Nuys, Walnut, West Covina, Redlands, West LA, West Los Angeles, Torrance,  Ventura, Westwood, Huntington Beach,           Whittier, etc.
 
