'DAPHNEWS' - Update Spring 2012.........................................................
May 2012
Daphne will be appearing, along with other Doctor Who stars including Paul McGann, Sylvester McCoy Yee jee Tso & Colin Baker at The Greatest Show in the Galaxy in Peterborough England May 12-13. Also featured will be a number of Star Trek guests.
March 2012
Daphne will be appearing, along with Doctor Who star Paul McGann at New York's ICON 31, The Northeast's Largest Convention of Science Fiction, Fact, and Fantasy on March 30-April 1. Other guests include Superman's Sarah Douglas, Doctor Who's Frazer Hines, Battlestar Gallactica's Rehka Sharma, Star Wars' Jeremy Bulloch and living legend Joshua Lou Friedman. Daphne will be singing tunes from her "Grace Notes" CD.
February 2012
Order now!
Daphne has penned a memoir entitled "Dead Woman Laughing" which was released at Gallifrey One's Convention. Reviews are very enthusiastic.
"Witty, self-effacing and painfully honest; the themes of life, death and laughter come together as Daphne Ashbrook recounts her many on-and off-screen scrapes with mortality.
Packed with rich anecdotes from her career in TV, stage and film, this refreshingly candid and conversational memoir spans a childhood in a theatrical family to pulling back the curtain of Hollywood, revealing the glamour and ridiculousness of a business mired in a struggle between art and profit.
Reflecting on her life and her career, Daphne discovers the surprising patterns and hilarious absurdities that accompany being a modern-day professional actor. The result is an amusing, informative and intimate memoir, enhanced with over 50 colour photos from Daphne’s personal and working lives. So pull up a barstool, grab a beer and lose yourself in Dead Woman Laughing."
February 2012
Daphne, Paul McGann & Yee Jee Tso were at Gallifrey One's Network 23 Doctor Who convention Feb 18-20. One of the main themes was the Doctor Who 1996 TV Movie, which finally was released in the US on DVD last year. Appearing along with Daphne and McGann & Tso, was Producer Philip Segal, Eric Roberts and others. One of the highlights was Daphne be singing from her "Grace Notes" CD. Surprise guest 'Pips' were McGann, Tso and comedian extraordinaire Charlie Ross.
You Tube Video:
DAPHNE ASHBROOK SINGS with PAUL MCGANN, YEE JEE TSO & CHARLIE ROSS
Summer 2011
Daphne directed the premiere episode of the upcoming webseries "The Mad Mission", which stars daughter Paton Ashbrook, who also co wrote and produces. Now in post production, each episode will be presented in a different genre. Stay tuned...
August 2011
Big Finish has just announced "Daphne Ashbrook and Yee Jee Tso, who played the Doctor’s companions Grace and Chang Lee in the TV Movie, are returning to Doctor Who to play new characters in an upcoming story. The forthcoming sixth season of The Companion Chronicles premieres with 'Tales from the Vault'. This is our most ambitious Companion Chronicle yet. The guest cast comprises Peter Purves as Steven Taylor, Wendy Padbury as Zoe Heriot, Katy Manning as Jo Grant and Mary Tamm as Romana."
click to order
July 2011
Daphne gave another performance of material from her CD "Grace Notes" at the LAZoo's Music in the Zoo night with David Vito Gregoli, Jim Tauber, Kirk and Mark Moulin to an appreciative audience. Word is the animals were very entertained as well.
June 2011
Daphne appeared along with other stars of such Sci Fi classics as Star Trek, Buck Rogers and of course, Doctor Who, at TrekExpo 2011 in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Friday - Saturday - Sunday June 24-26, 2011.
Daphne is sang selections from her recent CD "Grace Notes" at the John Q. Hammons Arena for a charity event.
April 2011
Daphne gave another stunning and intense performance recently in the long running series "NCIS". It stars the 'first genteman of the entertainment industry', Mark Harmon.
She played a mother who....oopps, no spoilers!
You can catch the episode from CBS' website
February 8, 2011
After years of legal manuvering, "Doctor Who the Movie" 1996, (starring Daphne, Paul McGann & Sylvester McCoy), will at long last be released in the United States! The two DVD set also stars Eric Roberts & Yee Jee Tso is slated for a February 8th release.
It's also just been re-released in the UK as part of a box set "Doctor Who Revisitations" with new commentaries & extras that will also accompany the upcoming  US version.
February 18-20, 2011
Gallifrey One, the annual North American Doctor Who celebration, the world's longest-running annual Doctor Who convention, begins it's Gallifrey One's Catch 22: Islands of Mystery convention Feb 18-20."We are pleased to welcome back DAPHNE ASHBROOK will be joining us again on Sunday for a signing of the first-ever release of the Doctor Who 1996 TV Movie on DVD early next month, as well as signing her new CD, 'Grace Notes'. We are happy to welcome Daphne Ashbrook back to this year's convention."
December 2010
Daphne has just completed her first album "Grace Notes". Earlier in her career, singing played a big part of her life & she's very excited about returning to music. This release features covers of her favorite songs by some of the most compelling singer/songwriters, including Joni Mitchell, Shawn Colvin, Patty Griffin and others. Guests artists include David Joyce (Burt Bacharach, Natalie Cole), Jim Tauber (Tori Amos), John Mahon (Elton John) & daughter singer/actor Paton Ashbrook. Produced by award winning LA Producer/multi instrumentalist David Vito Gregoli.
Early reviews are very posivitive!
click to order the CD!
November 2010
Daphne, Paul McGann, Yee Jee Tso & Sylvester McCoy were featured guests at the Doctor Who Convention "Dimensions" in Newcastle on Tyne, UK. Other guests included Colin Baker, Nicola Bryant, Beth Chalmbers, Nicholas Briggs, Charlie Ross, Matthew Waterhouse, Keith Temple & Jennie Linden.
Daphne also made a number of personal appearances up & down the UK to enthusiatic audiences.
November 2010
Daphne appeared in the latest series in Dick Wolf's Law & Order franchise, 'Law & Order Los Angeles'. It stars Alfred Molina, Terrance Howard & Skeet Ulrich.
October 2010
Daphne was a featured guest at the New York Comic-Con Convention in New York. It was her first appearance at a 'comic-con' and was very well recieved.
May 2010
Daphne & Sylvester McCoy were Guests of Honor at the Doctor Who Sci Fi Cruise from Seattle/Vancouver to Alaska. Check out the blog for photos. However, she was not able to see Russia from the deck of the boat, contrary to Sarah Palin's assertions.
February 2010
Daphne & Yee Jee Tso were surprise guests at the Doctor Who convention "Gallifrey One" in LA. The session was taped live for the podcast Doctor Who: Podshock. Check it out on iTunes.
Back in Nov. 2009 Daphne & Paul McGann headlined the Doctor Who convention "Chicago Tardis" in Chicago. It was the first time they, along w/co-star YeeJee Tso, had appeared together. They set attendance records and the fans had a 'fantabulous' time. Paul and Daphne did a wonderful interview w/ Doctor Who: Podshock that's available on iTunes and the usual sources.
In 2009 saw the premiere of the feature film "The Lodger" starring Hope Davis & Alfred Molina --- and featured Daphne.
Daphne also resumed work writing a TV Pilot and a few other writing projects.
Recent TV appearances:
Daphne appeared in CBS' "Ghost Whisperer" & "Without a Trace".
Daphne also contributed back vocals on the recent world music CD "Bhajan Beats" by Mala Ganguly
...more news coming soon!
