Action: The cue that is shouted when the camera starts rolling
A.D.: Assistant Director
Ad Lib: made up dialogue that is not scripted; a form of improvisation
Art Director: Person who creates and designs sets
Avail: a courtesy situation extended by an agent to a producer indicating that a performer is available to work a certain job. Avails have no legal or contractual status
Background Talent: Also known as extras
Best Boy: In films, the assistant to the electrician
Billing: The order of the names in the titles or opening credits of a film or television show
Bio: (or biography) A resume in narrative form usually for a printed program or press release
Blocking: The physical movements used by actors in a scene
Booking: A firm commitment to a performer to do a specific job
Boom: An overhead microphone, often used on-set, usually mounted on an extended pole
Breakdown: A detailed listing and description of roles available for casting in a production
Buyout: An offer of full payment in lieu of residuals, when the contract permits
Callback: A follow-up audition
Call sheet: Production term for daily listing of shooting schedule, scenes and cast involved
Call time: The time you are due on a set
Cattle call: often known as an “open call”, a large open audition
Close-up (CU): Camera term for a tight shot of the shoulders and face
Cold reading: An unrehearsed reading of a scene, usually at auditions
Commissions: Percentage of a performer’s earnings paid to an agent’s managers for their services
Composite: A one-sheet of photos representing an actor’s different “looks”
Conflict: Status of being paid for services in a commercial for one advertiser, thereby contractually preventing performing services in a commercial for a competitor
Copy: The script for a commercial or voice-over
Craft services: On-set catering
Dailies: Screening of footage before it is edited
Day-player: A performer hired on a day-to-day basis, rather than under a long term contract
Downgrade: Reduction of a performer’s on-camera role from principal to extra
D.P.: Director of Photography of Cinematographer
Dress the set: To add items/props to the set
Drive-on pass: A pass to drive on and park at a studio
Emancipated minor: A minor under 18 who has been given the status of a legal adult by a judge
Employer of Record (EOR): The company responsible for employment taxes and unemployment benefits
Executive Producer: The person responsible for funding a production
EXT. (Exterior): A scene shot outside
Field rep: SAG or AFTRA staff member who ensures contractual compliance on a set
Forced call: A call to work less than 12 hours after dismissal of the previous day
FX (Effects): Special Effects
Gaffer: A crew member who places lighting instruments
GED: General Equivalency Diploma
Golden time: Overtime after the 16th hour
Grip: A crew member who moves set pieces or props
Hiatus: Time when a TV series is in between production
Hold: A contractual obligation for a performer to be available for work
Holding fee: Set payment by an advertiser to retain the right to use a performer’s services, images or likeness on an exclusive basis
Industrial: Non-broadcast, often educational films
INT. (Interior): A scene shot indoors
In time: The actual call time or start time; also refers to return time from a break
Looping: An in-studio technique matching voice to picture (Also known as ADR)
Meal Penalty: A set fee paid by the producer for failure to provide meals as set by the contract
Monologue: A solo performance by an actor
Out time: The actual time after which you have changed out of wardrobe and are released
Overtime (OT): Work extending beyond the contractual workday
P.A.: Production Assistant
Pan: A camera shot which sweeps from side to side
Pick-up: an added take because of a problem with a shot
Pilot: The first show introducing the characters and situations for a potential series
Popping: A vocal term used to describe the sudden release of blocked air into a microphone causing a popping sound
POV shot: A point of view shot; camera angle from the perspective of one actor
Principal: A performer with lines or special business which advances the storyline
Producer: (or Line Producer) The person responsible for the day-to-day decision making on a production
Re-write: Changes in the scripts; often made using color-coded pages
Scale: Minimum payment for services under Union contracts
Scale+ 10: Minimum payment + 10% to cover agent’s commission
Script Supervisor: The crew member assigned to record all changes or actions as the production proceeds
Sides: Pages or scenes from a script used for auditions
Sight-and-sound: Parent’s right’s under Union contracts to be within the sight of the child performer at all times
Signatory: An employer who has agreed to produce under the terms of a union contract
Slate: A small chalkboard and clapper device, used to mark and identify shots for editing; also the verbal identification by a performer in a taped audition (i.e. “Slate your name.”)
Stage Manager: The person who oversees the technical aspects of an in-studio production
Stand-In: A stand-in for film and television is a person who substitutes for the actor before filming, for technical purposes such as lighting.
Station 12: At SAG, the office responsible for clearing SAG members to work
Studio Teacher: Set teacher or tutor, hired to provide education to working with young performers; also responsible for enforcing Child Labor Law
Stunt Coordinator: The persons in charge of designing and supervising the performance of stunts and hazardous activities
Submission: An agent’s suggestion to a casting director for a role in a certain production
Taft-Hartley: A federal statute which allows 30 days after first employment before being required to join a Union
Take: The clapboard indication of a shot “taken” or printed
Take 5: The announcement of a periodic five minute breaks
Waivers: Board-approved permission for deviation from the terms of a contract
Walk-on: A very brief role
Wardrobe: The clothing a performer wears on camera
Work Permit: A legal document required to allow a child to work, issued by various state or local agencies
Wrap: finishing a production
Working Hours of Minors In Films and Television
The amount of time minors are permitted at the place of employment within a twenty-four (24) hour period is limited according to age, as follows:
(a) Babies who have reached the age of fifteen (15) days but have not reached the age of six (6) months may be permitted to remain at the place of employment for a maximum of two (2) hours.
(1) The day's work shall not exceed twenty (20) minutes and under no conditions shall the baby be exposed to light of greater than one hundred (100) foot candlelight intensity for more than thirty (30) seconds at a time.
(2) When babies between the age of fifteen (15) days and six (6) weeks of age are employed, a nurse and a studio teacher must be provided for each three (3) or fewer babies. When infants from age six (6) weeks to six (6) months are employed, one (1) nurse and one (1) studio teacher must be provided for each ten (10) or fewer infants.
(b) Minors who have reached the age of six (6) months but who have not attained the age of two (2) years may be permitted at the place of employment for a maximum of four (4) hours. Such four (4)-hour period shall consist of not more than two (2) hours of work; the balance of the four (4)-hour period shall be rest and recreation.
(c) Minors who have reached the age of two (2) years but who have not attained the age of six (6) years may be permitted at the place of employment for a maximum of six (6) hours. Such six (6)-hour period shall consist of not more than three (3) hours of work; the balance of the six (6)-hour period shall be rest and recreation and/or education.
(d) Minors who have reached the age of six (6) years but have not attained the age of nine (9) years may be permitted at the place of employment for a maximum of eight (8) hours. Such eight (8)-hour period shall consist of not more than four (4) hours of work and at least three (3) hours of schooling when the minor's school is in session. The studio teacher shall assure that the minor receives up to one (1) hour of rest and recreation. On days when the minor's school is not in session, working hours may be increased to six (6) hours, with one (1) hour of rest and recreation.
(e) Minors who have reached the age of nine (9) years but who have not attained the age of sixteen (16) years may be permitted at the place of employment for a maximum of nine (9) hours. Such nine (9)-hour period shall consist of not more than five (5) hours of work and at least three (3) hours of schooling when the minor's school is in session. The studio teacher shall assure that the minor receives at least one (1) hour of rest and recreation. On days when the minor's school is not in session, working hours may be increased to seven (7) hours, with one (1) hour of rest and recreation.
(f) Minors who have reached the age of sixteen (16) years but who have not attained the age of eighteen (18) years may be permitted at the place of employment for a maximum of ten (10) hours. Such ten (10)-hour period shall consist of not more than six (6) hours of work and at least three (3) hours of schooling when the minor's school is in session, and one (1) hour of rest and recreation. On days when school is not in session, working hours may be increased to not more than eight (8) hours, with one (1) hour of rest and recreation.
(g) If emergency situations arise, for example, early morning or night exteriors shot as exteriors, live television or theatrical productions presented after the hours beyond which a minor may not work as prescribed by law, a request may be made to the Labor Commissioner for permission for the minor to work earlier or later than such hours. Each request shall be considered individually by the Division and must be submitted in writing at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the time needed.
(h) When any minor between ages fourteen (14) and eighteen (18) obtains permission from school authorities to work during school hours for a period not to exceed two (2) consecutive days, the working hours for such minor during either or both of such days may be extended to but shall not exceed eight (8) hours in twenty-four (24) hours.
(i) Twelve (12) hours must elapse between the minor's time of dismissal and time of call on the following day. If the minor's regular school starts less than twelve (12) hours after his or her dismissal time, the minor must be schooled the following day at the employer's place of business.
Kid Filmmakers Hosts Summer Camp in Rhode Island Movie Studio
What’s better than a Kid Filmmakers summer camp? A Kid Filmmakers summer camp held in an actual movie studio!
"Kay Studios is the only full-service motion picture company in Rhode Island ," says Kid Filmmaker’s founder and Executive Director Eleyne Austen Sharp. "Producing films in a real movie studio with a giant green screen will be a unique and exciting experience this summer."
Summer Shoot (Monday, July 27, 2009 thru Friday, July 31, 2009) is a working movie production unit. Held from 9 AM-4 PM at Kay Studios, 66 Valley Street in East Providence , Summer Shoot offers an intensive full-day curriculum for beginning and returning filmmakers, i.e. hands-on instruction in acting, animation, directing, editing, lighting, sound, makeup, screenwriting, set design and videography. Each crew (divided by age) will produce a documentary about peace or ecology, a Kid Filmmakers commercial, a silent film and drama, comedy or musical. Selected projects will appear on the Kid Filmmakers YouTube channel.
"Summer Shoot provides nearly 1800 minutes of professional filmmaking instruction in just 5 days," says Sharp. "The camp introduces young filmmakers to the Hollywood moviemaking experience, from planning and budgeting to getting the 'green light' from the studio, casting and producing the movie." Additionally, Summer Shoot offers daily movie screenings, production meetings and special guest speakers.
Space is available for 25 registrants, ages 10-15 years. Early Bird Registration is $325 per participant ($295 for returnees and Kid Filmmakers Club members) until March 1, 2009. After the Early Bird deadline, general registration is $365 per participant ($335 for returnees and Kid Filmmakers Club members). Registration includes a DVD copy of film projects and certificate of completion.
Now celebrating its eighth year, Kid Filmmakers is a traveling filmmaking academy for children, available year-round to schools and organizations for after school, weekend and summer programs. Faculty members are experienced film industry professionals with credits from MGM Pictures, Paramount , Warner Brothers, Dreamworks, Discovery Channel, NBC, PBS, ESPN, TNN, Turner Broadcasting, AOL/Time Warner and more.
For details, call (401) 294-4922 or write to: Eleyne Austen Sharp, Executive Director, Kid Filmmakers, P.O. Box 12 , Newport , RI 02840-0001 or visit the website at:
