HOME
I am not a talented individual. I wasn’t born with a natural aptitude for athletics or blessed with an instinctive gift for movement. What I am is a good student. Through careful observation and hard work I’ve learned that anybody can become good at something if they work hard enough, and that’s exactly what I’ve done. I am where I am because I’ve never given up. I’ve made every mistake in the book and know not to make them again. I’m always aspiring and never settling.
.
I’m an actor. I’m a stuntman. I’m a trainer.
.
I’m Allen Keng and this is my site.
.
(NEW!) Jackie Chan – A Brief History
Most of you will probably be aware of why I  was so pleased to meet Jackie Chan - he is after all well known all over the  globe - and you may have seen some of his films, but you may not know much of  the history of Jackie Chan. So, here is a little introduction to the man, and  although won’t give you much of an insight into quite what he represented to me  when I was growing up, it should show you more of why the man is a legend.
Read More
News: Wednesday, October, 20, 2010
Catch my role as the Tokyo Air Traffic Controller in the hit Discovery Channel Show “Mayday” in the episode called “The Target Is Destroyed” about a Korean Airlines flight that somehow goes missing…
News: Wednesday, June 23, 2010
Check out the new action packed series “Covert Affairs” starring Piper Perabo (Coyote Ugly) airing Tuesday, July 13, 2010.  See anyone familiar in the pilot?
News: Saturday, April 17, 2010
For those of you who missed it, check out my debut performance on the CTV/CBS co-production series “The Bridge” episode 1×06 “God Bless the Child” starring Aaron Douglas (Battlestar Galactica)!
NEWS: Sunday, March 21, 2010
A month after Chinese New Years and they are finally exposed…See all of the high jinks of the LIONS GONE BAD!!!  Thanks to the crew at Sunny Tang Martial Arts for helping to put this vid together!
NEWS: Thursday, March 11, 2010
Check the stunt I did for the movie “Red”.  It’s a twisted version of Little Red Riding Hood where werewolves run amuck!  In this scene I play a human werewolf – basically a human with werewolf-like abilities and I’m being shot at by the heroes.  You can’t tell from the angle but that was about a 9 foot jump onto the roof of the truck (which wasn’t very big)!  No pads, not mats, ALL ME!  1 take bing bam boom!
NEWS: Monday, January 4, 2010
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Get into shape with Monday & Friday Night Madness Open Gym Classes!  Take advantage of our MONTHLY PLANS !!  Get Training!
Remember: Everyday Is An Opportunity For Self Betterment
NEWS: November 30, 2009
Run!  Run! As fast as you can!  You can’t catch me I’m the gingerbread man!  This is the new Koodo spot that I did and yes, that’s ME in the gingerbread man costume!  My butt looks good in it don’tcha think??
NEWS: Saturday, November, 14, 2009
It’s been out for over a month and I kept missing it on TV, but I finally found it: 2 seconds of me eating a hot dog in a Centrum Vitamins commercial!  Check it out:
NEWS: Sunday, September 13, 2009
Catch yours truly opposite Kelly Rowan in a brief cameo in the made for TV movie “The Good Times Are Killing Me”
Synopsis:
“When power and scandal collide in a court of law, the line between fact and fiction can become easily blurred with crippling consequences. Executive produced by Shaftesbury Films (THE LISTENER, IN GOD’S COUNTRY) and Kelly Rowan (THE O.C., IN GOD’S COUNTRY), who also stars, the new CTV Original Movie THE GOOD TIMES ARE KILLING ME explores one lawyer’s journey to uncover the truth in the face of personal and professional disaster.
The two-hour drama follows Canadian lawyer Kate Derby (Rowan) who, in the middle of a controversial court case, suddenly finds herself committed to a British rehab centre for alcohol addiction.”
For full summary click here
Check out my actual scenes on the CTV website:
Scene 1: Time Code –  2:30 click here (wait for commercial to finish!)
Scene 2: Time Code –  7:10 click here (wait for commercial to finish!)
NEWS: Sunday, May 24, 2009
FINALLY!  It’s here!  The latest installment of “Meeting a Living Legend” is finally complete!  Read about my first day on set with JACKIE CHAN!  Click here !
If you haven’t read the story and want to start from the beginning click here!
NEWS: Tuesday, March 17, 2009
So I’ll be working on the new MMA movie “Death Warrior”.  They had a camera crew there at the rehearsal last Friday.  I thought they were just filming the fight for archival purposes, but it was actually a feature segment on MovieSet.com!  Check it out:
Affiliate Sites
