david@davideo.tv
NOTED DEAF ARTIST AND ACTOR CHUCK BAIRD PASSES AWAY
Chuck Baird, who was born on February 22, 1947, attended Kansas School for the Deaf, Gallaudet College (now Gallaudet University), and Rochester Institute of Technology.
Upon completing his education, Chuck spent five summers at National Theatre of the Deaf (NTD) as set carpenter and painter. He also did various jobs developing his art in Upstate New York and Delaware.
He then moved to Austin, Texas, to become a member of Spectrum which was nicknamed a “deaf art colony” from the late 70s to the early 80s.
In 1980, Chuck became an actor and set designer for NTD for 10 years. Had the lead role in three plays: “Heart of a Lonely Hunter,” “King of Hearts,” and “One More Spring.”
After his tenure at NTD, he lived in California and Arizona performing at local theaters.
He then worked for DawnSignPress, a San Diego-based publishing company, as an in-house artist creating a number of Deaf-related works which culminated in a coffee-table book containing 35 plates of his work.
He then went back to Kansas City and Tucson running his own painting studios. During this time, he traveled to paint murals or lead art workshops for deaf children at schools, summer camps, and art festivals.
His work led to the creation of a new art genre called Deaf View Image Art (De’VIA) with numerous art exhibits all over the world.
Gallaudet appointed Chuck to help coordinate the visual arts exhibitions for Deaf Way II in 2002. He also taught art there for one semester.
Chuck then relocated to Austin, Texas where he continued his work until his passing on February 10, 2012.
Monetary donations can be made to the Chuck Baird Fund c/o Dr. Steve Baldwin at 501 Havana Street, Austin, TX 78704 by February 24, 2012 or send flowers to Pam Farley at Bannockburn Baptist Church at 7100 Brodie Lane, Austin, TX 78745-502 by noon February 12, 2012.
-oOo-
Toni Dunne February 14th, 2012 at 8:10 am
Dear Chuck, all through your life you gave us new ways of looking at things and challenged us to understand life from a different perspective.  Thank you.  May you now rest in peace knowing that you definitely made an impact on many of us in this physical world. You will be missed!
i m really very loss chuck ,, he was wonderful guy artist and other manys actives i read lot about chuck,,,  i will miss him lot
regina
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail
Notify me of new posts by email.
 
