(in the NoHo Arts District)
Office: 818-766-2171
Email: info@actorsworkout.com
The Actors Workout Studio is a Los Angeles acting school that offers a safe and challenging work environment for the beginning or professional actor. The Studio is dedicated to
"I shy away from conventional acting classes. But once in a while you meet someone who inspires you.
Fran does!"
— Rene Russo
"Fran Montano inspires. He knows exactly what buttons to push to take his actors to their next level.   I'm a better and more confident actor today because of what I've learned from him."
— Sammy Williams, Tony Award Winner
for Best Actor,
A Chorus Line
"Fran's insight to acting is astounding. He's great at guiding actors into exploring their deepest and richest choices..."
— David Arata,
Oscar-Nominated Writer, Children of Men
"Fran finds what's
in an actor's way and breaks through it.
A must for any
serious actor."
— Lynda Goodfriend, Personal Manager
training and preparing actors for professional work in the film and television industry. Classes are small and very individualized. Everyone works—every class.
Classes at the Studio include Scene Study, Cold Reading, Improvisation, On-Camera Scene Study, Meisner Technique, and many other techniques designed to address the specific needs of the individual actor. Class members are also able to audition for parts in award-winning theatrical productions that are regularly staged in the Studio's two theater spaces.
Fran Montano is an Emmy award-winning acting coach and master teacher. He has been teaching acting in Los Angeles for over 15 years, based on the Meisner Technique as taught by the late Edward Kaye-Martin. He has performed in dozens of stage productions, television shows and films, and has directed and produced for both stage and television.
Fran is uniquely gifted in troubleshooting the particular blocks that are holding an actor back form reaching their full potential, and in helping them break through those blocks.
"Art is a process, a continual journey. There is no end goal for the artist, only a series of steps along the way. The growth of any artist is directly related to the risk, commitment, and discipline toward their work. The Actors Workout Studio is committed to the development and growth of the creative artist. This commitment involves professional training, coaching, performance, and networking opportunities in the entertainment industry."
at the Actors Workout Studio
Jun. 8 – Jul. 1, 2012
