Men love 'Girls. ' 'Madagascar 3' to stay on top. FCI's Locations Show brings the global stage to L.A. Record dollars in advertising 'up fronts' for TV..
A visitor talks with  representative Elijah Kahara (left) of Kenya during the Locations trade  show in 2007 in Santa Monica. (Ringo H.W. Chiu / June 15, 2012)
All stories in this post are from the LA Times Company Town blog. Click here for the latest industry news from the Los Angeles Times.
Film commissioners from  Indonesia to Uruguay to New Orleans will converge on the Los Angeles  Convention Center today for the annual Locations show.
More than  200 exhibitors from 40 countries will attend the two-day event, which is  expected to draw 2,500 film industry executives, producers and location  scouts eager to find the latest information about where to shoot their  projects and what kind of incentives they can fetch.
Hosted by the  Assn. of Film Commissioners International (AFCI), this year's event  marks the trade group's inaugural offering of speakers and panels on  production trends, tax credits, film financing and other topics.
"It's the first time we've  had a dialogue with ourselves about things we wanted to talk about,"  said AFCI Executive Director Martin Cuff. "This allows us to have a  different conversation about what film commissions are and to attract  people who might not otherwise come to the show."
It's also the  first time AFCI has held the event downtown. Last year, the Locations  Show commissioners gathered at the Burbank lot of Walt Disney Studios in conjunction with the Producers Guild of America. The show was previously held in Santa Monica.
One reason for the change in venue was because organizers wanted to hold the show concurrently with the opening weekend of the Los Angeles Film Festival ,  which is being held at nearby L.A. Live and runs through June 24; LAFF  is produced by the nonprofit arts organization Film Independent and  sponsored by The Times.
The Locations Show is free and open to the public.
Congress will hold a hearing on the future of video. (Associated Press / June 15, 2012)
 
The future of all video may be in the hands of Congress. The pay television business,  already under the microscope from the Department of Justice, will be the  subject of a congressional hearing as well.
Rep. Greg Walden (R-Ore.), chairman of the powerful House Communications and Technology  Subcommittee, has called for a meeting of media leaders to examine the  future of video and whether the current regulations for media companies,  specifically cable operators, have become out of date. The hearing has  been scheduled for June 27. No witnesses have been named yet.
“Since  the passage of the 1992 Cable Act there has been a sea change in the  way that consumers gain access to video content," Walden said in  announcing the hearing. The subcommittee, he added, "will examine how  advances in consumer electronics, broadcasting, cable, satellite, the  Internet and other platforms are changing how consumers access video  content, how those changes are impacted by existing regulations, and  what type of regimes should apply going forward."
The cable industry has been  clamoring for a review of the 1992 Cable Act, which was passed amid  concerns that cable had become a monopoly. Now, cable is facing  increased competition from satellite broadcasters such as DirecTV and Dish Network as well as telecommunication giants AT&T and Verizon .  Also, more and more consumers are opting to get content from digital  platforms via the Internet and bypass pay-TV services entirely.
Interestingly,  while Walden will be examining whether the cable industry needs to be  freed of current regulations, the Justice Department is investigating  whether cable and satellite operators are attempting to use their  leverage in the marketplace to squelch new competition from  Internet-based video delivery services.
Walden also announced that the subcommittee  will hold a hearing on July 10, 2012, on oversight of the Federal  Communications Commission. They will examine how the regulatory agency  operates and whether it is "implementing congressional priorities.”  
 The Skinny: Dan Patrick ends every Friday show by playing Arcade Fire's anthem  "Wake Up." I think I need a Friday exit song as well, so send  suggestions. Otherwise, I'm going with "Lawyers, Guns and Money."  Friday's headlines include a look at the weekend box office, who really  watches HBO 's "Girls" and a review of "Rock of Ages."
Daily Dose: Charlie Sheen still loves to trash "Two and a Half Men" both from when he was on it and now with his replacement Ashton Kutcher . Ironically though, FX is using its reruns of "Two and a Half Men" to promote the heck out of Sheen's new comedy "Anger Management," which premieres later this month. FX is banking on "Two and a Half Men" feeding Sheen's new show's eager viewers.
Back-to-back. " Madagascar 3 "  is projected to win the race at the box office for the second weekend  in a row with a take of more than $30 million. Second place may also be a  case of deja vu as "Prometheus" is expected to be runner-up. Among the new movies, "Rock of Ages" is forecast to take in about $23 million while Adam Sandler 's R-rated "That's My Boy" is likely to hit the $20 million mark. That would be something of a disappointment for Sandler. Box office previews from the Los Angeles Times and Variety .
You can do better, Adam. Adam Sandler typically banks on his fans not being influenced by  reviews before deciding whether to see his movies. It's usually paid  off. In its review, USA Today tries to remind Sandler that if he puts his mind to it, he can actually do quality work ( "Funny People," "Punch Drunk Love").  "For some reason, Sandler is hellbent on  perpetuating and repurposing his annoying brand of moronic,  preadolescent schtick," the paper said.
They didn't show them the money. Taking in around $9 billion in advertising commitments is nothing to sneeze at, but an analysis from Advertising Age says it's also nothing to get too excited about. The broadcasters -- ABC , CBS, NBC, Fox and the CW -- sold less inventory than in previous years. That's a sign that the  money advertisers were offering was less than they wanted and the  networks are betting demand and dollars will rise once the TV season  starts.
HBO's "Girls" has a big audience of boys. Credit: Getty Images. (Getty Images / June 15, 2012)
How else will we learn about our girlfriends or daughters? Vulture analyzed the ratings for HBO's critically acclaimed quirky sitcom  "Girls" and discovered that men are its biggest fans. About 56% of the  audience for "Girls" is male. I admit I'm one of them. For what it's  worth, more women watch "Girls" on HBO's on-demand channel after the  episode airs on the pay network's flagship channel than men. I could  make a joke about that being indicative of how women are never on time,  but I'd probably get in trouble for that.
Golden promotion opportunity. NBC unveiled its fall launch strategy and it's no surprise that the  Peacock network is banking on the Olympics providing it with a big  opportunity to reach large audiences. NBC will premiere two new comedies  -- "Animal Practice" and Matthew Perry 's "Go On" -- commercial-free during the two weeks the network is covering the Olympics. More from the New York Times .
Stand by your man. The latest accusations that Lance Armstrong 's career has been built on using performance-enhancing drugs don't appear to have damaged him with Madison Avenue. The New York Post says Nike and other companies that use Armstrong as a pitch man are  sticking with him.  Some people probably won't be satisfied unless video  emerges of Armstrong doping.
Inside the Los Angeles Times: Kenneth Turan on "Rock of Ages." You don't have to live in Dallas to enjoy TNT's new version of "Dallas ."
Follow me on Twitter and throw tranquility out the window. Twitter.com/JBFlint
