Movies of Lo lieh from Amazon
Maggie Cheung
.
.
Maggie Cheung Man-yuk (born 20 September 1964) is a Cannes Best Actress, Berlin Best Actress, five-time Hong Kong Film Award and five-time Taiwan Golden Horse winning Chinese actress from Hong Kong. Raised in England, she has over 70 films to her credit since starting her career in 1983. She is the first Asian actress to win a prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
Born in Hong Kong, Maggie Cheung Man-yuk's family roots are in Shanghai. In 1971, she entered Primary one of St. Paul's Convent School. Her merchant-class family emigrated from Hong Kong to the United Kingdom when she was eight. She spent part of her childhood and adolescence in the UK. She returned to Hong Kong in 1982 for vacation, but ended up staying for modeling assignments; she also got a sales job at Lane Crawford department store. In 1983, she entered the Miss Hong Kong pageant, where she was first runner-up and won the Miss Photogenic award. She was a semi-finalist in the Miss World pageant the same year.[1]
Prior to 1988, her screen appearance was often limited to cameo roles. One of Cheung's notable movie roles then is that of "May", the girlfriend of police detective "Kevin" Chan Ka Kui in Jackie Chan's Police Story series (however, she did not reprise the role in Police Story 4: First Strike or New Police Story). Maggie frequently cited her performance in the movie As Tears Go By (1988), her first of many collaborations with film director Wong Kar-Wai, as the piece that truly began her serious acting career. In Centre Stage, she performed in Cantonese , Mandarin and Shanghainese fluently, switching languages with ease. In Clean, she performed in fluent English, French and Cantonese. She is a polyglot as a result of her upbringing in Hong Kong and England.
Audiences outside Asia have become increasingly familiar with her work, including Irma Vep, Centre Stage, Chinese Box, In the Mood for Love, Hero, 2046, and, most recently, Clean.
Maggie Cheung Vids
by chinesemoviesrock | video info
245 ratings |     141,827 views
starting joey wong and maggie cheung and many more people which the names of i dont know enjoy and do suscribe and add .
automatically generated by YouTube
Movies of Maggie Cheung from Amazon
MIchelle Yeoh
.
.
Dato' Michelle Yeoh Choo-Kheng ; born 6 August 1962) is a BAFTA Award-nominated actress and dancer, well known for performing her own stunts in the action films that brought her to fame in the early 1990s.
Born in Ipoh, Malaysia (then Malaya), she is based in Hong Kong and was chosen by People magazine as one of the 50 Most Beautiful People in the World in 1997.
She is best known in the Western world for her roles in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies, playing Wai Lin, and the multiple Academy Award-winning Chinese action film Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, for which she was nominated the BAFTA for "Best Actress". In 2008, the film critic website Rotten Tomatoes ranked her the greatest action heroine of all time.[1]
She is credited as Michelle Khan in some of her earlier films
Michelle Yeoh Choo Kheng was born to a prominent ethnic Chinese family in Ipoh, Malaysia on August 6, 1962. Her parents are Janet Yeoh and Dato' Yeoh Kian Teik, a lawyer and MCA politician.[2] She was very active when she was young and had a passion for dance. She started to study ballet at the age of four years old. At 15 years old she moved with her parents to England, where she was enrolled in a boarding school. Yeoh later studied at the Royal Academy of Dance in London, majoring in Ballet. However, a spinal injury shattered her lifelong dream of being a prima ballerina, and she consequently had to switch her focus away from dance to choreography and other arts. She later received a B.A. degree in Creative Arts with a minor in Drama.
In 1983, at the age of 21, Yeoh won the Miss Malaysia beauty pageant. She was also Malaysia's representative at the 1983 Miss World pageant in London. From there, she appeared in a television commercial with Jackie Chan which caught the attention of a fledgling Hong Kong film production company, D&B Films.
MIchelle Yeoh Vids
Movies of MIchelle Yeoh from Amazon
Sammo Hung
.
.
Sammo Hung (born January 7, 1952) is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, producer and director, known for his work in many kung fu films and Hong Kong action cinema. He has been a fight choreographer for, amongst others, Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, King Hu, and John Woo.
Hung is one of the pivotal figures who spearheaded the Hong Kong New Wave movement of the 1980s, helped reinvent the martial arts genre and started the vampire-like Jiang Shi genre. He is widely credited with assisting many of his compatriots, giving them their starts in the Hong Kong film industry, by casting them in the films he produced, or giving them roles in the production crew.
In East Asia, it is common for people to address their elders or influential people with familial nouns as a sign of familiarity and respect. Jackie Chan, for example, is often addressed as "Dai Goh" , meaning Big Brother. Hung was also known as "Dai Goh", until the filming of Project A, which featured both actors. As Hung was the eldest of the kung fu "brothers", and the first to make a mark on the industry, he was given the nickname "Dai Goh Dai" , meaning, Big, Big Brother or Biggest Big Brother.[1]
Sammo Hung Vids
Movies of Sammo Hung from Amazon
Simon Yuen Siu-Tin (sam seed)
.
.
Yuen Siu Tien (1912-1980) (also known as Yuan Xiao Tian, Simon Yuen, Sam Seed or "Ol' Dirty") was a kung fu movie star in the 1970s. He starred in films with actors like Jackie Chan and under the direction of his son Yuen Woo-ping. He died of a heart attack in 1980.
Yuen Siu Tien trained in traditional Peking opera role of Wu-Shen. He began his acting career in the first Wong Fei Hung film to star Kwan Tak Hing, Story of Huang Feihong (1949), at the age of 37, though his film appearances were rare until the late 1950s. He is most well known for portraying mentors and Kung Fu masters. One of his most internationally well-known films came late in his career, Drunken Master (1978), in which he played Su Hua Chi (aka The Beggar So), an old hermit who had mastered the art of Drunken Boxing, aiding a young Wong Fei Hung, played by Jackie Chan. The role was a reprisal (in all but name) of the one he had played in another of Chan's films, Snake in the Eagle's Shadow (1978). At the time, Drunken Master proved to be the most successful film to feature Jackie Chan. The film portrayed Wong Fei Hung as a young and mischievous rascal as opposed to the venerable, confucian master of kung fu as played in many films by Kwan Tak Hing. The movie was a surprise international hit, and greatly helped to boost the career of the then 66 year old actor.
Sam Seed Vids
Movies of Sam Seed from Amazon
Sonny Chiba
.
.
Shinichi Chiba (born January 23, 1939), also known as Sonny Chiba, is a Japanese actor. Chiba was one of the first actors to achieve stardom through his skills in martial arts, initially in Japan and later before an international audience.
Born Sadaho Maeda in Fukuoka, Japan, he was the third of six children in the family of a military test pilot. As a boy, he manifested an interest in both theater and gymnastics, and he was serious enough about the latter to earn a place on the Japanese Olympic team in his late teens until he was sidelined by a back injury. While he was a university student, he began studying martial arts with the renowned World Karate Grand Master Masutatsu "Mas" Oyama (whom he later portrayed in a trilogy of films), leading to his becoming a first-degree black belt.
Sonny Chiba Vids
Movies of Sonny Chiba from Amazon
Yuen Biao
.
.
Yuen Biao (born 26 July 1957) is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist. He specialises in acrobatics and Chinese martial arts and has worked on over 80 films as actor, stuntman and action choreographer. Along with Peking Opera School "brothers" at the China Drama Academy, Sammo Hung and Jackie Chan, he was one of the Seven Little Fortunes.
Born (Hsia Ling-Jun) in Hong Kong, he was the fifth child in a family of eight children. At the age of 6, he was enrolled at the Peking Opera School The China Drama Academy. He was given the stage name Yuen Biao (Little Tiger) and trained alongside schoolmates Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Corey Yuen, Yuen Wah and several others who would later become famous in Hong Kong cinema. He quickly showed a talent for acrobatics, and remained at the school until the age of 16.[1] When he left, Yuen followed his classmate Sammo Hung into a career in the Hong Kong film industry.
[edit] Film career
Further information: Yuen Biao filmography
Yuen Biao has appeared in over 130 films to date. He has also played roles in 8 television series for Hong Kong channel TVB.
Yuen Biao Vids
by THERHKP | video info
9 ratings |     14,899 views
(Change speaker to the left for Cantonese)(Change speaker to the right for mandarin)  Director     Joe Cheung Tung-Cho       Script    Wong Kar-Wai     Barry Wong Ping-Yiu        Action Directors     Yuen Biao     Yuen Wah     Lam Ching-Ying (1)       Producer     Sammo Hung Kam-Bo               Cast    Lowell Lo Koon-Ting  ... 'Mustache' Lei Kung    Luk Siu-Fan  ... Rosa    Kara Hui Ying-Hung  ... Lei Kung's sister    Yuen Biao  ... 'Little monster' Hsia    Paul Chun Pui  ... Mr. Tien    James Tin Jun  ... Wang Ping Tang    Charlie Cho Cha-Lee  ... Li Wei Feng    Dick Wei  ... Tang's assistant in white suit    Chung Faat  ... Tang's assistant in black suit    Huang Ha  ... Chui Chow Han    Baan Yun-Sang  ... Roger    Billy Ching Sau-Yat  ... Siu Ba Wong    Hsu Hsia  ... Boss Ho Ka Lee  ... traffic cop    Yuen Miu  ... cop    Peter Chan Lung  ... Loanshark Tsai's son    Blacky Ko Sau-Leung  ... jeep driver who beat red traffic-light    Tai Bo  ... Moore, cop    Fung Ging-Man  ... Loanshark Ko Li Tsai    Tai San (1)  ... Man wearing black gloves in restaurant    Chan Chuen (1)  ... King Pickpocket    Felix Lok Ying-Kwan  ... car dealer    Chu Tau  ... Criminal Hsiung    Pang Yun-Cheung  ... cop    Cheung Wing-Cheung (2)  ... In-law Chung    Yeung Sai-Gwan  ... robber    Law Ho-Kai  ... Siu Kai    Yau Pooi-Ling  ... Mrs Tien    Chui Chung-Hok  ... one of Loanshark Tsai's men    Si Gaai-Keung  ... Fat Lion    Lee Chuen-Sing  ... hospital doctor    Lung Ying (2)  ... extra    Unknown SB-Actor(08)         Unknown 80s Police Actor (2)  ... Policeman at station    Lam Foo-Wai  ... extra    Unknown Stuntman (9)         Unknown SB-Actor(16)         Tse Fook-Yiu  ... one of Loanshark Tsai's men       Production Company    Bo Ho Films Co., Ltd.      Filming Company    Golden Harvest Productions      Production Manager    Jessica Chan Pooi-Wa     Au Gam-Bing (1)     Pad Lam Yan-Wai      Sound Recordist    Chow Shao-Lung      Art Director    Tony Au Ting-Ping      Script Supervisor    Lam Bing-Sang      Planning    Barry Wong Ping-Yiu      Makeup    Chow Man-Guen      Props    Ho Chieh-Fu      Cinematographer    Tom Lau Moon-Tong     Jimmy Leung Chi-Ming      Editor    Peter Cheung Yiu-Chung      Costume Designer    Chu Sheng-Shi     William Chang Suk-Ping      Presenter    Anthony Chow Deng-Au      Assistant Director    Wong Sek-Hung     Tai Gwan-Tak     Benz Kong To-Hoi      Composer    Lowell Lo Koon-Ting     Sherman Chow Gam-Cheung      Assistant Action Director    Chow Gam-Kong     Yuen Miu
automatically generated by YouTube
Movies of Yuen Biao from Amazon
What do you think
a%3A3%3A%7Bs%3A7%3A%22options%22%3Bs%3A131%3A%22e1fe55392e4402c757dd2452c4893aaf%2CYes%2C3ce62213c999fcaa8d2a068280f78c2d%2CNo%2Cdcff62a2fb9482e308f1662ac01f898c%2CSorta%26%2344%3B+they+are+ok...%22%3Bs%3A6%3A%22period%22%3Bs%3A2%3A%2260%22%3Bs%3A8%3A%22question%22%3Bs%3A33%3A%22Do+you+think+Kung+Fu+movies+Rule%3F%22%3B%7D
Loading poll.  Please Wait...
