Hazanavicius was also named best director for The Artist. "There are so many beautiful people here. I have to force myself not to ask for autographs," he said in his acceptance speech.
The nearly silent movie also picked up awards for its costume design and score.
PHOTOS: Critics' Choice Movie Awards Red Carpet Arrivals
George Clooney received the award for best actor for The Descendants. "I'm very proud to be in this film," said Clooney during his speech.
Viola Davis was named best actress for The Help. "I consider it an honor to pay homage to these woman who at that time period were not allowed to dream," said Davis in her powerful acceptance speech.
Davis' co-star, Octavia Spencer, was named best supporting actress for The Help.
Christopher Plummer was given the best supporting actor award for his work in Beginners. "I feel terribly young tonight," he told the audience during his acceptance speech. "You brought back my youth."
Best acting ensemble went to Tate Taylor's The Help. Spencer spoke for the group, thanking Steven Spielberg, Chris Columbus, Tate Taylor and Kathryne Stockett.
Bridesmaids took the best comedy award. Producer Judd Apatow, who was censored three times during his speech, ended his acceptance with, "Jerry Lewis once said that he didn't think that women were funny. I'd like to say, with all respect, f--ck you."
Best adapted screenplay went to Moneyball. Steve Zaillian, Aaron Sorkin and Stan Chervin accepted the award.
Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris was named best original screenplay.
Rango was named best animated film. Director Gore Verbinski accepted the award, saying, "Thanks for this tonight, it's a tremendous honor."
A Separation was named best foreign film, with director Asghar Farhadi accepting the award.
Thomas Horn from Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close received the best young actor or actress award.
The awards are voted by the more than 250 members of the Broadcast Film Critics Association, comprised of more than 250 TV, radio and online critics, who pride themselves on being a predictor of eventual Academy Award nominations and wins.
STORY: 'Hugo' and 'The Artist' Top the Broadcast Film Critics' List of Nominations With 11 Each
 
Last year, the BFCA chose The Social Network as best picture, although the corresponding Oscar ultimately went to The King’s Speech. But its four best acting winners – Colin Firth, Natalie Portman, Christian Bale and Melissa Leo – all proved to be victorious on Oscar night.
 
This year, heading into the Critics Choice Awards, both The Artist and Hugo led the list of nominees, with 11 nominations each. They were followed The Help and Drive, with eight noms each, and then by The Descendants and War Horse, which both collected seven noms.
 
Rob Huebel and Paul Scheer served as co-hosts of the awards ceremony, broadcast live by VH1.
 
