[ edit ] Early life
Dujardin was born and raised in Rueil-Malmaison ( Hauts-de-Seine , Île-de-France), a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, France. [2] After attending high school, he went to work for his parents' construction company. [3] Dujardin began contemplating a career in acting while serving his mandatory military service a few years later. [3]
[ edit ] Career
Dujardin photographed by Studio Harcourt in 2009.
Dujardin began his acting career performing a one-man show he wrote in various bars and cabarets in Paris. [3] He first gained attention when he appeared on the French talent show Graines de star in 1996 as part of the comedy group Nous C Nous, which was formed by members of the Carré blanc theater.
From 1999–2003, Dujardin starred in the France production of the originally Canadian comedy series Un gars, une fille , alongside his future wife Alexandra Lamy , before transitioning to a career in film. The TV series charted the path of a relationship; each episode was less than ten minutes long. In 2005, he portrayed the titular surfer in the popular comedic film Brice de Nice and performed on its accompanying soundtrack.
In 2006, Dujardin starred as racist, sexist secret agent Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath in the comedy OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies , a role which earned him an Etoile D'Or Award and a César Award nomination for Best Actor . The film's success spawned a sequel, OSS 117: Lost in Rio . In 2007, directed by Jan Kounen , he starred in the film 99F (99 francs) , a very successful existential parody of an advertising exec, adapted from the eponymous best-seller written by Frédéric Beigbeder . This same year, he ventured in drama for the first time on the silver screen, playing a tortured father and cop in Franck Mancuso's Contre-enquête . In 2009, he appeared in A Man and His Dog alongside screen legend Jean-Paul Belmondo , with whom he has often been compared. In 2010, he starred alongside Albert Dupontel , playing his character's cancer in The Clink of Ice , a French black comedy written and directed by Bertrand Blier .
In 2011, Dujardin starred as movie star George Valentin in the silent film The Artist , directed by Michel Hazanavicius . The film premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival , where he received the Best Actor Award . [4] His performance garnered much critical acclaim and he received numerous nominations, including the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor and the Screen Actors Guild for Best Actor . On 15 January 2012, Dujardin won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy . [5] On 24 January 2012, Dujardin received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor . [6] He later went on to win the Screen Actors Guild for Best Actor , and the BAFTA for Best Actor .He was also nominated for the César award of the best actor but lost it to newcomer Omar Sy for his role in the second most ever viewed movie in France The Intouchables .Dujardin went on to win the Best Actor award at the 84th Academy Awards . [7] . In effect he is the fourth French actor to be nominated for an Oscar and the first to win the Best Actor . [8] He has been described as France's answer to George Clooney . [9] Following his Oscar nomination for his role in The Artist, WME agency signed the actor. [10]
French film historian Tim Palmer has analyzed Dujardin's career and rise to success in France, noting how his formative roles were often unredeemable buffoons, very skilful portrayals of child-like men who aggressively and unabashedly reject the responsibilities and compromises of adult life. Dujardin's breakthrough roles as Brice de Nice and OSS 117 exemplified this tendency. [11]
In 2012, he will appear in Les Infidèles set to release on 29 February in France. Dujardin's next projects include an Éric Rochant film titled Mobius with Cécile de France [12] and a remake of Claude Berri 's One Wild Moment (Un moment d'égarement) in which he will star opposite Vincent Cassel . [13]
