Board 8 user and moderator RySenkari did a list of who he believed to be the top 100 (English language) voiceover artists of all time. He did two seperate lists of 100: one for males, and one for females.
The List (2011)
Edit
#100 (Male): Dante Basco Notable roles: Zuko (Avatar: The Last Airbender), Jake Long (American Dragon: Jake Long)
While many may be chanting "Rufio!" at the mention of his name, Dante Basco has been far more well known for his voice-over roles as late, particularly when he voiced the emotionally-conflicted Zuko in Avatar: The Last Airbender, arguably stealing the show with his portrayal of the Fire Nation prince. Basco's ability to play both serious and comedic characters has taken him far to this point in what I'm sure will be an outstanding voice acting career. He could use a bit more range, but his distinctive voice is well suited for a variety of characters, and he's already carved out a niche in the industry.
#100 (Female): Annick Obonsawin Notable roles: Sierra (Total Drama World Tour), Inez (Cyberchase)
Annick Obonsawin's standout role to date has undoubtedly been Sierra, the creepy, neurotic stalker from Total Drama World Tour. Love her or hate her, Sierra was definitely one of the show's funniest characters, and Ms. Obonsawin's amazing performance is certainly one of the major reasons why, arguably the best voice over performance of all of 2010. With a variety of roles in a burgeoning voiceover career (Inez from Cyberchase is surprisingly adorable with Annick voicing her, and her supporting roles in cartoons like Franklin have been show-stealers as well). With such a fantastic start to her voice-over career, Annick Obonsawin may soon be one of the all-time greats.
-
#99 (Male): Michael Reisz Notable roles: Matt Ishida (Digimon 01-02), Kevin Levin (Ben 10)
A talent who might be overlooked by typical voiceover enthusiasts, Michael Reisz has quietly established a fairly long resume, voicing a lot of younger male characters (most of them either troubled or simply mischievous). He has a pretty good range and has voiced characters from all over the emotional spectrum, bringing his excellent acting skills to his roles. He currently serves as the narrator for the E! network, keeping up his consistent track record of quality voicework.
#99 (Female): Jodi Forrest Notable roles: Jade (Beyond Good And Evil), Sissi Delmas (Code Lyoko)
Perhaps the most talented English language voice artist in France, Jodi Forrest is gifted with a tremendous vocal range which she brings to a variety of roles in cartoons and video games. She voices a number of characters in the cult animated hit Code Lyoko, including the bratty Sissi and the strict teacher Mrs. Hertz. Perhaps her best role, however, is that of the intrepid reporter Jade in Beyond Good And Evil, bringing an emotional involvement to the role that made her character one of the most well-received in gaming history. We're all hoping Jodi returns for the sequel.
-
#98 (Male): Rino Romano Notable roles: Luis Sera (Resident Evil 4), Tuxedo Mask (Sailor Moon)
A multi-talented actor with a number of prominent roles, Rino Romano's smooth voice and skilled emotional range has brought him to a prominent place in the voice acting industry. He's one of several actors (including several on this list) to portray Batman in an animated series, taking on the role in "The Batman" on WB a few years back. He was the first and probably best Tuxedo Mask, portraying the character before leaving Canada to take on more voice acting opportunities in Los Angeles. He was outstanding as Luis Sera and the dark horse of the game, effecting a skilled accent and great comic timing to help make the character one of the series' best.
#98 (Female): Jen Taylor Notable roles: Cortana (Halo), Princess Peach (Mario series)
Jen Taylor is most well known for voicing some of the most iconic characters in video game history, including a magnificent performance as Cortana, one of the most memorable in all of gaming and a role that's received numerous deserved accolades. It's almost overshadowed her roles with Nintendo, where she's done an outstanding job over many games as the sweet, pretty voice of Princess Peach. Despite a limited number of roles, Jen Taylor's impressive range has scored her a spot on this list, and as the years go by and the roles keep coming in, she could climb the list even further.
-
#97 (Male): Johnny Yong Bosch Notable roles: Vash the Stampede (Trigun), Ichigo Kurosaki (Bleach)
Who knew a Power Ranger would become one of the most prolific voice actors in the American anime industry? While he is frequently accused of being overused, and his voice is often easy to discern in his roles, Bosch brings a high level of talent to the variety of characters he plays, expressing their varying temperaments and always seeming to have fun with his roles. His "heroic" voice is a recognizable staple of anime dubs, and directors, for good reason, seem to keep casting him again and again. He does get the occasional chance to show off a bit of range, his role as Emil in Tales of Symphonia: Dawn of the New World was one of the more impressive performances in recent video game memory.
#97 (Female): Maryke Hendrikse Notable roles: Susan Test (Johnny Test), Lunamaria Hawke (Gundam Seed Destiny
It might be hard to pronounce her name, but it isn't hard to see Maryke's very impressive range among the numerous roles she plays, able to twist her voice into a variety of tones and flavors to suit her latest character. Though some of the shows she works on may be very unpopular (she has prominent roles on Johnny Test and Bratz), it's hard to deny the talent she brings to her many roles. Contrast a character like Lunamaria with the quirky Susan Test and you get an idea of the amount of talent she possesses. Obscure, yes, but highly skilled, and worthy of a spot on the list.
-
#96 (Male): Brian Doyle-Murray Notable roles: Captain K'nuckles (Flapjack), The Flying Dutchman (Spongebob Squarepants)
Though not as well known as his little brother Bill, Brian brings his distinctive voice and similar comedic gifts to a variety of roles in a number of (usually highly quirky) comedic cartoons. His scenes as the Flying Dutchman in Spongebob are always memorable, his bit part as Jack, Hank Hill's elderly barber in King of the Hill, is disturbingly hilarious, and his performance as K'nuckles is the centerpiece of one of the most uproarious animated shows of the past few years. Though Brian Doyle-Murray may never be a big screen star, his voice roles have made him a well-loved contributor to the entertainment industry and one of voiceover acting's brightest stars.
#96 (Female): Olivia D'Abo Notable roles: Tak (Invader Zim), Luminara (Star Wars: The Clone Wars)
One of two Wonder Years females to make the jump to voiceover stardom (Danica McKellar is also a rising star in the voiceover world), Olivia's jump has come as a natural extension of her musical talents. Her pretty British voice (which she disguised masterfully in her Wonder Years role) comes into full effect in her voiceover roles, she voiced Jane in the small screen series of Disney's Tarzan, and her role as Luminara in The Clone Wars brings a quiet dignity to the Jedi mistress. Her role as Tak in Invader Zim, however, may be her best, as she brings an almost psychopathic twinge to the scheming Irkan girl, making Tak's episode of Invader Zim one of the series' best, if not the best.
-
#95 (Male): Sam Vincent Notable roles: Edd (Ed, Edd, and Eddy), Billy (Martin Mystery)
Sam Vincent is one of those voice actors who's gone an awful long way with mostly one voice. In this case, it's that distinct, light, nasally voice that has landed him a ton of roles as various nerdy characters over the years, most notably Edd. Still, despite a relative lack of vocal range (though he is capable of sounding a lot more deeper and mature with his voice, which is impressive when he does it), his comedic skills keep audiences laughing time and time again, and not just because his voice mostly sounds funny. As long as people are looking for hilarious nerds, Sam Vincent will have work for a long, long time.
#95 (Female): Emilie-Claire Barlow Notable roles: Sailor Venus (Sailor Moon), Courtney (Total Drama series)
Though Emilie-Claire's true talents lie in the field of jazz singing (she's legitimately one of the best female jazz singers in the world), she's parlayed that golden voice into a fantastic voiceover career, starting as Sailor Mars and Sailor Venus (she was Mars one season and Venus the next, once she became Venus she was PERFECT), and she's even shown some range, using a more matronly voice for characters like Lo's mom in Stoked. And of course, whenever she's called on to sing, she nails it right out of the park. One of the very best of the Toronto-area voice actresses.
-
#94 (Male): Danny Mann Notable roles: Hector (Heathcliff), Ferdinand (Babe)
Danny Mann is an example of an actor who's done a little bit of everything, one of the most versatile and prolific actors on the list. He's been a fixture of the industry for the last 45 years, voicing everything from humans to cats to dogs and everything inbetween. He's also talented at producing animal sounds, voicing Radcliffe's pet dog in Pocahontas and providing a number of other animal sounds for series such as W.I.T.C.H., showing that Frank Welker isn't the only one to have cornered the market on animal noises. A versatile talent, Danny Mann more than deserves his spot at #94.
#94 (Female): Hilary Haag Notable roles: Hitomi (Appleseed), Riku Harada (D.N.Angel)
One of the very best at voicing cute little girls, Hilary Haag has been a very prolific figure in the anime voice dubbing community with a large number of roles to her name. She played the role of the lead character in Super Milk Chan, perhaps the funniest role of her career, though she's also been featured in a number of serious shows. Other roles she's performed include Tessa in Full Metal Panic and Becky in Pani Poni Dash. Definitely one of the funniest voice actresses in all of anime.
-
#93 (Male): Glenn Shadix Notable roles: The Mayor (The Nightmare Before Christmas), The Brain (Teen Titans
A multi-talented, very quirky actor, it seemed only natural that Shadix make the jump to voice acting, and with a number of memorable roles, he more than made an impression on the voice acting community before his life was tragically cut short last year. Though his role as the two-faced Mayor in the Nightmare Before Christmas was a hilarious way to show off his talents, two of his final roles, as two of the villains of the final season of Teen Titans, were perhaps his most impressive, voicing the computerized Brain as well as the strangely smart and cultured gorilla, Monsieur Mallah. With great comedic talent and excellent range, Glenn Shadix makes the list despite his fairly short resume.
#93 (Female): Brianne Siddall Notable roles: Mithos (Tales of Symphonia), Jim Hawking (Outlaw Star)
An actress specializing in voicing younger boys, Brianne Siddall has made the most of her vocal niche and has put together an impressive resume featuring a huge number of memorable characters. One of the best at portraying a range of emotions, Brianne's voices have appeared in dozens of anime series as well as numerous video games. Though Mithos and Jim are certainly outstanding and memorable roles, Brianne's cute turn as Calumon in Digimon Tamers provided one of the most humorous and adorable episodes of the series. She also voiced a large number of Power Rangers monsters, showing off the full range of her impressive vocal talents.
-
#92 (Male): Michael McConnohie Notable roles: Astaroth (Soul Calibur series), Margulis (Xenosaga series)
Another highly prolific voice actor with a long career in both anime and video games, Michael McConnohie has a distinct deep voice that has helped to land him numerous roles in all sorts of projects. He is a frequent feature in anime series, playing Charles in Code Geass, Enma in Naruto, and Big Daddy in Gungrave, among many, many, MANY other roles. He also appears in a lot of video games, doing the opening narration for Final Fantasy XI and voicing Astaroth in Soul Calibur. He's another one of those actors who may not be as well known as others in his field, but you hear him in pretty much everything and he undoubtedly enhances the voiceover industry with his fine work.
#92 (Female): Colleen Clinkenbeard Notable roles: Monkey D. Luffy (One Piece), Rachel Moore (Detective Conan)
Colleen Clinkenbeard is one of Funimation's newer voice stars, but ever since she began appearing in their shows, she's been on a roll that's shown no sign of stopping. She burst onto the scene with roles like Rachel Moore in Detective Conan/Case Closed and Riza Hawkeye in Full Metal Alchemist, already showing her intensely varied vocal range. From there, she expanded her resume and took on roles like that of Monkey D. Luffy in one Piece, perhaps her most iconic to date and a role for which she's received major accolades. She's seemingly the go-to girl for Funimation these days, but is there any wonder why? With so many roles to her credit this soon into her career, she's on her way to becoming a legend of English anime voice dubbing.
-
#91 (Male): Nolan North Notable roles: Nathan Drake (Uncharted series), Superboy (Young Justice)
AKA That Guy Who's Been In Every Video Game For The Last Few Years, Nolan North has had a long voiceover career but has only really risen to prominence lately, with a series of iconic roles including his most notable, as Nathan Drake in Uncharted. But it's not only Nathan's naturally suave voice that's gotten him so much praise, it's his outstanding comic timing and gift for snarkiness that has made him video gaming's equivalent of Harrison Ford. He's also skilled whenever he's called on to do motion capture, putting his whole body to use to supplement his vocal talents. Even though some gamers might be sick of him, it's hard to hate someone as versatile and talented as Nolan North.
#91 (Female): Jessica DiCicco Notable roles: Malina (The Emperor's New Groove), Leanne (Resonance of Fate)
She might not have the longest list of roles, but Jessica DiCicco is still one of the better young stars in the voiceover industry, charming toon fans with her naturally spunky voice and her gift for comic timing, most notably audible in The Mighty B, where she plays the snarky, hip-hop loving mean girl Gwen, and as Leanne in Resonance of Fate, responding to Vashyron's sometimes pervy quips with a mixture of annoyance and precociousness, in a role that has polarized a lot of the game's fans. She's one of those actresses who you can almost always pick out, but she almost always delivers.
-
#90 (Male): Brad Swaile Notable roles: Light Yagami (Death Note), Quatre (Gundam Wing
Brad Swaile is one of the more well known of the Ocean Group Vancouver VAs, one of his first major roles was his turn as the quiet Quatre Winner in Gundam Wing, a role that established him as the go-to guy for soft-spoken characters. He portrayed Nightcrawler in X-Men Evolution, another role that required a lot of emotional exertion and continued his reputation for that particular type of character. He was also Amuro Ray in Mobile Suit Gundam. Perhaps his most well-known role, and one of the most iconic roles in all of anime, is that of Light Yagami in the animated Death Note series, a serious departure from Swaile's more heroic archetypical characters. His performance as Light required him to discover a new dimension to his voiceover skills, a creepy madness that permeated his performance and sealed his reputation as one of the all-time dubbing greats.
#90 (Female): Venus Terzo Notable roles: Jean Grey (X-Men Evolution), Blackarachnia (Beast Wars)
Another Ocean Group staple, Venus Terzo's sexy voice has appeared in a number of anime series, including Ranma 1/2 (as the female Ranma) and Escaflowne (as Princess Milerna). Highly prolific, she's done a little bit of everything, and has shown a great deal of vocal range beyond her standout roles. She's still doing quite a bit of voice acting today, recently featuring as Mariko in Darkstalkers, among her many other vocal roles. With numerous appearances both in front of the camera and behind the mic, it'd be hard to imagine much of today's cartoons without her.
-
#89 (Male): John Stephenson Notable roles: Mr. Slate (The Flintstones), Dread Baron (Laff-A-Lympics)
John Stephenson was one of Hanna-Barbera's go-to guys back in the guy, performing the voices of many a character on classic cartoons such as Augie Doggie and Scooby Doo (many of the red herrings and monsters of the day on that show are voiced by John Stephenson). His most notable role was as Mr. Slate on The Flintstones, and it was that voice that he used for many of the characters he played, whenever Hanna-Barbera needed a curmudgeonly character, John Stephenson frequently got the nod. He was also the narrator in the classic television series Dragnet. He's still alive and working today, though much less frequently.
#89 (Female): Mari Devon Notable roles: Summer Gleason (Batman: The Animated Series), Renamon (Digimon Tamers)
With a variety of roles, most of them in anime, Mari Devon is another one of those prolific voice actresses who shows up in pretty much everything. She was part of the fantastic voice cast for the Batman animated series, playing the oft-emperiled reporter Summer Gleason in a number of episodes. She was also fantastic as Renamon in Digimon Tamers, perhaps one of the very best of the actors who voiced Digimon. She also played Togemon in the first two seasons, showing off her range. She also played Chief Jillian Grey in Flint the Time Detective.
-
#88 (Male): Christopher Sabat Notable roles: Vegeta (Dragonball Z), Kuwabara (Yu Yu Hakusho)
Perhaps Funimation's top male voice actor, Christopher Sabat is the jack of all trades best known for doing a metric buttload of voices on Dragonball Z. Vegeta, Piccolo, Yamcha... and those are just the major ones. Sabat's roles with Funimation animes often leave him being accused of overcasting himself, but he certainly has the range to pull it off, and in the eyes of some fans, his performance as Vegeta topped even Brian Drummond's epic turn as the Saiyan prince. His other roles include Zoro in One Piece, Kuwabara in Yu Yu Hakusho (another one of his best), and Craig in Detective Conan.
#88 (Female): Julia Fletcher Notable roles: Yunalesca (Final Fantasy X), Narrator (The Animatrix, Second Renaissance)
Julia Fletcher's soothing, almost haunting voice has distinguished her in her field, and though her list of roles is somewhat short, almost every one she appears in is extremely memorable. One of the best articulators in the business, it's surprising that she doesn't do a lot more narration, as she has the perfect voice for it, with the ability to send chills down one's spine. She also shows a bit of range, appearing as Nagi in Tenchi Universe and providing a bit of a comedic flair to add to her repertoire of performances. Her amazing voice is a treat, albeit a tragically rare one.
-
#87 (Male): John Fiedler Notable roles: Piglet (The Many Adventures Of Winnie The Pooh)
Though he appeared in a variety of Disney films over the years, voicing various minor characters, his most notable role was as Piglet in The Many Adventures Of Winnie The Pooh, using his naturally light, meek voice to give the character an adorable personality and to etch Piglet in the hearts and minds of all who saw the film. Fiedler is one of Disney's iconic voices, and though he's mostly known in voiceover circles for his one major role, he certainly made it count.
#87 (Female): Jill Talley Notable roles: Karen (Spongebob Squarepants), Sarah Dubois (The Boondocks)
A skilled comedienne probably most well-known for being the wife of Tom Kenny (we'll see him later), Jill Talley is a highly talented voice actress in her own right, playing the sardonic, oft-annoyed computer wife of the vicious Plankton. Her snarky one-liners have made her character a fan favorite, despite the character's somewhat bland appearance and minor role. She also has a few notable appearances as Sarah Dubois, another long-suffering wife who has to put up with her much, much quirkier husband. She appeared on Camp Lazlo and had a number of roles, bringing a fresh burst of comedic life to the short-lived Cartoon Network toon.
-
#86 (Male): Jason Marsden Notable roles: Max Goof (Goof Troop), Kovu (The Lion King II: Simba's Pride)
A short-statured voice actor with a very distinct, youthful voice, Jason Marsden first shot to fame with on-camera appearances in shows such as Boy Meets World, but his career found new life when he went into voice acting. His portrayal of Max Goof in A Goofy Movie and various other animated shows and films is his most memorable, but he's had a number of major and minor roles in various series, making him quite prolific indeed. He appeared as characters such as Matt Olsen in W.I.T.C.H., Chester in later seasons of Fairly Oddparents, Felix in Kim Possible, and recently as Cardinal Pater in Resonance of Fate.
#86 (Female): Billie Lou Watt Notable roles: Astro Boy (Astro Boy), Muriel (Courage the Cowardly Dog)
Before there was Wendee Lee, Kari Wahlgren, Maile Flanagan, or Brianne Siddall, there was Billie Lou Watt, the June Foray of the American anime industry. With roles in such classic Saturday morning staples as Astro Boy, Kimba the White Lion, and Gigantor, Watt was a pioneer of the industry and one of the most memorable voices of the age. Though her roles were sparse in later years, her anime roles alone are enough to make her a legend, and she cemented her status with her role in Courage the Cowardly Dog as Courage's loving owner, the last role she took on before her death in 2001.
-
#85 (Male): Will Friedle Notable roles: Terry McGinnis (Batman Beyond), Ron Stoppable (Kim Possible)
Another Boy Meets World alumnus, Will Friedle has a shorter resume than his pal Jason Marsden, but makes up for it with arguably greater range (look at the difference between Terry McGinnis and Ron Stoppable) and stronger emotional performances. His performance as Terry McGinnis alone is enough to get him up here, showing off his range as Ron Stoppable is just icing on the cake. He's also appeared in several video games, including Jade Empire and Tony Hawk's American Wasteland, and he's currently the Blue Beetle on Batman: The Brave and the Bold.
#85 (Female): Julie Lemieux Notable roles: Sammy Tsukino (Sailor Moon), Funshine Bear (2000s Care Bears films)
A Toronto-based voice actress who specializes in voicing younger male characters, Julie Lemeiux has shown range even within this niche, contrast her light, young Sammy voice with her adventurous, slightly deep Tony voice from Amazing Spiez and you'll see what I mean. Fairly prolific and highly talented, Lemieux's primary voice appearances have been in various anime series, including the aforementioned Sailor Moon as well as Beyblade, Medabots, and Bakugan, she's also appeared in shows such as Wayside, Spliced, and Magi-Nation.
-
#84 (Male): Michael McShane Notable roles: Cid (Final Fantasy X), Left Hand (Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust)
Michael McShane started off his career like many voiceover artists did: as an improvisational actor. He took those skills and later applied them to the world of voice acting, where he's excelled by portraying a number of comedic characters, including Tuck and Roll in A Bug's Life and D's possessed left hand in Vampire Hunter D. Arguably his most well-known role, at least to video gamers, was that of Cid in Final Fantasy X, one of the most well-loved of the Cids and the first to get a proper voice. McShane stood out amongst a talented cast, proving to be one of the brightest voice-over talents of today.
#84 (Female): Lara Jill Miller Notable roles: Juniper Lee (The Life And Times Of Juniper Lee), Kari Kamiya (Digimon: Digital Monsters
Starring as a child actress on the sitcom Gimme A Break!, Lara found her calling as a voice actress later in life, starting out in a number of anime series. She played the adorable Kari on Digimon before moving on to roles in Zatch Bell, Rave Master, and Naruto. It was as Juniper Lee that she arguably found her biggest mainstream success, taking on the challenge of playing a young girl with magical powers who attempts to battle dangerous demons while balancing her friendships and school obligations. Juniper Lee was a breakout role for Lara, who continues to perform in anime series and cartoons to this day.
-
#83 (Male): Chris Latta Notable roles: Starscream (Transformers), Cobra Commander (G.I. Joe)
One of the most notable villain voices of the 1980s, Chris Latta perhaps chewed more scenery than any voice actor in recent memory, and at the same time etched himself into all our memories with his hilarious portrayals of fictional villains. Whether it's his sniveling Starscream or his megalomaniacal Cobra Commander, Chris Latta was one of the icons of Saturday morning, beloved by animation fans everywhere. He even originated a few of the original Simpsons character voices before being dubbed over by Hank Azaria and Harry Shearer. Sadly, his prolific career was cut short by his tragic death at the age of 44, but he made a clear impression on us until then.
#83 (Female): Jennifer Darling Notable roles: Irma (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Ayeka (Tenchi Muyo)
Though she got her start in live-action, Jennifer Darling's list of animated roles stretches far longer, spanning a wide range of character styles and temperaments. Her most prominent anime role is that of Ayeka in Tenchi Muyo, and she provided a refined, somewhat neurotic interpretation of the spoiled princess that made her the perfect fit to an already talented dub ensemble. She also played a princess in the Smurfs, portraying the Smurfs' friend Princess Savina. One of her most enduring roles was in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, as April's bookish friend Irma. The nerdy character provided some of the show's comic relief and was a perfect foil to the buxom reporter. All in all, Jennifer Darling's highly varied career makes her one of animation's most memorable voices.
-
#82 (Male): David Hayter Notable roles: Solid Snake (Metal Gear Solid)
David Hayter is known to pretty much every gamer as the voice of Solid Snake in the Metal Gear Solid series, which is thought by some to be perhaps the greatest vocal performance in the history of video gaming. His gruff, sometimes snarky, sometimes series, always badass voice has made him an icon in gaming history and beloved by video gamers everywhere. Though it's his role as Solid Snake that's earned him a spot on this list, he's had a few other roles in a variety of obscure anime dubs, showing that it's not JUST Snake that he's known for. Still, who am I kidding? He got on the list for Snake alone. What an amazing performance.
#82 (Female): Lia Sargent Notable roles: Millie (Trigun), Shion Uzuki (Xenosaga I and III)
Lia Sargent is a prolific anime voice actress, best known for her cutesy, mousy type voice that's gotten her a number of rules as sweet, shy, or demure characters. With one of the most adorable voices in the business, she's a natural for characters such as Milly, making her one of Trigun's most memorable characters and absolutely beloved by anime fans, providing a range of emotions to an at-times one sided character. It's as Shion that Lia Sargent really shines, providing the character's voice throughout the series' EXTENSIVE cutscenes. Shion's character is one of the most complex in all of gaming, and it's Lia Sargent who provided her original voice and finished out the series in Xenosaga III with an outstanding performance. With dozens of roles to her name, Lia Sargent truly is an anime legend.
-
#81 (Male): Lex Lang Notable roles: Professor Bedhety (Tutenstein), Ecliptor (Power Rangers in Space)
An award-winning voice actor with numerous roles spanning a number of genres, Lex Lang's resume is as impressive as many on the list, and though he's known mostly as an anime voice actor, he's had his fair share of roles in video games and Western cartoons. He has in fact won Emmys for voice acting on Tutenstein, an honor reserved for only the best of the best. Lex Lang has been heard as Virgil in Xenosaga, a number of characters in the Dynasty Warriors series, Hayate in Naruto, and Metallo in The Batman, among others.
#81 (Female): Katie Griffin Notable roles: Sailor Mars (Sailor Moon), Alex (Totally Spies)
A Toronto-area voice actress, Katie Griffin was one of the actresses to portray Sailor Mars on Sailor Moon, doing so in the third and fourth series to great effect, providing the beautiful Sailor Soldier with a pretty yet strong voice that stood up well despite fan anger over the voice changes. She also did a good job replacing Katie Leigh on Totally Spies, giving Alex a slightly spunkier but still sweet voice that she also used to perform as Yoko on Team Galaxy later on. She's appeared in other cartoons such as Braceface and Beyblade, giving stellar performances each time and establishing a reputation as one of the finest Canadian voice actresses.
-
#80 (Male): Fred Tatasciore Notable roles: Hulk (Ultimate Avengers), The Secret Saturdays (Munya)
Fred Tatasciore has been featured in a number of animated roles, in a variety of characters and creatures. He's one of those unique voice actors who can skillfully provide animal voices, he showed this off in The Secret Saturdays voicing a huge variety of different characters. He is also one of the prominent voice actors of Robot Chicken, doing a variety of vocal matches and impersonations. He's one of the top voice-over artists for Marvel animation, in Wolverine and the X-Men he voiced Hulk, The Beast, and the Juggernaut, among others. With this wide variety of voices spanning dozens of shows, it's no wonder that Fred Tatasciore is known as one of the industry's best.
#80 (Female): Kelly Sheridan Notable roles: Barbie (direct-to-video specials), Sango (Inuyasha)
Another Ocean Group actress known for her roles in a variety of anime series, Kelly Sheridan is a young and highly talented actress who you've undoubtedly heard if you're an anime buff. Her best role is most likely Sango, the warrior girl who experiences a number of trying and harrowing situations, conveyed perfectly by Kelly's prodigiously talented voice. She was the voice of Diana in Martin Mystery, taking on a much more subdued but still very emotional character, giving a mature but still humorous take on the pretty female agent. She spent the good part of the last decade as the official voice of Barbie (outside of the Toy Story films, anyway), but was recently released by Mattel, who cited that they wanted to take the character in a more modern direction. All in all, Kelly Sheridan represents the consummate voice actress, and she has quite a promising career ahead.
-
#79 (Male): David Kaye Notable roles: Sesshomaru (Inuyasha), Megatron (Transformers Armada)
David Kaye is another of the more prolific Ocean Group VAs, appearing in dozens of anime series. He's voiced a large variety of highly well-known characters, bringing his range and skills to his roles and giving himself a wide resume of characters you'd never know were voiced by the same guy (he voiced Recoome in the original DBZ dub, for example). He appears as ambiguously villainous characters such as Trieze from Gundam Wing and Sesshomaru, but also appears as unambiguously evil characters such as Megatron, taking the character in a new but exciting direction from Frank Welker's 80s portrayal. With a number of roles spanning both anime and Western cartoons, you can't go too far watching cartoons without hearing his voice.
#79 (Female): Luci Christian Notable roles: Nami (One Piece), Kaname Chidori (Full Metal Panic)
One of the most recognizable female voices in anime, Luci Christian has bounced between ADV and Funimation and has voiced in just about every relevant anime in the process, with more than a hundred credits to her name. She ranges the gamut from psychotic villains like Full Metal Alchemist's Wrath to strong-willed heroines like Nami without blinking. She's voiced Medusa in Soul Eater, KOS-MOS in the Xenosaga anime adaptation, Mariko in Elfen Lied... the list goes on and on. Though she's rarely branched out outside of anime, she's built up such a large resume in the dubbing field that she's certainly been able to enjoy one of the most successful voice-over careers in recent memory.
-
#78 (Male): Alan Reed Notable roles: Fred Flintstone (The Flintstones), Boris (Lady and the Tramp)
Though Alan Reed's cartoon voice-over roles were fairly sparse, his iconic role as Fred Flintstone earns him a spot on the list. A talented radio announcer with a very distinct voice, it was only natural that Alan Reed would hit it big somewhere in the world of animation, and it was with Fred Flintstone that he provided one of the most iconic cartoon characters of all time. Making Fred gruff, hilarious, and ultimately lovable, Alan Reed's performance was one of a kind, and subsequent actors have struggled to capture that charm. His role in Lady and the Tramp was much smaller, but still added to the charm of that film. Still, it was Fred Flintstone that cemented Reed's legacy as an animation legend.
#78 (Female): Tara Platt Notable roles: Temari (Naruto), Eva (Monster)
Another highly skilled anime voice actress, Tara Platt isn't quite as prolific as her husband Yuri Lowenthal, but still managed to skillfully voice a number of roles in both anime and video games, providing voices for series such as Naruto and Bleach, while also appearing in popular video game series such as Star Ocean and Tales. She appeared in Tales of Symphonia: Dawn of the New World, where she took over for Kari Wahlgren as the voice of Raine and performed quite well. She also appears as Elizabeth in Persona 3. Tara's range and skills have enabled her to take on a number of roles, and it's only a matter of time before she takes over the world just as her husband has done.
-
#77 (Male): Spike Spencer Notable roles: Shinji Ikari (Neon Genesis Evangelion), Claude (Star Ocean: Second Evolution)
Spike Spencer is undoubtedly best known as the voice of Shinji Ikari, a complex character whom Spike portrayed masterfully, showing all of Shinji's nuances and emotions, and even engaging in some skillful self-deprecation in later commentary. He appeared as Nall in Lunar: Silver Star Harmony, putting a vastly different spin on the character from Working Designs' interpretation, but still preserving Nall's cuteness and charm. One of the best VAs at being able to juxtapose comedy and drama, it's Spencer's emotional talents combined with his solid range that puts him on the list as one of the best.
#77 (Female): Tabitha St. Germain Notable roles: Flay Allster (Gundam SEED), Nazz (Ed, Edd, and Eddy- season 1)
Tabitha St. Germain is one of Ocean's most skilled actresses, especially skilled at portraying dramatic emotional moments, which she did numerous times in her masterful portrayal of Flay Allster. Like her or hate her, Flay was one of the most complex characters in Gundam history, and Tabitha's portrayal was probably the centerpiece of an already prolific career, which included appearances in a number of Ocean dubs. In addition to her anime roles, Tabitha can be heard in dozens of non-anime cartoons, including the Care Bears, My Little Pony, and Barbie revivals, and her role as Nazz in season one of Ed, Edd, and Eddy. She also has a cutely creepy role as Heloise in Jimmy Two-Shoes, the breakout character of that show and another of Tabitha's best.
-
#76 (Male): John Stocker Notable roles: Beastly (Care Bears), Toad (The Super Mario Bros. Super Show)
A Canadian voice actor with a very, very, VERY long resume, John Stocker has never really had any major standout roles, but he's been a fixture of the Toronto voice industry for a long time and can be heard in just about every cartoon to be voiced there, with hundreds of credits to his name showing off his quite impressive range. He appeared as Kutlass in Donkey Kong Country and voiced the Stay Puft Marshmellow Man in The Real Ghostbusters, in addition to his roles in such shows as Care Bears, Super Mario Bros., Totally Spies, and dozens of anime series as well.
#76 (Female): Olivia Hack Notable roles: Ty Lee (Avatar: The Last Airbender), Rhonda (Hey Arnold)
Olivia Hack, like a lot of other voice actresses, started as a child actress, but her cutesy, mousey voice made her uniquely suited for voice acting, and she's been able to carve out quite a career with a number of popular roles. We first heard her as Rhonda Lloyd in Hey Arnold, that kind of pretty, very rich, mean but still somewhat nice girl that was one among many excellently-voiced characters in that beloved series. She briefly took over for Lia Sargent as Shion Uzuki, providing a mostly seamless transition between games. Perhaps her best role, however, is that of Ty Lee, the cute and perky Fire Nation girl who is a mixture of naughty and nice, sexy in that oh-so-cute way that only Olivia's perfect performance could survive. Despite a fairly short resume, she's certainly left an impression.
-
#75 (Male): Kevin Clash Notable roles: Elmo (Sesame Street), Clifford (The Muppets)
One of the all-time Sesame Street greats, Kevin Clash is best known in his role as Elmo on Sesame Street, being the puppeteer for that character and also providing the voice. Another character who some people love and many hate, there's no denying the skill that Clash brings to the role as the curious red toddler Muppet whose very high-pitched voice seems like something that would be impossible for a guy to produce. Clash is a long-time Muppeteer, with many roles to his credit on both Sesame Street and The Muppet Show, he had a chance to be in The Dark Crystal but turned down the role due to his other commitments.
#75 (Female): Cheryl Chase Notable roles: Angelica (The Rugrats), Puar (Dragonball, Harmony Gold dub)
Cheryl Chase is obviously best known for her role as Angelica, the bratty older cousin of Tommy on the Rugrats. Cheryl's malevolent but at the same time sweet and precocious voice helped to make the character one of the greatest villains in Nicktoons history. Aside from Angelica, Cheryl has a few other prominent roles, she was a fixture in late 1980s anime dubs, making her one of the pioneers of that field, she's also been heard on The Ren and Stimpy Show.
-
#74 (Male): Dallas McKennon Notable roles: Gumby (Gumby), Buzz Buzzard (Woody Woodpecker)
In 2009, we lost one of the most legendary voiceover artists of all time, when Dallas McKennon died at the age of 89. The man with the Grizzly Adams beard who voiced characters such as Gumby, along with many, MANY Disney characters (he voiced Ben Franklin in an Epcot attraction, for example), was as talented as he was interesting, serving as a member of the Oregon Trail conservation society (no, he did not die of dysentary). Certainly, all animation fans have heard his voice at one time or another, and his characters will continue to live on through the ages.
#74 (Female): Colleen O'Shaughnessey Notable roles: Sora (Digimon), Jazz Fenton (Danny Phantom)
Colleen O'Shaughnessey is a staple of anime and video games over the last decade, starting her career by voicing Sora on Digimon, using her light, airy, somewhat tomboyish voice to provide a cute but strong image for the popular character. Her voicework as Jazz took her in a different direction, a bit girlier but no less tough, an archetype she'd continue as the voice of Ino in Naruto. She's certainly not without her range, as exemplified by her performances as Genis (in Tales of Symphonia II) and KOS-MOS (in Xenosaga Episode II), and she's also shown great comedic skills by voicing the somewhat dense Suzy in Zatch Bell.
-
#73 (Male): Cam Clarke Notable roles: Liquid Snake (Metal Gear Solid series), Leonardo (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)
Cam Clarke is a voiceover legend for many reasons, with an extensive list of roles throughout various media. He possesses a distinct, mature-sounding voice that's made him a natural for voiceover, with roles such as Kratos in Tales of Symphonia being par for the course for him. He's perhaps most well-known as Liquid Snake, one of the major villains of the Metal Gear Solid series and indeed, in all of video game history. He has countless roles in other cartoons and games as well, including his underrated, overlooked role as Beau in Scooby Doo on Zombie Island, a mysterious but quite badass character who Velma had a crush on. Other roles such as Dean Collins in W.I.T.C.H. and Mr. Fantastic on the 90s Spiderman series pad his resume even further.
#73 (Female): Veronica Taylor Notable roles: Ash Ketchum (Pokemon), April O'Neil (TMNT '03)
It's obvious that most people know Veronica Taylor best as the voice of Ash from Pokemon. She also voiced other major characters in that series, including May from Pokemon Advance, as well as Ash's mom, proving her skillful vocal range. She's appeared in a number of 4Kids dubbed anime and produced cartoon series, including the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, providing a slightly less sexy but far more competent take of April O'Neil, she also voiced Amelia in Slayers and Nico Robin on One Piece, giving her one of the most well-rounded resumes of all voiceover actresses.
-
#72 (Male): Matt Stone and Trey Parker Notable roles: Nearly every male character on South Park
Okay, so I may have cheated a bit. Matt Stone and Trey Parker are included together, and yes, they only take up one spot (which technically makes this more than a top 100, but who cares). The impressive plethora of voices they perform on South Park (with a bit of help from digital manipulation, but their repertoire is still incredibly impressive) give the show its hilarious and irreverent charm, and the memorable characters they've created just wouldn't be the same without these two behind the mic. If I HAD to put one ahead of the other, it'd be Trey, his Cartman and Randy Marsh performances are hilariously fantastic, but you can't take away from Matt Stone, from the neurotic anxiety of Kyle to the muffled ramblings of Kenny to the adorable antics of Butters, Matt is fantastic in his own right and worthy of sharing this spot with his South Park co-creator.
#72 (Female): Ashley Johnson Notable roles: Terra (Teen Titans), Gretchen Grundler (Recess)
She got her start as a child actor but branched out into voice acting while still young, playing the voice of the little boy on the animated Jumanji before achieving her breakout role in Recess as the sweet and nerdy Gretchen Grundler. From there, she's been involved in a number of great action cartoons, particularly as the beautiful but conflicted Terra and the teenage version of Gwen Tennyson. What makes Ashley Johnson great is the level of variation she's able to achieve despite her somewhat limited range. She provided a nasally voice for Gretchen, an accented voice for Emily on King of the Hill, and even sounds somewhat different between Gwen and Terra. And she's also a hardcore video gamer. Doesn't improve her spot on the list, but it's still pretty awesome.
-
#71 (Male): Diedrich Bader Notable roles: Batman (Batman: The Brave and the Bold), Fiskerton (The Secret Saturdays)
A skilled comedian and a skilled voice actor, Diedrich Bader has been seen in both live-action and animated projects, but his voice is perfectly suited for the animation industry, with a natural "cool dude" affectation that's earned him a number of roles as tough guys and badasses. He's had a lot of different types of roles in his career, he played Zeta in The Zeta Project and was the villainous Warp Darkmatter on Buzz Lightyear of Star Command. Perhaps most impressively, he played Fiskerton on The Secret Saturdays, a large, sasquatch-like creature with a very strange but still somewhat understandable way of speaking, his hilarious mumblings provided some critical comic relief in the show and he was even able to emote quite well, showing off his skills perfectly.
#71 (Female): Melissa Fahn Notable roles: Edward (Cowboy Bebop), Rika (Digimon Tamers)
Melissa Fahn has been all over the place in the anime dubbing industry, using her sweet, light voice to portray a number of different characters, from the hyper Radical Edward, to the subdued Eri Ninamori in FLCL, to the tough Rika Nonaka in Digimon Tamers, Melissa Fahn has put her voice to outstanding use and has carved herself out a large niche in a variety of different ways. While most of her roles have been featured in anime shows, she is also very well known for playing Gaz in Invader Zim, a role unlike any other she's played and one of her most impressive. She also stepped into the shoes of the great Mae Questel, playing Betty Boop in a 1989 revival special. Melissa Fahn has been all over the place, and it's likely we'll keep seeing her as the years go by.
-
#70 (Male): Scott McNeil Notable roles: Piccolo (Dragonball Z, Ocean dub), Wolverine (X-Men Evolution)
One of Ocean Group's most well-known voice actors, Scott McNeil has been featured in a variety of roles and has shown an enormous amount of range, basically being Ocean's equivalent of Chris Sabat and then some. He's appeared in a large number of the English Gundam dubs, most notably in Gundam Wing as Duo, he's also appeared in Inuyasha (voicing Koga). His non-anime roles actually outnumber his anime roles, in addition to being Wolverine in X-Men Evolution, he voiced a number of characters in Reboot and was Dr. Wily and Proto Man in Mega Man. His estimate that he's voiced over 8,000 characters may not really be that far off, he truly is THAT prolific.
#70 (Female): Carolyn Lawrence Notable roles: Sandy Cheeks (Spongebob Squarepants), Ashley Graham (Resident Evil 4)
"HELP ME LEON! HELP ME LEON! HELP ME LEON!" Yeah, that was her, and while Ashley might not be her most popular character (in fact, she's probably the least), she still did as good as job as anyone could have portraying the somewhat annoying but still pretty President's daughter in Resident Evil 4. She continues to portray Sandy in Spongebob, a role she's had for the last decade, effecting a comical but realistic Texas accent. She also had a critically acclaimed starring role in Morel Orel, playing the innocent but often-swayed main character, one of the most endearing in Adult Swim history. While Carolyn Lawrence hasn't always played the most popular characters, her gift for comedic timing and range of vocal abilities puts her in a good spot on the list.
-
#69 (Male): Quinton Flynn Notable roles: Raiden (Metal Gear Solid 2), Axel (Kingdom Hearts)
An actor who's appeared all over the place, he's probably most well-known for his video game work, particularly as the mysterious Raiden in Metal Gear Solid 2. As controversial a character as Raiden was, Quinton's voice acting provided the character with an identity distinct from Solid Snake, setting him apart as one of the series' memorable characters. He mixed things up a bit with his role as Axel, and later as Reno in Final Fantasy: Advent Children and Crisis Core. With a voice that ranges from light and youthful to heavy and menacing, he's played a large range of characters and has proven his talents in a number of ways.
#69 (Female): Tiffany Grant Notable roles: Asuka (Neon Genesis Evangelion), Marta (Full Metal Alchemist)
As an independent contractor, Tiffany Grant has been able to get roles with a variety of studios and in a large number of anime series, becoming one of the legendary anime voice actresses of the 1990s and early 2000s, and still going strong today. Her defining role was that of the emotional Eva pilot Asuka Langley Soryu in Neon Genesis Evangelion, using the full range of her vocal talent on that single role alone as her character's mood and personality shifted heavily. Roles such as Becky in Gunsmith Cats further established her place in the hearts of anime fans, and she's become a favorite amongst them for the variety of characters she's played. She's demonstrated clearly that she's one of the most talented actresses to ever dub anime.
-
#68 (Male): Bob Bergen Notable voices: Porky Pig (Looney Tunes, 1990s onward), Bunsen Honeydew (Muppet Babies)
The current voice of Porky Pig, Bob Bergen is a talented comedic voice actor with an extensive range, his skills extending far beyond voice matching Porky Pig. His voice has been heard in films such as the Santa Clause trilogy and Gremlins, he's also done roles in a number of anime, and of course in non-anime cartoons, where he's not only performed as Porky Pig, but as Speedy Gonzales and Tweety Bird on occasion. As one of the many actors to portray the Looney Tunes characters after Mel Blanc's death, he's not quite as good as the original, but certainly a good replacement.
#68 (Female): Rachel Lillis Notable voices: Misty (Pokemon), Utena (Revolutionary Girl Utena)
Like Veronica Taylor, most know Rachel Lillis from her roles in Pokemon, performing not only the voice of Misty, but also of Jessie of Team Rocket and Misty's sister Violet as well. She started dubbing anime in her teens, and her array of voices and excellent range have made her one of the most popular and well-known anime voice actresses. It was her voice that Pokemon fans had grown endeared to and one of the major reasons why the dubbing change for the series was so ill-received by fans. There's no replacing someone as talented as Rachel Lillis, though there are still plenty of places to hear her great voice.
-
#67 (Male): Scott Menville Notable roles: Robin (Teen Titans), Ma-Ti (Captain Planet)
Scott Menville is somewhat controversial, one of those voice actors criticized for using the same voice in pretty much everything. There are some variations of it, however, think of how different Robin and Ma-Ti sound from one another... of course, it's Menville's emotional strength that keeps him getting big roles again and again, able to portray his characters in a variety of moods and dispositions. That distinct voice of his is naturally made for voice acting, and he's carved out a pretty big niche with it. In recent memory, he's been a big-time video game star, voicing characters such as Lloyd in Tales of Symphonia and Zephyr in Resonance of Fate. He might not have a LOT of range, but he makes up for it with raw acting skills and that's why he's one of the best.
#67 (Female): Julie Kavner Notable roles: Marge Simpson (The Simpsons)
Another voice actress who could be described as "one-dimensional", the skills she brings to her role as Marge Simpson more than make up for her relative lack of range (though again, look at the differences between Marge and her two throaty sisters). At times happy, angry, sad, motherly, even sexy, Julie's performance as Marge Simpson made the character one of the all-time great TV moms, and she is well-respected by her very talented castmates for her skill and work ethic. Though Julie Kavner is hardly prolific, her performance as Marge Simpson comfortably cements her on this list.
-
#66 (Male): Wally Wingert Notable roles: MODOK (The Avengers), Riddler (Batman: Arkham Asylum)
A long-time voice actor and announcer, and one of the quirkier voices in the industry, Wally Wingert is one of those guys who it's just fun to listen to, bringing a number of hilarious characters to life in a unique way. He voiced a huge variety of characters in Harvey Birdman: Attorney at Law, and with fun roles as famous comic book villains such as MODOK and The Riddler, he's brought a lot of hilarious entertainment to all those who listen to his roles. He's capable of doing very serious voices as well, as seen in his anime and video game roles, he's done the voice of Remiel in Tales of Symphonia and also as Rufus in Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children, among many others. With such a wide and prolific resume, Wally Wingert is a consummate pro and a true voiceover star.
#66 (Female): April Stewart Notable roles: Wendy Testaburger (South Park), Maria Rivera (El Tigre)
April Stewart took over as the most recent voice of a lot of the main female characters on South Park, where she shares duties with Mona Marshall. Her portrayal of such a wide variety of characters is extremely impressive, but she hasn't been limited to South Park, with a number of roles in other cartoons such as El Tigre and Danny Phantom. Her list of video game roles is equally impressive, she performed as Mjrn in Final Fantasy XII, Barbarella in Resonance of Fate, Lucrecia in Dirge of Cerberus, Ms. Marvel in several Marvel universe video games, and many many others, providing her with one of the most wide-ranging resumes around.
-
#65 (Male): Mike Judge Notable roles: Beavis and Butthead (Beavis and Butthead), Hank Hill (King of the Hill)
The creator of some of the funniest cartoons of all time also performs voices in most of them, and his eclectic, huge variety of characters have provided us with some of the greatest animated moments of all time. His hilarious performance as the two idiotic teens Beavis and Butthead would probably land him a spot on this list alone, that he could voice both them and a serious, conservative character like Hank Hill is testament to his vocal genius. It's a surprise that he doesn't voice too many characters outside of his own creations, but like Seth MacFarlane, Judge keeps his talents close to the chest, single-handedly creating some of the greatest animated characters ever.
#65 (Female): Dorothy Elias-Fahn Notable roles: Miyu (Vampire Princess Miyu), Kaoru Kamiya (Rurouni Kenshin)
Dorothy Fahn's list of anime roles is long and impressive, she's performed all types of characters with her versatile voice, cementing herself as a champion of the industry. Her performances as Kaoru, Meryl Strife (in Trigun), and Miyu are some of her best known, but she's shown off her range with plenty of other roles in shows such as Digimon, El Hazard, Gungrave, Cyborg 009, and dozens of others. Showing both acting skill and impressive range, Dorothy Fahn is one of the most well-known figures in American anime.
-
#64 (Male): James Arnold Taylor Notable roles: Tidus (Final Fantasy X), Wooldor Sockbat (Drawn Together)
Though his light, boyish voice has gotten him a reputation as annoying (and his voicing of Johnny Test doesn't help), James Arnold Taylor has one of the best ranges of any voice actor out there, capable of performing both comedic and serious roles with skill and flair. His performance as Tidus gets criticized by a lot of people, but the emotions he had to show in various scenes, especially toward the end, really left his performance as one of the most underrated in recent memory, and a quick listen to his demo reel shows that he can do a lot more than just voice annoying characters. Though he can't match Alan Reed's greatness, he does a capable job as the current voice of Fred Flintstone, and is also outstanding as Obi-Wan Kenobi in the recent Clone Wars series. There's much more to James Arnold Taylor than meets the ear.
#64 (female): Joan Gerber Notable roles: Mrs. Zuckerman (Charlotte's Web), Mrs. Regina Rich (Richie Rich)
One of Hanna Barbera's most versatile voice actresses, she portrayed a lot of motherly characters over her long career, such as Regina Rich in Richie Rich, Sara Whitaker in Wait 'Till Your Father Gets Home, and Mrs. Beakley in DuckTales, among many others. Arguably their equivalent of John Stephenson, she took a lot of supporting roles in her career, but you can hear her voice in practically every major pre-1980s cartoon, making her one of the staples of many a childhood. Though she's still alive, she's been retired for at least a decade. Still, she's built an incredible career and is one of the greatest animated matrons of all time.
-
#63 (Male): Simon Templeman Notable roles: Kain (Legacy of Kain), Gabriel Roman (Uncharted: Drake's Fortune)
An incredibly gifted actor with an absolutely gorgeous British accent, Simon Templeman is of course best known for his amazing performance as the tormented vampire Kain in Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain. Seriously, he's one of those actors who anything could sound good if read in his voice, especially the highly badass quotes Kain makes throughout the game. His roles don't stop at the Blood Omen series, however, or even at video games. He played Dr. Doom in some of the 1990s Marvel animated series, and he had an especially creepy role in Totally Spies as a villain who wanted to abduct Mandy. A ton of acting talent combined with a magnificent voice, the perfect combination for voice acting greatness.
#63 (Female): Stephanie Sheh Notable roles: Orihime (Bleach), Hinata Hyuga (Naruto)
Stephanie Sheh, under a large number of aliases, has appeared in numerous cartoons, anime series, and video games, and has voiced a large number of popular characters with her sweet, demure voice. It's this light, airy voice which she's mostly known for, but she varies it quite a bit and it's often hard to necessarily pick her out in something she's voiced. Her appearance in Bayonetta, for example, is somewhat different from many of the roles she's taken, and though she continues to use her light, high-pitched voice for it, it's different enough from her usual voice that it was a surprise to find out it was indeed her. Other roles of hers include Mamimi in FLCL (a quietly humorous role), Guu in Hare+Guu (one of her quirkiest and funniest) and Gema in Di Gi Charat.
-
#62 (Male): Phil Hartman Notable roles: Lionel Hutz (The Simpsons), Jiji (Kiki's Delivery Service)
Though not really known for his voice acting, it's a facet of his amazing multi-talented comedy career that can't be ignored. Hartman's roles as a voice actor stand out particularly on The Simpsons, as characters such as Lionel Hutz and Troy McClure, using his unique, bold, sweetly arrogant voice to provide both characters with a distinct flavor that made them comedic gold. Hartman's pitch-perfect comedic timing and excellent delivery provided for many memorable moments throughout the series, along with some of its greatest quotes. He played Jiji, Kiki's feline friend, in the English dub of Kiki's Delivery Service, perhaps the highlight of his voice acting career, enhancing the movie's amazing English dub with his usual comedy skills. His tragic death cut short a fantastic career, and it's likely Hartman would be much higher on this list had he had the chance to continue on to more great roles (he was poised to play Zapp Branigan, and Billy West patterned that character's delivery off of him).
#62 (Female): Bridget Hoffman Notable roles: Shinobu (Love Hina), Yuki (Fushigi Yugi)
Responsible for voicing a number of iconic leading ladies in anime series, from Outlaw Star, to Fushigi Yuki, and many many more, Bridget Hoffman has one of the largest ranges of any anime dub voice actress, and her voice can be heard in dozens of anime series under a number of aliases. Can you believe that the same woman who voices Shinobu in Love Hina voices KOS-MOS in Xenosaga? Yeah, that's Bridget Hoffman. Talented not only in terms of range but in terms of delivery as well, her voice can range from quiet to fearsome, from demure to excitable, and everywhere in between.
-
#61 (Male): Hans Conried Notable roles: Captain Hook (Peter Pan), Snidley Whiplash (Dudley Do-Right)
One of the great old Disney voice actors, he's probably most remembered for his role as Captain Hook in Peter Pan, the wicked, scheming pirate lord in Peter Pan, one of the greatest villains in Disney history. He's no stranger to villainous roles, later going on to voice the legendary Snidley Whiplash. Though his vocal roles were mostly limited to radio rather than animation, his villainous voices still left an impression on the industry, so much so that it's said that Dan Castellenetta based the mannerisms of the Robot Devil off of Conried's wicked archetype. A legend of the industry for sure, with a number of legendary roles to his credit.
#61 (Female): Bettina Bush Notable roles: Rainbow Brite (Rainbow Brite), Megan (My Little Pony)
As a child actress, Bettina Bush was one of the great voice actresses of the 80s, her sweet, youthful voice bringing to life some of the most memorable young girl characters of that decade. She had a memorable role as the saccharine cutie Rainbow Brite, she also voiced Lucy Little in The Littles and Megan in My Little Pony. Poised to be one of the all-time great voice actresses, Bettina drifted away from voice acting to focus on school and singing, though she does continue to do the occasional vocal role today, including a memorable stint as Ben's love interest Kai in an episode of Ben 10. Though no longer primarily known as a voice actress, Bettina Bush had enough of a great start to her voice acting career to propel her this high up the charts.
-
#60 (Male): Ron Perlman Notable roles: Slade (Teen Titans), Narrator (Fallout)
With his at times silky-smooth, at times deeply frightening, always awesome voice, Ron Perlman has had a nice repertoire of voiceover roles to supplement his live-action career. Starting out as Clayface in the Batman animated series, he had a myriad of other roles, both comedic and dramatic. He of course is remembered by many people for playing Slade in Teen Titans, one of the most wicked villains in animated cartoon history. His role as Mr. Lancer in Danny Phantom showed off his ability to do frantic comedy, and of course, he's the perfect narrator for the dark, postapocalyptic world of Fallout. He currently does narration for Spike TV's 1000 Ways to Die, and who better to narrate people's gruesome deaths than Ron Perlman?
#60 (Female): Lisa Ortiz Notable roles: Lina Inverse (Slayers), Serenity (Yu-Gi-Oh)
Lisa Ortiz is probably most well known as the voice of Lina Inverse, the spunky, flat-chested heroine of the famous anime show Slayers. She does an excellent job as Lina, providing anime with one of its most well-known heroines. Of course, she's performed in plenty more anime shows. She's done a number of voices for the Pokemon animated series, including Sabrina and Misty's sister Daisy. Her role as Alicia in the anime Blu Gender is perhaps one of her best, showing off her ability to do totally cute and totally serious at the same time. The outstanding work of Lisa Ortiz has given her one of the most impressive resumes in the animation business.
-
#59 (Male): Gilbert Gottfried Notable roles: Iago (Aladdin), Aflac Duck
This choice may be controversial, putting a graty-voiced comedian like Gilbert Gottfried a spot above a smooth-voiced master like Ron Perlman. But this is the Best Voice Artists list, not the Best SOUNDING voice artists list, and Gilbert Gottfried is one of the best at what he does, using his annoyingly hilarious voice to great effect. He's a master of comic timing, his skills making Iago one of the funniest villains in Disney history, and Gottfried has been heard in other shows, both in guest roles and in main roles. He appears currently in Cyberchase, and he had a hilarious guest appearance as a talking horse that Peter Griffin meets in Family Guy. You can't really help but laugh your ass off when Gilbert Gottfried is around.
#59 (Female): Mae Whitman Notable roles: Katara (Avatar: The Last Airbender), Suzy (Johnny Bravo)
A talented young woman who's been acting and voice acting all her life, Mae Whitman's first major role was as the adorable Suzy, Johnny's little neighbor girl friend on Johnny Bravo. Sometimes cute and sometimes astute, Mae Whitman charmed all of us with this role, and went on to perform some of the greatest roles in recent action cartoon history. She voiced the conflicted Huntsgirl Rose on American Dragon: Jake Long, but it was as Katara that she really shined, her now-mature voice giving Katara a beautiful sound to make her beautiful appearance. Mae's acting skills were put to full work, alternating between a variety of emotions and brilliantly acting a number of very powerful scenes. She was one of the shining stars of a brilliant voice acting ensemble.
-
#58 (Male): Yuri Lowenthal Notable roles: Sasuke (Naruto), Ben Tennyson (Ben 10: Alien Force)
Yes, it seems like he's been in everything lately, but there IS a good reason for that. Like Johnny Yong Bosch, Yuri Lowenthal is an actor well-known for his hero voice, which has landed him plenty of leading roles in anime, video games, and cartoons alike. His list of roles grows by the day, though there are a few that really stand out. As Sasuke in Naruto, he plays perhaps the most complex and controversial character in the show, and it's a role he nails perfectly, providing the emotionally tormented, determined voice that the character needs. He was excellent as the actor to finally give a voice to Final Fantasy IV's Cecil, and he also played Alex in Lunar Silver Star Harmony, taking over for Ashley Angel. Easily one of the most prolific voice actors of all time, he's made the most of his very recognizable voice and he's known as one of the most skilled in the business.
#58 (Female): Amanda Winn-Lee Notable roles: Rei Ayanami (Neon Genesis Evangelion), Rally Vincent (Gunsmith Cats)
Amanda Winn-Lee isn't quite as prolific as many other anime dub voice actresses on this list, but her range and skill (especially in iconic roles such as Rei Ayanami), give her an edge over many of her contemporaries. Winn-Lee's most famous role is that of Rei, the calm, seemingly delicate Eva pilot who gradually develops into a complex and mature person, and Winn-Lee's portayal of her captured that transformation perfectly, making Evangelion's conclusion all the more striking. The work of Winn-Lee in this role contrasts with her turn as Rally Vincent, the tough, no-nonsense (but still playful) bounty hunter in the three episode OAV special of Gunsmith Cats. About as far from Rei as anyone and Winn-Lee still nailed the role, again showing her talent as one of the very best. Beloved and known by anime fans all over the English-speaking world, Amanda Winn-Lee is definitely an anime legend.
-
#57 (Male): Paul Winchell Notable roles: Tigger (Winnie the Pooh), Dick Dastardly (Wacky Races)
A legendary voice actor with fantastic range, Paul Winchell is most well-known for his endearing performance as the bouncy, excitable tiger Tigger in the Winnie the Pooh films and cartoons. He also played Winnie the Pooh for a time, alternating the role with Jim Cummings. Winchell's voice talents were refined by his skill with ventriloquy, which he performed on television frequently and won awards for his various televised works. He did a number of voices for Hanna Barbara, he played Dick Distardly and also did several voices on The Perils of Penelope Pitstop, though his most notable work was obviously for Disney. In addition to Winnie the Pooh, he did voices for Fox and the Hound and the Gummi Bears. He continued working right up until his death, and when he finally did die in 2005, we lost an absolutely brilliant talent.
#57 (Female): Michelle Ruff Notable roles: Fujiko Mine (Lupin III), Etna (Disgaea)
Michelle Ruff has voiced some of anime's sexiest females, including Lupin III's Fujiko and Haruhi Suzumiya's Nagato Yuki. Gifted with one of the best female voices in all of animation, Ruff has put it to great effect and has become an anime fixture, also performing in numerous video games. She did an outstanding job in Lunar Silver Star Harmony, voicing Jessica and trumping the original actress quite handily. She's also performed as a number of small girls, including Naomi in Zatch Bell. Her performance as the absent-minded Tsukiko Sagi in Paranoia Agent was comically sweet, bringing a touch of sugar to the dark, creepy series.
-
#56 (Male): Kevin Conroy Notable roles: Batman (Batman: The Animated Series)
Conroy is known primarily for one voice, but oh, OH what a voice it is. It's Kevin Conroy who brought perhaps the definitive version of Batman and certainly the definitive animated version of Batman to life with his portrayal of the Dark Knight in the 1990s animated series. It was Conroy's idea to use a calm, subdued voice for Bruce Wayne while using a dark, brooding, frightful voice of Batman, an idea replicated (to dubious effect) by Christian Bale in the Christopher Nolan Batman films... but none have done it like Kevin Conroy. He even sang in a few episodes, using his Broadway training to full effect. To take such an iconic character and make him completely your own is definitely an accomplishment worthy of this list, and Kevin Conroy did just that.
#56 (Female): Megan Hollingshead Notable roles: Nurse Joy and Offcer Jenny (Pokemon), Lenneth Valkyrie (Valkyrie Profile)
The original voice of Nurse Joy and Officer Jenny, those two roles alone show off Megan Hollingshead's impressive range, one of the most impressive in all of anime, or in all of voice acting period. She played mostly supporting roles in Pokemon, but each one sounded different, and she continued this run into Yu-Gi-Oh by voicing the very sexy Mai Valentine, again with a voice that sounded different from all the others. Her video game work is equally impressive, she voiced the lovely Lenneth Valkyrie in the legendary game Valkyrie Profile, and took over for Jennifer Hale as a very capable replacement doing Sheena's voice in the Tales of Symphonia sequel. Very few of Megan Hollingshead's voices sound alike, she impresses with every single bit of work she does.
-
#55 (Male): Mako Notable roles: Aku (Samurai Jack), Iroh (Avatar: The Last Airbender)
Another actor with a highly distinctive voice, Mako's roles have propelled him to pretty much legendary status, his raspy, strong vocals making him perfect for villains such as Aku in Samurai Jack, one of the greatest animated villains of all time. His voice could also be softened for roles of mentors, strong but loving characters such as Iroh, who Mako did not get to finish voicing before his tragic, untimely death. He received a fitting tribute in a second season episode, one of the most poignant moments in the show and a reminder that the world will be a lot worse off without him.
#55 (Female): Rachael MacFarlane Notable roles: Hayley Smith (American Dad!), Numbuh 362 (The Kids Next Door)
Younger sister to Seth MacFarlane of Family Guy fame, Rachael is a more than capable voice actress in her own right, her voices spanning a number of comedic archetypes. Skilled with accents, she was the perfect fit for the lovely Eris in Grim and Evil, a wicked chaotic witch with a hint of valley girl that Rachael perfectly conveyed in the episodes in which she appeared. Her role as Hayley Smith may be a bit controversial, but she's quite convincing as the outspoken rebellious girl. She also voiced Olivia in her brother's Family Guy series, providing the voice of a talented, singing, dancing little girl who sang a memorable duet with Stewie. Her range isn't very wide but her top-notch comedic skills get her this spot on the list.
-
#54 (Male): Richard Horvitz Notable roles: Zim (Invader Zim), Daggett (Angry Beavers)
Richard Horvitz has voiced some of the weirdest, craziest characters in animation history, with a voice perfectly suited for such roles. He's most well known as Invader Zim, the high-strung Irkan invader seeking to conquer Earth, and as the centerpiece of the show, Horvitz's comedic skills came into full play, he was clearly having fun with the role and we all had fun right along with him. His role as Billy in The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy was equally hilarious, as he voiced a crazy and also HIGHLY stupid young boy, he spouted one round of nonsense after another and made us all laugh at pretty much everything he said. Really, this guy is the king of playing high-strung characters, you never know when Richard Horvitz is going to turn up the volume to hilarious heights.
#54 (Female): Debi Mae West Notable roles: Meryl Silverburgh (Metal Gear Solid), Tsunade (Naruto)
With her serious but very sexy voice, Debi Mae West has masterfully voiced several iconic characters of anime and video games, particularly Meryl in Metal Gear Solid. The perfect foil to Solid Snake, Meryl wasn't just another bland Bond girl, she had attitude, bite, personality, all the things that make a badass video game heroine, and Debi Mae West's performance was absolutely wonderful, sometimes even overshadowing David Hayter, which is quite tough to do. As Tsunade, she keeps up her reputation for voicing tough badasses, she gives the sexy ninja master a tone of fierceness and wisdom and never turns down the sexy.
-
#53 (Male): Corey Burton Notable roles: Brainiac (Justice League), V.V. Argost (The Secret Saturdays)
A true master of his craft, Corey Burton has voiced many, many characters over his 35+ year career, with no end in sight. A major voice actor for Disney, he currently voices characters such as Captain Hook and Dale in Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers, and his other Disney roles include Sark, Yen Sid, Shan Yu (when Miguel Ferrer is unable to reprise the role), and dozens of voices in Disney theme parks. This doesn't include is extensive non-Disney roles, including Count Dooku in The Clone Wars and an amazing turn as the villainous V.V. Argost in Secret Saturdays, one of the gems of his career, performing in a wicked, accented voice that's absolutely perfect for a mysterious villain character.
#53 (Female): Anndi McAfee Notable roles: Phoebe (Hey Arnold), Cera (The Land Before Time)
She's been voice acting nearly all her life, and has voiced dozens of light-voiced characters with a mix of charm, innocence, and wonder. She is the closest thing to an approximation of how Judith Barsi's career might have turned out had that young actress' life not been so tragically cut short. The most recent voice for Cera in A Land Before Time, Anndi demonstrates that her meek voice is not just for shy, demure characters, she's perfect for the tough role of Cera. She voiced the leader of the Ashleys in Recess, a contrast from her role as the sweet Phoebe in Hey Arnold, and recently voiced the character of Emily Wong in the Mass Effect series.
-
#52 (Male): Patrick Warburton Notable roles: Brock Samson (The Venture Brothers), Joe Swanson (Family Guy)
With his great tough guy voice that sounds awesome SCREAMED RIGHT IN YOUR FACE!, Patrick Warburton has been a staple of animation for the past ten years, making the successful jump from live-action to voiceover acting. He was heard in Family Guy as the police officer Joe and he's been a great supporting character in that cast since the beginning of the show's run. He was also quite hilarious in The Emperor's New Groove as Yzma's hapless sidekick Kronk, a role he reprised in the televised animated series. Perhaps the best role of his career is as the ultra-badass antihero Brock Samson in the Venture Brothers, where Warburton utilizes all his voiceover chops to put together an outstanding character.
#52 (Female): Alyson Court Notable roles: Claire Redfield (Resident Evil), Lydia Deetz (Beetlejuice, animated series)
As a child actor, she performed voiceover for Care Bears II, holding her own alongside Cree Summer as one of the precocious little girls helped by the Care Bears. She later went on to give an outstanding interpretation of Lydia Deetz in the animated Beetlejuice series, providing a spunky but still dark character that was a bit more suitable for the kids than Winona Ryder's depressed version from the live-action movie. The subtleties of Alyson Court's voice are really illustrated by her Lydia role, contrast her later appearances as Claire in the Resident Evil series and recently as Megan Clark in The Amazing Spiez. It's very hard to tell Lydia and Megan are voiced by the same woman, though the characters have near-identical ages and even similar personalities. That's an example of the passion and professionalism that Alyson Court brings to every role, and what makes her one of the finest Toronto-area voice actresses ever.
-
#51 (Male): Jeff Bergman Notable roles: Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck (1990s)
One of the cadre of voiceover artists who replaced Mel Blanc after Blanc's death, Jeff Bergman is known for his near spot-on Bugs Bunny voice that enabled a fairly seamless transition for Looney Tunes voices post-Blanc. His work can be heard in shows such as Tiny Toon Adventures, and though it's not a perfect match, Bergman's work ethic and talents have still given him an impressive repertoire and have put his voice talents high in demand. After taking some time off from the roles, Bergman will return to voice Bugs and Daffy in the new Looney Tunes Show.
#51 (Female): Nika Futterman Notable roles: Asajj Ventress (Star Wars: The Clone Wars), Catwoman (Batman: The Brave and the Bold)
Voicing Asajj Ventress in the CGI Clone Wars series (Grey Delisle voiced her in the traditionally-animated one), Nika Futterman is probably best known for her raspy, somewhat boyish voice that's given her a distinctive niche in the animation world. Though her raspy-voiced roles are numerous and impressive (voicing characters such as Smellerbee in Avatar, Zita Flores in Kim Possible, and Miguel in Maya and Miguel among others), she also has a fairly sweet side to her voice, as seen when she voiced Olga Pataki in Hey Arnold, or, impressively, Undine in Tales of Symphonia.
-
#50 (Male): Phil Harris Notable roles: Baloo (The Jungle Book), Little John (Robin Hood)
One of the greatest radio comedians of all time, Phil Harris cemented his animation legacy by voicing three of the most beloved Disney characters of all time: Baloo, Mowgli's friend in The Jungle Book, Thomas O'Malley from the Aristocats, and Little John, from Robin Hood. Phil's low-pitched, distinct, but always cool voice served him well in his music career, and he used it to sing one of Disney's greatest songs of all time: The Bare Necessities, a ditty that's been stuck in the heads of Disney fans for the last 40 years. Harris' performances for Disney might not have been many, but they were all great, and absolutely unforgettable.
#50 (Female): Norma MacMillan Notable roles: Davey (Davey and Goliath), Sweet Polly Purebred (Underdog)
Truly one of the great old voice actresses, Norma MacMillan has voiced a number of animated characters over her nearly half-century long voiceover career. She played Kokette in a long series of animated shorts before moving on to voice characters such as Davey and of course, Casper the Friendly Ghost. She performed as Alice in a series of televised adaptations of Alice in Wonderland, and was also Sweet Polly Purebred in Underdog. One way or another, you heard Norma MacMillan's voice somewhere while watching cartoons as a child.
-
#49 (Male): Dom DeLuise Notable roles: Tiger (An American Tail), Itchy (All Dogs Go To Heaven)
One of the great comedic actors of all time, with one of the most distinctive voices of all time, it was natural that Dom DeLuise would make the jump to animation. He was a staple in Don Bluth films, appearing as friendly, Cowardly Lion-esque characters and stealing scene after scene with his lovable antics and jokes. His performance as Tiger in the American Tail series was probably his most notable, his character transformation done in hilarious and heartwarming fashion. Heartwarming was another way to describe his performances, he was amazing as the Koos in his appearances on Dexter's Lab, warming even Dexter's cold heart. He voiced many other characters, but it was his Don Bluth roles and his role as the Koos that truly stand out.
#49 (Female): Susan Silo Notable roles: Wuya (Xiaolin Showdown), Neptunia (Darkwing Duck)
An actress with a career spanning the last half-century, Susan Silo's been heard in all kinds of cartoons in all kinds of roles, certainly one of the most versatile voice actresses ever. From the White Queen in Pryde of the X-Men, to Wuya in Xiaolin Showdown, Susan Silo can fit into just about any role, and casting directors always seem to have a place for her, as her name just keeps popping up in voiceover credits. She's typecast a bit into motherly roles as her career's gone on, she voiced Mama Mousekewitz in An American Tail and was Miss Nanny in Piggly Winkes, but being typecast hasn't reduced her versatility and she still plays a wide range of characters to this day.
-
#48 (Male): Cliff Edwards Notable roles: Jiminy Cricket (Pinocchio), Head Crow (Dumbo)
His voice acting career consisted pretty much entirely of one role, that of Jiminy Cricket, Pinocchio's guardian and friend in the film Pinocchio. A classic vaudeville actor and singer, Edwards' talents were used to perfection in the film, giving us one of Disney's iconic characters. Edwards' sweet, at times harried voice perfectly expressed Jiminy's feelings over Pinocchio's sometimes wavering behavior, and Edwards continued to voice the role beyond the film up until his death in 1971. Though Cliff Edwards fell on hard times soon after voicing Jiminy and never achieved the level of prolific fame that other Disney voiceover actors did, his role as Pinocchio was one of a kind, proving Edwards' absolutely brilliant talent.
#48 (Female): Saffron Henderson Notable roles: Lucrezia Noin (Gundam Wing), Gohan (Dragonball Z, Ocean dub)
One of the most well known Ocean group actresses, Saffron Henderson's tremendous range draws comparisons to actresses like Tara Strong, with her ability to voice both sultry, sexy women and tiny little boys with incredibly believable skill giving a good profile of her overall career. Yes, many voice actresses are called upon to perform both these tasks, but few do it with the pitch-perfect skill of Saffron Henderson, whose Gohan voice in the first couple of seasons of Dragonball Z was completely fitting for the character, surpassing the raspy interpretation that Stephanie Nadolny later gave with Funimation. She performed as Bloodberry in Saber Marionette J, Sherry in Zatch Bell, Naomi Flugel in Zoids New Century, and of course, as Lucrezia Noin in Gundam Wing, a complex character who is at the same time tough and motherly, perhaps the best performance of Saffron's career (contending with Gohan).
-
#47 (Male): Keith Ferguson Notable roles: Basch (Final Fantasy XII), Bloo (Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends)
Just... just look at "Notable Roles". Just look at it. The man voices Basch... and Bloo. BASCH... AND BLOO. Do I really have to explain why else he cracked the top 50? Well, if you do insist... Keith Ferguson has tremendous range and outstanding acting skill. As Basch, the fallen soldier who must redeem himself in Final Fantasy XII, he voiced the character with all the gravitas and dramatic flair that the role required. As Bloo, in Foster's, he was practically a G-rated Cartman. Irreverent, hilarious, selfish, and nothing, NOTHING like Basch. He also voiced Marluxia in Kingdom Hearts Re:Chain of Memories and 358/2 Days, giving himself a villainous role to pad his impressive resume. He filled in for Owen Wilson as the voice of Lightning McQueen in some Cars shorts, he was in Lost Odyssey... but basically, he was Basch... and Bloo. Yeah.
#47 (Female): Barbara Goodson Notable roles: Rita Repulsa (Power Rangers), Laharl (Disgaea)
Barbara Goodson has been in EVERYTHING. Well, everything anime related, anyway. You probably first heard her as the grating voice of Rita in Power Rangers, hamming it up seriously and making the witch both threatening and hilarious. She's known for her skill at voicing male characters, such as Naota in FLCL and of course Laharl in Disgaea, etching her name in memory as perhaps THE funniest female anime dub actress. She voiced Ryuzaki in Prince of Tennis, Chiyo in Naruto, and many many MANY others, showing her talent with serious voices in addition to her comedic roles. Still, most remember her for her great Power Rangers voices, and is there any reason why not?
-
#46 (Male): Bill Farmer Notable roles: Goofy, Pluto (Disney), Sam (Sam & Max Hit the Road)
Bill Farmer is of course primarily known for being the current (and best) voice of Goofy), inheriting the role with his very first voice acting audition. From there, he never looked back, performing dozens of vocal roles and voice matches (he voiced Yosemite Sam, Sylvester, and Foghorn Leghorn in Space Jam, for example) in many, many animated series and still staying very active today. Citing his secret, which he learned from the great Daws Butler, he said that he doesn't look at his roles as just some guy doing goofy voices, but actually doing acting, and as Goofy in things like Kingdom Hearts and A Goofy Movie, Bill Farmer has put more personality into Goofy than any other, bringing a new dimension to the character that's won him fans across generations. Making someone like Goofy into a modern icon is hard to do, but Bill Farmer's amazing interpretation of the character has warmed the hearts of millions.
#46 (Female): Janice Kawaye Notable roles: Gi (Captain Planet), Jenny Wakeman (My Life As A Teenage Robot)
Janice Kawaye is pretty recognizable in every role she voices, using her sweet, sugary voice for pretty much everything. It's how she uses her voice that makes her one of the greats, and has created opportunities for her that make us all glad she came back to voice acting after taking a sabbatical following Captain Planet. As Gi, she was very convincing as a pretty, caring, but still tough when she needed to be Planeteer, her performance in the "guns" episode pretty much cementing her character as someone not to be messed with. She played cutesy as characters like Ami in Hi Hi PuffyAmiYumi and as Jenny in My Life As A Teenage Robot, bursting back onto the animation scene in a big way. Out of her recent roles, her performance as Alice in Tales of Symphonia: Dawn of the New World is probably her best, playing way against type as the sadistic, creepy Alice who is chillingly effective despite Kawaye's always adorable voice.
-
#45 (Male): Crispin Freeman Notable roles: Alucard (Hellsing), Zelgadis (Slayers)
Crispin Freeman is one of those legendary anime voice actors who pretty much every fan knows about and admires. I think he even has his own category of Chuck Norris jokes or something. He's voiced some of the great characters in anime history, including his role as the badass Alucard in Hellsing, one of the coolest anime characters of all time. He voices Itachi in Naruto, another outstanding performance, and also plays Kyon in Haruhi, a bit of a departure from his usual roles. He voiced Raphael Sylla in W.I.T.C.H. for all of one episode, sadly the series was canceled before we could see him voice yet another awesome character. Crispin Freeman is definitely one of the most admired voice actors in history, for very good reason.
#45 (Female): Yeardley Smith Notable roles: Lisa Simpson (The Simpsons), Cecilia (We're Back: A Dinosaur's Story)
Yeardley Smith's only really major role is that of Lisa Simpson, the nerdy Simpsons girl who always seems to be on her soapbox. Love her or hate her, Lisa is one of those iconic American animation characters, and over the long course of a 20 year series, Yeardley Smith has captured the character's every emotion, giving little Lisa pretty much the perfect voice for the character. Nerdy at times, fierce and determined at others, with excellent singing skills to boot, Yeardley is an essential part of one of the greatest voice casts in history.
-
#44 (Male): Seth MacFarlane Notable roles: Peter Griffin, Quagmire, Stewie (Family Guy), Stan Smith (American Dad)
The creator of Family Guy and the owner of one of the best voices on TV today, Seth MacFarlane might take a lot of flack for his show sometimes, but there's no denying his impressive voiceover talent. He voices characters as distinct as Stewie, Peter, and Brian Griffin, the later of whom he uses his own natural voice for. And what a voice it is, a Broadway-style singing voice in the style of the great old Rat Pack singers, MacFarlane loves music and gives himself a chance to sing whenever he can... it's usually pretty good. Seth MacFarlane outranks people like Mike Judge and Trey Parker due to the sheer variety of his voices and his great comic timing, he can be self-deprecating and always works hard to provide the best voice for the situation. His Paul Lynde impression as Roger Smith in American Dad is also a thing of beauty.
#44 (Female): Verna Felton Notable roles: Fairy Godmother (Cinderella), Queen of Hearts (Alice in Wonderland)
Disney's equivalent of June Foray, this distinctively-voiced woman performed a number of roles, ranging from matronly to malevolent. Her range enabled her to voice characters like the Fairy Godmother with whimsical sweetness, then turn around and voice characters like the Queen of Hearts, one of the nastiest, scariest villains in Disney history. Felton's performances are a memorable part of early Disney films, she performed in films as early as Dumbo and as late as The Jungle Book. She died very shortly before the death of Walt Disney, closing a symbolic chapter in the history of the company and silencing one of the most talented voices in cinematic history.
-
#43 (Male): Gregg Berger Notable roles: Jecht (Final Fantasy X), The Gromble (Aaah! Real Monsters)
Though his natural voice is gruff and powerful, Gregg Berger is a very versatile actor who can play a number of roles. He's known as the voice of Odie the dog in every Garfield adaptation, and has voiced characters as diverse as Orson the pig (also from Garfield), and The Gromble (from Aaah! Real Monsters), just a small part of his vocal ensemble. A true talent through and through and one of the staple voice actors of animation, he's been heard as characters like Eeyore (in Kingdom Hearts), Grimlock (in Transformers), Agent K (Men in Black: The Series)... it's hard to find a list of roles as diverse as everything Gregg's done.
#43 (Female): Pamela Segall Adlon Notable roles: Bobby Hill (King of the Hill), Spinelli (Recess)
Usually known for playing high-pitched boys or rough and tumble girls, Pamela Adlon has been somewhat pigeonholed over the course of her career, but in terms of comedic talent and the diverse range of characters she's been able to skillfully portray, she's one of the best. Few of her roles were quite as impressive as Spinelli, a character quite different from the usual tomboy archetype you'd see on TV. She was tough, she would pummel you if you messed with her, but she also was quite friendly and had a vulnerable side, a balance that Pamela was able to pull off extremely well. It goes without saying that her role as Bobby Hill was equally funny, giving us some of the great quotes in animation history... "THAT'S MY PURSE! I DON'T KNOW YOU!". A true professional and a master of perfect delivery.
-
#42 (Male): Charles Martinet Notable roles: Mario, Luigi, Wario (Mario series)
Perhaps the most accomplished voice actor in video game history, Charles Martinet is the voice of the iconic video game hero Mario. A trained stage actor, Martinet decided upon a light, cheerful voice in contrast with the rough, gruff voices that Mario had been given in previous animation and video game projects. In doing so, Mario became a fully kid-friendly character in the vein of Mickey Mouse, able to be cheerful and kind while at the same time remaining tough and brave. Martinet did get to use his gruffer voice as the wicked Wario in other games in the series, including Warioware, providing a stark contrast to the heroic plumber. Martinet's roles aren't merely limited to Nintendo games, he recently portrayed the very dark Cardinal Lagerfeld in Resonance of Fate, a brilliant, darkly villainous performance that gave Martinet the chance to shine in a very serious role.
#42 (Female): Laura Bailey Notable roles: Child Trunks (Dragonball Z), Marta (Tales of Symphonia: Dawn of the New World)
Funimation's most well-known female voice actress, Laura Bailey is a highly talented actress with a great range and an array of vocal skills, she played a lot of young boy voices in the early part of her career, and also played the light-voiced Keiko in Yu Yu Hakusho before branching out into more serious, mature roles. She voiced Marlene in Blue Gender and had a wickedly creepy turn as Lust in Full Metal Alchemist, the sultry homunculi villainess. She plays Maka Albarn in Soul Eater, another of her most popular recent roles, and she has a huge video game resume, she's the latest voice of Chun Li, she voiced Serah in Final Fantasy XIII, and she plays Rayne in BloodRayne, among many many many others, making her one of the most accomplished actresses in video game history.
-
#41 (Male): Phil LaMarr Notable roles: Samurai Jack (Samurai Jack), Hermes Conrad (Futurama)
A talented comedic actor, Phil LaMarr branched out into voice acting and became one of the best at conveying both comedic and dramatic characters, as exemplified with the roles listed as his notable ones (he truly has many). As Samurai Jack, he was quiet and heroic, giving the badass samurai hero the perfect badass samurai voice, in contrast to his role as Hermes, the high-strung bureaucrat in Futurama. LaMarr does some of his best work as Hermes, part of a very talented ensemble cast, he definitely holds his own. From the very first few episodes of Futarama, LaMarr really shined, in episodes such as "How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back", where his character even got to perform a hilarious singing number. Later on, with characters such as the friendly Wilt in Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends, and the heroic Reddas in Final Fantasy XII, LaMarr continued his streak of great roles.
#41 (Female): Hynden Walch Notable roles: Starfire (Teen Titans), Princess Bubblegum (Adventure Time)
Hynden Walch absolutely burst onto the scene with her role as the sweet Starfire in Teen Titans. People fell in love with her sugary voice, many unaware that she also voiced two of the series' wickedest villains: Madame Rouge (effecting a great accent) and Blackfire. She is mostly typecast as demure sweet characters, such as Nia in Tengen Toppen Gurren Lagann and Princess Bubblegum (though Bubblegum does have a hidden dark side which she exhibits occasionally). Definitely one of the funniest voice actresses to ever be in the business, Walch has made a lot of waves in her short career, and she's definitely got a lot left to go.
-
#40 (Male): Daran Norris Notable voices: Cosmo (The Fairly Oddparents), Vincent (Cowboy Bebop: Knockin' On Heaven's Door)
Another actor whose notable roles give an indication of his amazing range, Daran Norris has an extensive resume in both anime and western cartoons. His most well-known roles are probably his comedic ones, he voices both Cosmo and Timmy Turner's dad (and Jorgen von Strangle) in The Fairly OddParents, performing an eclectic mix of voices in that show alone. Gifted with a deep voice resembling a radio announcer's, Norris can twist and contort that voice into a number of shapes, each forming a dimension of his acting skills. He's truly hilarious as an actor, which makes his serious voices all the more striking and impressive, especially as the insane, villainous Vincent Volaju in Cowboy Bebop, one of the darkest characters in the series.
#40 (Female): Susan Sheridan Notable roles: Princess Eilonwy (The Black Cauldron), Noddy (Noddy animated series)
Susan Sheridan is perhaps England's greatest female voice actress, voicing a number of legendary characters for both British and international animation. Her most enduring role is probably that of Noddy, the curious little wooden gnome from the animated adaptation of Enid Blyton's children's stories. Though mostly unknown to Americans, Sheridan's performance as the mischievous gnome is positively delightful and worthy of a look if you can find the shows online. Her performance as Eilonwy is another overlooked one but truly sweet, the source of many of our childhood cartoon crushes. Sheridan's illustrious career also contains such roles as Princess Sylvia in the language-learning cartoon Muzzy and Moomin in the animated series of the same name.
-
#39 (Male): David Ogden Stiers Notable roles: Cogsworth (Beauty and the Beast), Radcliffe (Pocahontas)
Disney's modern-day go-to guys for various films (especially during the Disney Renaissance), David Ogden Stiers has been heard in a variety of roles, from villainous characters to bumbling sidekicks to booming narrators, his range is tremendous and he spices up many a film whenever he's in it. As Cogsworth, he was a great foil to Jerry Orbach's excellent Lumiere, playing the sometimes stern, sometimes very nervous clock with perfect timing and even a great ad-lib or two. He played the Archdeacon in Hunchback of Notre Dame and in Pocahontas he did double-duty as both the villainous Radcliffe and his bumbling servant Wiggins. He played the Penguin in Mystery of the Batwoman, another great role that rounds out his outstanding resume.
#39 (Female): Susanne Blakeslee Notable roles: Wanda (The Fairly OddParents), Maleficent (Kingdom Hearts)
Popping up when you least expect her, Susanne Blakeslee has performed an impressive variety of voices, from the hilariously silly to the deadly serious. Like Daran Norris, she plays both a godparent and a real parent of Timmy Turner, showing a great duality as Timmy's mom and his godmother Wanda. Speaking of duality, she frequently shows off her range by pulling multiple roles in the same series, such as her impressive stint as Dr. Miranda Grey and Rani Nagi on The Secret Saturdays, or as a number of Disney characters, succeeding most of Eleanor Audley's old roles. Blakeslee's tremendous talent can be heard in games as well, she voices Julie Langford in the original Bioshock and does several of the Splicer voices as well.
-
#38 (Male): Tom Kane Notable roles: Yoda (Star Wars: The Clone Wars), Magneto (Wolverine and the X-Men)
With an outstanding voice for narration (you can hear him hundreds of places every time you turn on the TV), Tom Kane was only a natural for voice acting, and you can hear his voice in almost as many cartoons as his narrations. He does a ton of great impressions (his Morgan Freeman impression is almost spot-on), and he's pretty much THE voice actor for Star Wars games and cartoons, appearing in pretty much every single one. He does some nice comedic roles, such as Professor Utonium in the Powerpuff Girls, and Darwin in The Wild Thornberries among many others (including some great work for Robot Chicken), he plays Monkey Fist in Kim Possible, and he was Ondore in Final Fantasy XII (don't believe his lies!) to name a few. It's a rare gift that someone with such a great voice can turn it into so many things, but Tom Kane is a master at voice acting and you'll definitely be hearing him for a long time to come.
#38 (Female): Debi Derryberry Notable roles: Jimmy Neutron (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius), Ryo-Ohki (Tenchi Muyo)
Debi Derryberry has been voicing cartoon characters for the past 25 years, playing a lot of boys with her distinct but quite versatile voice. She's most well-known for playing Jimmy Neutron, tackling the boy genius with great skill and playing very well off Carolyn Lawrence in Jimmy and Cindy's scenes together. She played both Ryo-Ohki and Yugi in Tenchi Muyo, the former being particularly adorable with one of the cutest "meow meow!" exclamations ever. Like many great voiceover actors, she pops up everywhere, playing roles in Totally Spies (as Madison, the president's daughter), The Addams Family (as Wednesday Addams), and in Monster High (as Draculaura, using a hard-to-place but oh-so-adorable accent). One of the queens of cute, Debi Derryberry's roles are as adorable as her name.
-
#37 (Male): Jess Harnell Notable roles: Wakko Warner (Animaniacs), Captain Hero (Drawn Together)
Being the voice of Wakko Warner alone would probably be able to get him on this list, giving one of the great comedic performances in animated history as the wacky, zany, totally hilarious star of one of the funniest cartoons of all time. Effecting a Ringo Starr-like accent for the character really added to Wakko's charm, giving him an aura like something out of an old British cartoon brought into a zany new world. He's had a huge number of other roles, including playing the original voice of Jerry on Totally Spies (something a FAR cry from Wakko, the calm, wise agency chief in contrast with the insane Animaniac), playing Captain Hero on Drawn Together (crazy in a totally different way) and even getting called upon to do the roles of both Barricade and Ironside in Michael Bay's Transformers film. Definitely one of the great voiceover legends of today.
#37 (Female): Pamela Hayden Notable roles: Milhouse, Jimbo, Rod Flanders (The Simpsons)
Another of the very talented ensemble of actors who voice The Simpsons, Pamela Hayden is best known as Bart's best pal Milhouse. She also voices the bully Jimbo Jones, the demure neighbor kid Rod Flanders, and Clancy Wiggum's wife Sarah, showing off a great range of vocal talents on the course of one show. Though she hasn't appeared in too many other animated roles, her long-standing roles on the Simpsons, particularly her great performance as Milhouse, have elevated her to the status of one of the greats in the voiceover biz.
-
#36 (Male): Clancy Brown Notable roles: Lex Luthor (Justice League), Mr. Krabs (Spongebob Squarepants)
A deep-voiced actor highly suited to voiceover acting, Clancy Brown has portrayed large numbers of characters, many of them villains, including the iconic Lex Luthor in the DC Animated Universe. He also played the wicked, terrifying Long Feng in Avatar: The Last Airbender, his cold, calculating performance perfectly suiting the role and creating one of the series' most memorable villains. He can get silly at times, showing off his comedic gifts in roles such as that of Spongebob's penny-pinching boss Mr. Krabs, or in a number of roles in Phineas and Ferb, including Santa Claus and as the wicked warden of a reform school that Phineas and Ferb are sent to. Though capable of all kinds of voices, it's clear that Clancy Brown is an expert at playing villains and hopefully we'll hear him play many more of them.
#36 (Female): Mona Marshall Notable roles: Mrs. Broflovski (South Park), Izzy (Digimon: Digital Monsters)
An incredibly prolific voice actress for both cartoons and anime, Mona Marshall is probably best known for the roles she played on South Park, taking over for Mary Kay Bergman as Kyle's mother and several other characters after Bergman's tragic suicide. Her low-pitched voice is suitable for voicing boys as well, she voiced Izzy in Digimon and is remembered by many as the voice of Kite in the .hack/ games. She played Motoko in Love Hina and also voiced the cute creature Plue in Rave Master.
-
#35 (Male): Keith David Notable roles: Goliath (Gargoyles), Dr. Facilier (The Princess and the Frog)
Possessing a deep, smooth, dare-I-say-it SEXY voice, Keith David has been featured in both live-action and animated productions, with his first major animated role being that of Goliath, the protagonist of the Gargoyles series that is known as one of the most critically-acclaimed animated shows of all time, with Keith David's performance right at the center of the acclaim. David's brooding performance helped to make Goliath an instantly legendary character and helped make Keith David one of the industry's most respected actors. From there, he's received many roles in both animation and narration, with a recent spike in his performances that includes two of the top roles of 2009: Dr. Facilier in The Princess and the Frog, and the Cat in the Coraline film, where he played a mysterious talking cat who guided Coraline through her scary ordeals. Keith David's voice is almost unmistakable, and when you hear it, you know to prepare for awesomeness.
#35 (Female): Cathy Cavadini Notable roles: Blossom (The Powerpuff Girls), Tanya Mousekewitz (Fievel Goes West)
Cathy Cavadini doesn't have a very long list of credits to her name, but she certainly shows her talent in the roles she does play, using her light, sweet voice to create several memorable roles. Her role as Blossom saw herself as the intellectual leader of the team, brilliant and sweet but at the same time tough as nails and ready to help her sisters out of a jam. As Tanya Mousekewitz, taking over the role for Fievel Goes West, she had perhaps the most underappreciated role in the movie, taking Tanya on a character ark that brought her out of her shell and singing some beautiful songs in the progress. She demonstrated her range in later roles, she was Cooper in Ben 10 and also played a beautiful alien woman and a fierce monster on Teen Titans.
-
#34 (Male): Carlos Alazraqui Notable roles: Rocko (Rocko's Modern Life), Taco Bell Chihuahua (commercials)
A gifted comedian with tremendous comedic talent, Alazraqui has performed in a large number of cartoons and commercials, providing a diverse set of voices in shows like Rocko's Modern Life, Catdog, Camp Lazlo, Mucha Lucha, Family Guy, and many many many others. With outstanding comedic timing (as also seen on his live-action show Reno 911), Alazraqui is a natural voice-over talent with a gift for providing just the right joke at just the right time. Even on Rocko's Modern Life, where he played straight-man Rocko, his manic episodes and occasional crazy outbursts gave the show some of its very best moments, though many times he was just funny as regular old Rocko. And who doesn't remember those "Yo quiero Taco Bell" commercials?
#34 (Female): Mary Elizabeth McGlynn Notable roles: Motoko Kusanagi (Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex), Julia (Cowboy Bebop)
Mary Elizabeth McGlynn is a legend among anime fans, her deep, VERY sexy voice as been attributed the label of "perfect" by some. A talented actress AND singer, she performed the vocals for many songs in the Silent Hill series, but her true talents shine in voice acting, particularly as Major Kusanagi in the Ghost in the Shell series. Providing the character with the serious but also interspective voice that's perfectly suited for such a character, she provides the series with its perfect star, making Motoko one of the all-time great anime heroines. She performs as Kurenai in Naruto and as Nina Williams in Tekken 6, among many many many other sexy characters she plays.
-
#33 (Male): Casey Kasem Notable roles: Shaggy (Scooby Doo), Robin (1960s Batman cartoons)
Casey Kasem is of course best known for his legendary Top 40 radio narration, but he's also one of the best voice actors of all time, giving voice to some of the best and funniest characters ever. His performance as the perpetually freaked-out Shaggy was the stuff of legends, with he and Scooby providing the show's comic relief and its main dynamic duo. Speaking of dynamic duos, he was the perfect actor to bring Robin to life, at least back when the Batman series still had most of its camp factor going. He performed in the 1980s Transformers cartoon for a time, leaving due to the show's offensive stereotyping of Middle Easterners in a season three episode. Still, it's his long-time role as Shaggy that we mostly remember him for, that ad that incredible radio voice of his.
#33 (Female): Lucille Bliss Notable roles: Smurfette (The Smurfs), Mrs. Bitters (Invader ZIM)
With a career spanning over 60 years, Lucille Bliss is truly a golden oldie, providing us with a wide range of great cartoon roles. She could be Smurfette in one moment and Mrs. Bitters in the next, one of the most impressive spans of range between two completely different characters. With so many years of credits to her name, Bliss has done it all. She voiced Anastasia in the original 1950 Cinderella film, that's how far she goes back. Her determination to get a voice at Hanna-Barbera finally got her the role of Smurfette, and it's clear through the quality of her work that she appreciates all the opportunities she's gotten, still working at the age of 94.
-
#32 (Male): Clarence Nash and Tony Anselmo Notable roles: Donald Duck, Huey, Dewey, and Louie (Disney)
Sharing this spot for their amazing performances as the iconic Donald Duck, it was too hard to pick out a better performer to get the spot on their own. They both voiced Donald Duck in an amazing number of projects, with Nash originating the character and voicing him through hundreds of Disney shorts, several movies, including Mickey's Christmas Carols, and giving us that famous barely-understandable angry quacking, one of the most distinctive voices of all time. Tony Anselmo has voiced Donald Duck in additional shorts and also does a spectacular job in the Kingdom Hearts series, making him worthy of sharing this spot with the man who trained him for the role.
#32 (Female): Bea Benaderet Notable roles: Betty Rubble (The Flintstones)
Though Bea Benadaret's only notable role was that of Betty Rubble in The Flintstones, she was a pioneering voice actress who did a number of short animated films for Warner Brothers during the late 40s and early 50s, performing a large variety of characters with a number of different types of voices, from old characters to young and beyond. Still, her big break, at least from a voice acting standpoint, came from her performance as Betty Rubble in The Flintstones. Playing the cute, chipper wife of Barney Rubble, her sweet voice and infectious giggle made her one of the most charming animated ladies of the 60s. Her laugh, in fact, became SO associated with Betty that the decision to cast Rosie O'Donnell in the live-action Flintstones film was made primarily due to the fact that only O'Donnell could match Benaderet's laugh.
-
#31 (Male): Kevin Michael Richardson Notable roles: Captain Gantu (Lilo and Stitch), The Joker (The Batman)
Kevin Michael Richardson possesses one of the deepest voices in animation, a booming, distinctive voice that enables him to play a great number of strong characters and horrifying villains. He appeared as Trigon on Teen Titans and was even controversially cast as The Joker in The Batman, taking the character in a different direction from Mark Hamill but still showing off range beyond his normally deep-voiced characters. Perhaps his most memorable villainous role was that of the long-suffering Captain Gantu in Lilo and Stitch, a character both menacing and at times silly, a source of comic relief when Gantu is made the butt of the other characters' (particularly Stitch's) antics. He had a memorable cameo on The Boondocks as Martin Luther King Jr. during a controversial episode that saw King returning to life and giving a very memorable speech on race, another of Richardson's indelible performances.
#31 (Female): Wendee Lee Notable roles: Faye Valentine (Cowboy Bebop), Kiva (Megas XLR)
An anime voice actress with a reputation for having a very sexy voice, though a bit lighter than Mary McGlynn's. The voice has earned her roles as some of the sultriest babes in anime, particularly Faye Valentine, who shows an incredible range of emotions throughout the series that gives Lee the perfect chance to show off her fine-tuned acting chops. She joined Cowboy Bebop co-star Steve Blum in Megas XLR, playing Kiva, another somewhat serious character who did let her hair down, so to speak, a few times in the series. Of course, you can't forget that Wendee Lee also plays Haruhi Suzumiya, the quirky star of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya. The excitable girl is a departure from Lee's usual more serious roles, but she absolutely nails it, comparing favorably to Aya Hirano's original performance. Of course, Lee can also voice male characters as well, she was TK in Digimon and Yahiko in Rurouni Kenshin, among several others. With all her talent, it's no wonder her career is going so strong and while she remains an absolute legend in the anime dubbing world.
-
#30 (Male): Steve Blum Notable roles: Spike Spiegel (Cowboy Bebop), Orochimaru (Naruto)
With one of the most distinctive, well-known voices around, you can pretty much pick out Steve Blum whenever he shows up, using that badass voice of his to play a number of equally badass characters. His most well known voice is that of Spike Spiegel, one of the most incredible performances in anime history. Steve Blum's performance as Spike was a multi-dimensional, memorable performance where he brought out the true badassness of the character while still letting his vulnerabilities shine through, and even giving him plenty of humorous moments. Blum has also voiced his fair share of villains, Shishio and Orochimaru among them. Despite being typecast with that deep, badass voice of his, it's not the only voice Steve Blum has in his repertoire. He voiced Guilmon in Digimon Tamers and Blunk in W.I.T.C.H., using a light, comically silly voice for those characters that was about the furthest thing from Spike Spiegel that you can imagine. A timeless talent, through and through.
#30 (Female): Linda Gary Notable roles: Teela (He-Man), Grandma Longneck (Land Before Time II-IV)
One of the 80s pre-eminent voiceover artists, Linda Gary performed nearly every major female voice on shows like He-Man and She-Ra, with characters like Teela, Evil Lyn, and Queen Marlena to her credit. In addition to her very pretty female voices, she performed a number of male roles, such as Flim-Flam in The Thirteen Ghosts of Scooby-Doo. She could flex her voice to perform as an older character, such as Grandma Longneck from The Land Before Time, or Aunt May in the 1990s Spiderman animated series. Unfortunately, her career was tragically cut short by her death at age 50 from cancer, but before that she left a legacy that few voice actresses can approach.
-
#29 (Male): Tim Curry Notable roles: Nigel Thornberry (The Wild Thornberries), Hexxus (Fern Gully)
One of the most well-loved comedic actors of all time, Tim Curry is known as the master of the strange and one of the great villainous voice actors (Nigel Thornberry was pretty much his only role where he DIDN'T play a villain). He played Dr. Maelstrom in Where On Earth is Carmen Sandiego, Ben Ravenscroft in Scooby Doo and the Witch's Ghost, Dr. Sevarius in Gargoyles, and tons of other well-received voices. He's known for his skill at chewing scenery, he does overact a bit but it's always for a good reason and always hilarious, making him pretty much the king of being both scary and funny at the same time. Though the movie wasn't well-received, his role as Hexxus in the film Fern Gully was the high point of the film, especially his amazing villain song "Toxic Love".
#29 (Female): Kathryn Beaumont Notable roles: Alice (Alice in Wonderland), Wendy (Peter Pan)
With such a short resume (Alice and Wendy were her only two major voice roles), you might be wondering how Kathryn Beaumont could possibly be ranked so high. Well, though she only played those two roles, she played them with such skill and delicacy that she put together arguably two of the greatest voiceover performance ever. I don't care who you are, you certainly had a crush on one or both Alice and Wendy during your childhood (well, if you were a boy, anyway). Alice, the curious girl with the sweet voice and strong personality, was Kathryn's first Disney role, when she later matured a bit and portrayed Wendy, the matronly, strong-willed big sister from Peter Pan, she put together another amazing performance. Not to mention, she was still a young teenage girl when she voiced both of these characters, and she continues to voice them both today in certain works.
-
#28 (Male): Jeff Bennett Notable roles: Johnny Bravo (Johnny Bravo), Dexter's dad (Dexter's Laboratory)
Jeff Bennett has been around for a while, lending his voice to many of the great cartoons of our childhood, including a lot of the early Cartoon Cartoons such as Johnny Bravo (where he gave Johnny an excellent Elvis voice that perfectly suited his egotistical character) and also as Dexter's dad in Dexter, providing many hilarious moments. Bennett has also performed some serious roles, including HARDAC in Batman: The Animated Series and Jango Fett in a few of the Star Wars games. He performed many of the voices of the Gangreen Gang on Powerpuff Girls (both Ace and Billy, for starters), and he's got hundreds of other notable roles that we've all been hearing for many years. Bennett's career is definitely one of the most prolific in voice acting, and he's made it all laugh in many, many ways.
#28 (Female): Kathleen Barr Notable roles: Guinevere (King Arthur and the Knights of Justice), Morrigan Aensland (Darkstalkers)
Kathleen Barr is a veteran voice actress who is extremely skilled at twisting her voice to meet any sort of archetype, from sexy girls like Morrigan, to heavily-accented boys like Henri (in Liberty's Kids), Kathleen Barr is somewhat underappreciated, but you've probably heard her voice many a time without ever knowing it, her range is one of the best out of all animated voice actresses and it's a shame she doesn't get more work than she already does. She does a variety of voices in the animated Barbie series, obviously not a popular series among a lot of animation buffs, but still an excellent demonstration of her vocal skills. You probably also remember her as Roll in the Mega Man cartoon, another of her outstanding and memorable roles.
-
#27 (Male): Carroll Spinney Notable roles: Big Bird, Oscar the Grouch (Sesame Street)
The most lasting voice of all of our childhoods, Carroll Spinney is famous for voicing two of Sesame Street's most famous characters. His Big Bird voice is comforting and full of wonder, always full of joy and curiosity and instantly recognizable by anyone who grew up watching this great children's show. And then there's Oscar the Grouch, the gruff Muppet who lives in a trash can and is always pissed off about something. With his long-term pitch-perfect creation of these two iconic characters, Carroll Spinney carves out a deserving place on the list of all time greats.
#27 (Female): Nicole Sullivan Notable roles: Shego (Kim Possible), Joan of Arc (Clone High)
She can be both sexy and snarky in a single breath, and is perhaps the funniest female voiceover artist ever. Nicole Sullivan is known for her comedic live-action roles, particularly on the sketch comedy show Mad TV, but it's in animation where she really shines, providing both laughs and lust with her range of character voices. She was so funny as Shego that the character was GREATLY expanded from its original concept, as Nicole Sullivan's biting one-liners had writers in stitches and her voice perfectly matched the character's sexy image. She was also quite good as Joan of Arc on Clone High, making us all sad that the show was canceled so soon. She's also played characters such as Drew Saturday and Mira Nova, more heroic but no less snarky than characters like Shego. I think it's safe to say that we're all glad Nicole Sullivan decided to take her talents to voiceover.
-
#26 (Male): Hank Azaria Notable roles: Moe, Chief Wiggum, Apu, many others (The Simpsons), Bartok (Anastasia)
A brilliantly talented comedic actor, Hank Azaria has shown himself capable of flexing his voice into a huge amount of character roles, mostly shown with his work on the Simpsons, voicing characters as dissimilar as Chief Wiggum and Apu. Like many of the actors on that show, Azaria is tasked with creating voices on the fly, and he does a truly magnificent job, providing a range of temperaments, tones, and accents to perfectly suit the character and mood. His work as Moe is particularly excellent, giving the gruff, down-on-his-luck bartender a mixture of self-deprecation and quiet rage. His friends used to refer to him as freakish due to his ability to replicate voices, his outstanding work on The Simpsons makes him truly one of the best.
#26 (Female): Lori Alan Notable roles: The Boss (Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater), Diane Simmons (Family Guy)
Lori Alan possesses a somewhat distinctive voice and you can usually pick her out in a role, but it's what she does with her voice that gives a true picture of her talent. She can tune it to pretty much any level, taking the crazy/comedic qualities of it up to 11 with a role like Pearl, the whiny, spoiled whale child in Family Guy, she can turn it down a bit for roles such as Diane Simmons, where she plays a sometimes demented, sometimes completely calm news anchor, and for characters like The Boss, she is both menacing and almost motherly, giving the perfect performance and making The Boss one of the most unique and popular female video game characters of all time. With a host of minor roles in various cartoons and games, Lori Alan often pops up everywhere, but she's already established quite a reputation with the host of character's she's played.
-
#25 (Male): Sterling Holloway Notable roles: Winnie the Pooh (Disney), Cheshire Cat (Alice in Wonderland)
An iconic Disney voice actor, Sterling Holloway is most remembered as the voice of Winnie the Pooh, but like many of Disney's early voiceover stars, he in fact performed many roles with his distinctive high-pitched voice, including the creepy Kaa in The Jungle Book and the even creepier Cheshire Cat in Alice in Wonderland. He narrated hundreds of featurettes for Disney and others, making him one of the most talented and prolific narrators of all time, but his ultimate role was of course that of Winnie the Pooh, providing the character's distinctive and instantly recognizable voice. Endearing, curious, and at times cheerful, Sterling Holloway will always be remembered as the first and possible best Winnie the Pooh.
#25 (Female): Eleanor Audley Notable roles: Maleficent (Sleeping Beauty), Lady Tremaine (Cinderella)
Another legendary Disney voice artists, Eleanor Audley provided the voices for two of the most wicked villains in Disney history, the wicked stepmother Lady Tremaine from Cinderella, and of course, the horrifying Maleficent in Sleeping Beauty, perhaps Disney's most iconic villain. Audley's wicked, booming voice etched an instant, nightmarish memory in many children's minds. She ranged from calm and brooding to absolutely terrifying toward the end of the movie, her wicked cackles echoing as she performed yet another evil deed. Though Audley's voice resume is short, her Disney roles were some of the most legendary and well-performed villainesses of all time.
-
#24 (Male): Harry Shearer Notable roles: Principal Skinner, Ned Flanders (The Simpsons)
Along with Hank Azaria, Harry Shearer performs many of the minor character voices on The Simpsons. He gets the slight nod over Azaria due to what I feel are more creative applications of his voices, to really drive home the emotions of his characters and provide some truly hilarious moments. He provides the voices of a lot of the more serious characters on the Simpsons, from the stern Principal Skinner to the sickeningly sweet Ned Flanders, to the diabolically wicked Mr. Burns (and his faithful assistant Smithers). Shearer's hard work to provide perfect, consistent character voices has really enabled him to create memorable and hilarious characters, and like Hank Azaria, he's also done outstanding work whenever he's been required to sing.
#24 (Female): Jeannie Elias Notable roles: Princess Toadstool (The Super Mario Bros. Super Show), Tut (Tutenstein)
Another voice actress you might not have heard of but you've almost certainly heard her voice, Jeannie Elias is a multi-talented actress with a prolific resume stretching back 30 years to some of the most popular and well-loved cartoons of the generation. From Heathcliff, to Chalk Zone, to My Little Pony, Elias' voiceover career is truly one of the most impressive in the business. Her incredible vocal range (look at the difference between the soft-voiced Princess Toadstool and the troublemaker Carl Foutley, for example) gives her the ability to step into almost any role. Her outstanding performance in the overlooked, underrated series Tutenstein as the lead character Tut was hilarious and gave the show much of its charm. She performed a huge array of voices in Everquest 2 as a variety of characters and is still active today, always ready to step up and give an outstanding, professional performance.
-
#23 (Male): Lorenzo Music Notable roles: Garfield (Garfield and Friends), Peter Venkman (The Real Ghostbusters)
Lorenzo Music is probably best remembered as the incomparable voice of Garfield in the animated series based off the world-famous comic strip. Music's sardonic, mischievous voice was a perfect fit for the always hungry, sometimes naughty tubby tabby. Music's droopy voice was also well suited for Peter Venkman (ironically enough, Bill Murray would then go on to voice Garfield in the live-action movie, completing the circle). His distinct voice could also be heard in the Gummi Bears cartoon, and he also played a crash test dummy in a long-running series of public service announcements. Music's tragic death led to a series of later actors, including the great Frank Welker, being brought on to voice the iconic cat, but it was always Lorenzo Music who was the first and best.
#23 (Female): Kari Wahlgren Notable roles: Haruko (FLCL), Robin Sena (Witch Hunter Robin)
The supreme anime voice actress, Kari Wahlgren has more than successfully made the jump from anime dubbing to western cartoons due to her amazingly versatile voice that can and has been stretched to fit a number of characters, heroic and villainous, calm and manic. The contrast between the calm, at times melancholy Robin Sena and the absolutely insane Haruko Harahara alone is worthy of incredible praise, but the range of characters she's voiced has been absolutely all over the place. Charmcaster, Raine Sage, Fuu from Samurai Champloo, Pacifica from Scrapped Princess, Ashe from Final Fantasy XII, Suzy from Phineas and Ferb... it seems like Kari Wahlgren has been in absolutely everything since she burst onto the scene in the early 2000s, and it's really no wonder why. With every day, her resume and likely her position on this chart grows more and more impressive.
-
#22 (Male): John DiMaggio Notable roles: Bender (Futurama), Dr. Drakken (Kim Possible)
Worthy of the list for his hilarious performance as the rude and irreverent Bender alone, John DiMaggio has expanded his resume and has taken on both serious and comedic roles, sending him flying up the list of the best voice actors of all time. As Wakka in Final Fantasy X, he arguably outshined an all-star cast, providing the voice of the serious, somewhat bigoted but still endearing and even tragic character with the comedic faux-Jamaican accent. It was the first time we heard DiMaggio take on a somewhat serious role, but it wouldn't be the last. He had an absolutely terrifying appearance as Zombozo in an episode of Ben 10: Alien Force, a performance that some have described as almost Joker-esque. He appeared as Brother Blood in Teen Titans, another quite wicked role. He even steals the show on Chowder sometimes just by shouting "Radda radda!". It's roles like that that make John DiMaggio an all star, a true talent of the industry and hopefully with many performances to come.
#22 (Female): B. J. Ward Notable roles: Scarlett (GI Joe), Velma (1990s Scooby Doo)
Betty Jean Ward, a one-time Playboy Playmate, made the leap to voice acting in the 80s and performed some of the decade's most iconic characters, including the sexy redheaded soldier Scarlett and a couple of characters on The Snorks. She was a fixture in animation for quite a time. She was a very capable Velma in several Scooby Doo films, putting a more mature spin on the character than Nicole Jaffe (and later Mindy Cohn) did. She was the voice of Iris the computer on The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest, we heard her voice in the background of Questworld simulations and got a very futuristic impression. She continues to occasionally perform to this day, she recently appeared as Halinor in W.I.T.C.H., a retired magical heroine with a somewhat troubled past. Though Ward's career has slowed since the 80s, her performances in that decade and in subsequent years have definitely been impressive and memorable.
-
#21 (Male): Peter Cullen Notable roles: Optimus Prime (Transformers), Eeyore (Winnie the Pooh)
Most people of course know Peter Cullen for owning one of the most badass voices of all time, that incredible Optimus Prime voice that sounds so damn cool shouting "TRANSFORM AND ROLL OUT!". But there's more to Peter Cullen than meets the eye. His resume is incredibly extensive, with hundreds of roles to his name. The man who voices Optimus Prime... also voices EEYORE (and you thought Basch and Bloo were impressive). With skill in narration and trailer voices to rival Don LaFontaine, Cullen's voice can pretty much set you up for anything to be awesome. He was the first person ever to voice Mario (for Saturday Supercade). His voice can be twisted into all kinds of different character archetypes, but it's of course his Optimus Prime voice that makes him a true legend. His voice made a giant robot like Optimus Prime completely humanized, a true hero of all creation, with compassion and bravery and all the other positive attributes one would attribute to a hero. Peter Cullen is clearly a voice acting legend, and few can match his incredible resume and amazing talent.
#21 (Female): Lauren Tom Notable roles: Amy Wong (Futurama), Minh Souphanousinphone (King of the Hill)
With perfect comedic timing and a gift for performing several different distinct types of voices, Lauren Tom can fit into just about any role. For an example of her incredible talents, listen to her on W.I.T.C.H., where she voices Hay Lin's heavily-accented, screechy-voiced grandmother and Will's knockout mom in the same show. The voices are polar opposites, about as distant as two voices can get. Even as Connie and Minh in King of the Hill, you can barely tell it's the same person. She goes from calm, sexy, and sultry to hilarious stereotype and back again in an absolute instant. It's incredible to watch and part of what makes her so damn funny. She played Jinx and Gizmo in Teen Titans, going back and forth from mischievous cute girl to foul-mouthed little kid so quickly. Lauren Tom's versatility and gift for comedy make her one of the very best.
-
#20 (Male): Jim Henson and Frank Oz Notable roles: Kermit the Frog, Ernie (Jim Henson), Yoda, Miss Piggy, Bert (Frank Oz)
The two masters of Muppeteering share this spot at #20 for their inseparable, incomparable performances as some of the greatest children's entertainment characters of all time. Jim Henson, known worldwide as creator of the Muppets, put such passion and caring into his performances that his death in 1990 left a tremendous void as those who worked with him scrambled to find a way to fill his shoes. And they were BIG shoes to fill. Henson's unique Kermit voice, a sort of throaty but still friendly voice that could be both emotional and funny (and sometimes both) is the character's enduring trademark, making Kermit the symbol of the Muppets and joining Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny in the pantheon of great characters. Frank Oz, of course, took over many of Henson's roles upon Henson's death, but also carved out plenty of his own characters, including Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear. Of course, his most memorable role, that of Yoda, is a masterful bit of voice work, a deadly serious character despite the silly, high-pitched voice that Oz used. It's a testament to Oz's acting ability that Yoda is what he is, one of the greatest mentor characters in all of movie history.
#20 (Female): Susan Blu Notable roles: Arcee (Transformers), Sibella (Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School)
Susan Blu's legacy lies both in her role as an actress and teacher, she created the "Susan Blu technique", an improvisatory technique that helps voiceover actors think on the fly and adapt dialogue to holes that writer error may have left. As an actress, she has few peers. She is the longtime voice of Arcee from Transformers, and has provided a number of background voices for dozens of animated series. She shows off her talents quite extensively on a number of 80s-era cartoons, including Jem and My Little Pony, in which she voices numerous characters with a range that few voice actresses can match. Though she mostly does voice directing now, her 80s voice work made her one of the preeminent voice actresses of the day, and her acting talents are sorely missed.
-
#19 (Male): Michael Bell Notable roles: Raziel (Legacy of Kain), Drew Pickles (Rugrats)
A longtime legend of the industry, Michael Bell's work spans over dozens of cartoons and video games, and he has a few iconic roles that REALLY stand out. He was Raziel in the Legacy of Kain series, stepping into a very talented ensemble and carving out one of the series' most enduring roles alongside greats such as Tony Jay and Simon Templeman. His Raziel voice was menacing and tormented, though gentler than the more world-weary Kain, forming a perfect balance and creating an extremely dark but still heroic character. He had a memorable role as the insane villain Ezekiel Rage in The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest, and his turn as the Patriarch in Xenosaga II made him one of the series' most memorable, wicked villains. Bell's voice is extremely well suited for playing villainous characters, he can make himself incredibly scary but can also act perfectly at the height of his emotions, dark and brooding without chewing any scenery (unless he chooses to). His more light-hearted roles are performed expertly as well, his performance as Drew Pickles in Rugrats was a memorable part of the series' charm, playing a hassled dad who has to deal with the devilishly spoiled Angelica.
#19 (Female): EG Daily Notable roles: Tommy Pickles (Rugrats), Buttercup (The Powerpuff Girls)
EG Daily is a girl who's been around the block a number of times, she was a hit pop singer in the 80s and has many of the songs in Scarface (which later became songs in Grand Theft Auto III). Her leap to the world of voice acting was extremely successful, with her performance as the brave Tommy Pickles standing out. Perfectly voicing the bald, adventurous baby, Daily perfectly conveyed the character's wonder and determination, while also showing vulnerability (Tommy WAS still just a baby after all), perfectly expressing the character's sadness and fear during crying scenes. Daily's later role playing Buttercup was equally impressive, showing a fierce, hyper-aggressive character while still adding hidden depths, such as the occasional crush or tantrum. She later went on to play Rudy in ChalkZone, a more mild character that had hints of Tommy but another more excited, hyper identity that Daily continued to play with her trademark strong spirit and charm.
-
#18 (Male): Dee Bradley Baker Notable roles: Daffy Duck (Space Jam), Klaus (American Dad)
From Daffy Duck to Olmec, Dee Bradley Baker has performed a wide array of voices, he's definitely one of the most versatile in the biz, able to make his voice do a huge number of incredible things. Baker's abilities to vote exotic animals pretty much have him voicing every single creature in the Ben 10 Alien Force series (literally DOZENS of them), and his comedic talents are well-suited to hilarious shows like American Dad, where he does a bang-up job playing Klaus, the evil German fish. He's been heard in Kids Next Door as Numbuh 4, The Mighty B as Happy, Phineas and Ferb as Perry the Platypus... he's not the poor man's Frank Welker, he's more like a different variant of the same brilliant vocal archetype. His astonishing range makes him well suited for any type of weird, quirky voice, which is why he's in pretty much everything these days.
#18 (Female): Cree Summer Notable roles: Penny (Inspector Gadget), Foxxy Love (Drawn Together)
For all the flak she gets about being "the only black voice actress", Cree Summer is a voice acting legend and one of the most talented to ever stand behind the mic. She's been voice acting for 30 years, since she was a child, with roles like Penny in Inspector Gadget (the incomparable snoop girl that many of us had childhood crushes on), and children in several of the Care Bears movies, where even then we got to see a glimpse of her emotional range (they were VERY melodramatic movies). As she got older and her voice matured, Cree stepped into adult roles which included the nymphomaniac Foxxy Love, the mysterious summoner Belgemine (and Lenne) in the Final Fantasy X series, Princess Kida in Atlantis... Cree can make her voice stretch from husky and grating to a thing of absolute beauty, and can do both comedy and drama with pitch-perfect style. THAT'S the reason she's in everything, not because she's the only black voice actress out there (which she isn't).
-
#17 (Male): Wayne Allwine Notable roles: Mickey Mouse (Disney)
The greatest voice of Mickey Mouse to ever live, Wayne Allwine performed the character's voice for more than 30 years, until his sudden and tragic death. What Allwine did for the character cannot be understated. He took Mickey Mouse and made him a jack-of-all-trades, someone who could be ridiculously cute and super-badass at the same time (much in the same way that Frank Oz did for Yoda). Allwine's voice for Mickey took on a variety of moods and tones to fit the situation, he likely did his best work in the Kingdom Hearts series, portraying King Mickey in several games and giving Disney's signature character new life in a way that characters such as Bugs Bunny likely never achieved. That Mickey could be hyper-friendly and also a true Disney hero was inconceivable before Allwine came along and made us all believe. It's likely there won't ever be another person to voice Mickey Mouse that is nearly as good.
#17 (Female): Candi Milo Notable roles: Madame Foster (Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends), Irma Lair (W.I.T.C.H.)
A devilishly talented and highly funny actress, Candi Milo has been voice acting for an extremely long time, performing countless roles with her incredibly flexible and skilled voice. Able to change tones on the fly, her comic timing enables her to fire off witty one-liners in every show she's in, most notably as the snarky, somewhat boy-crazy Irma in W.I.T.C.H., or as the wacky, zany manipulator Snap in ChalkZone. Her performances in Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends are a delight, both as the elderly, slightly crazy Madame Foster and as crazy characters such as Coco or Cheese. Even her more down-to-earth roles such as Maya in Maya and Miguel are done with a level of heart that few voice actresses can match.
-
#16 (Male): Tony Jay Notable roles: Judge Claude Frollo (The Hunchback of Notre Dame), Megabyte (Reboot)
One of the most distinctive voices in animation, Tony Jay was a master at voicing broodingly evil characters. His unsettling voice could be applied to a number of different villains, from the silently scheming Frollo to the scenery-chewing Megabyte, Tony Jay was one of a kind. His work in the Legacy of Kain series, alongside other incredible vocal legends, enhanced the games' cult classic status even further. He voiced many characters for animation, not all of them as deadly serious as his villains. Look at his hilarious performance as Dr. Lipschitz for example, a child psychologist reduced to tears by what Tommy put him through. Tony Jay's incredible impact on voice acting goes without saying, needless to say we've all been missing him.
#16 (Female): Jean Vander Pyl Notable roles: Wilma (The Flintstones), Rosie (The Jetsons)
The first lady of Hanna-Barbara cartoons, Vander Pyl's animation resume spans 40 years, in which she voiced some of the most memorable cartoon characters ever made. Her role as Wilma, the long-suffering but still loving housewife of the oafish Fred Flintstone, established her as one of the greatest TV moms of all time. She also voiced Baby Pebbles, showing off a bit of her range. She would later provide the voice of Rosie, the Jetsons' sarcastic live-in robot maid, again showing her comedic talents and giving her two of the greatest Hanna-Barbara characters ever. Aside from those two roles, she did many voices on shows like Quick Draw McGraw, Scooby Doo, and Huckleberry Hound, mostly playing demure Southern-type maids, a bit of a far cry from the characters she played on The Flintstones or the Jetsons. Still, Vander Pyl's wide range and incredible comedic gifts land her high on this list.
-
#15 (Male): Don LaFontaine Notable roles: The movie trailer voice guy
In a world, where Don LaFontaine does almost every movie trailer narration... any movie seems awesome. Yes, #15 is the voice of God, Don LaFontaine. His badass, all-encompassing voice appeared before thousands of movie trailers, hitting the pitch-perfect tone for every narration and giving us the gift of his amazing, resounding bass booming throughout theaters. LaFontaine worked for more than 40 years, perfecting his craft and perfecting the art of the movie trailer, even coming up with most of his own classic phrases (that "in a world" thing? that was him). In his later years, as his status as a living legend emerged, LaFontaine began to parodize himself, keeping the same serious tone in all his trailers while poking fun at himself with incredible good humor. His death left a voice that several narrators are currently struggling to fill, but none have approached LaFontaine in talent and longevity.
#15 (Female): Katie Leigh Notable roles: Connie Kendall (Adventures in Odyssey), Alex (Totally Spies)
Katie Leigh's magnificent range has landed her a large number of voice roles over the past 20 years, portraying characters of all temperaments and from all walks of life. Her natural, sweet girlish voice has been used to great effect to voice characters like Alex (from Totally Spies) and Millie (from Star Ocean: First Departure), but she could also twist it into a very nerdy tone to play Honker (Darkwing Duck), or down to a very low boyish growl to play Rowlf (Muppet Babies), a voice she could also sing in. Katie Leigh ranks above greats like Cree Summer and Candi Milo for this amazing vocal flexibility, in addition to the emotional accuracy with which she conveys her roles. In a show like Totally Spies, she could be humorously fearful, righteously angry, or whatever her character's antics called upon for that scene, but in her radio play career (in which she voices Connie Kendall of Adventures in Odyssey), she takes this to incredible heights, displaying Connie's bright chipper nature as well as her emotional vulnerability, shining out among a talented voice cast of various voiceover stars. Even with only the aid of a few selected clips (not a fan of the actual show), Katie's talents shine tremendously through. It's these qualities that put Katie Leigh on a very high, hard-to-reach pedestal of voiceover greats.
-
#14 (Male): Joe Alaskey Notable roles: Plucky Duck (Tiny Toon Adventures), Sylvester the Cat (2000s Looney Tunes)
One of the successors to Mel Blanc for voicing Looney Tunes characters, Joe Alaskey is one of the elites, able to voice nearly all of the main Looney Tunes characters, including Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Sylvester, and Tweety. Alaskey also voiced Plucky Duck, one of the funniest characters in the original Tiny Toons. In addition to Looney Tunes characters, Alaskey took over as the voice of Grandpa Pickles in Rugrats (after the death of David Doyle), and has voiced various Spiderman characters, including Dr. Octopus, in several video games based off the comic. Alaskey's skill in replicating and mimicking Looney Tunes voices is nearly unmatched, and his comedic chops in those roles are on par with the great legend who originated them.
#14 (Female): April Winchell Notable roles: Peg Pete (Goof Troop), Muriel Finster (Recess)
Carrying on the voice acting legacy of her father Paul, April Winchell has voiced dozens of animated characters for Disney and others, showing amazing range and a gift for bringing all different types of characters to life, most of them very humorous. April Winchell's flexible voice has been heard in characters ranging from the sexy Peg Pete to the outlandish and outspoken Clarabelle Cow to the gruff and strict Miss Finster, she's one of those actresses who has done a little bit of everything and really is a modern-day Disney legend. She's not only skilled at originating voices, her skill in vocal matching extends to characters such as Tarzan's Terk and the iconic Cruella de Vil. She quite possibly surpasses her father in acting ability, she clearly learned from one of the best and has added tons of new tricks to her repertoire.
-
#13 (Male): Jim Cummings Notable roles: Winnie the Pooh, Tigger (new Winnie the Pooh toons), Fuzzy Lumpkins (The Powerpuff Girls)
One of the great Disney voice-matchers, Jim Cummings currently performs the voices of characters such as Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, Pete, and many, many, MANY others. With his vocal flexibility, he can step into nearly any role, such as when he stepped into Jeremy Irons' Scar voice after Irons' strained his vocal cords on "Be Prepared", or when he took over for Christopher Lloyd singing "In The Dark of the Night" in Anastasia. Cummings' Disney voices are but one facet of an incredibly extensive career in voice acting, he's done voices like Fusilli for Courage the Cowardly Dog, Cat in Catdog, MODOK in Iron Man, Fuzzy Lumpkins in The Powerpuff Girls, Master of Games in Teen Titans, and so, so many others. With the ability to play comically hilarious, deadly serious, or even adorably melancholy (for roles like Winnie the Pooh), Jim Cummings has the essential ability for any great voice actor: The ability to do anything.
#13 (Female): Jennifer Hale Notable roles: Female Shepard (Mass Effect), Sheena Fujibiyashi (Tales of Symphonia)
She was destined to be a voice actress from the moment she was born, with her deep, sultry, perfectly-toned voice (she once joked that when she was 12, she could order pizza for her friends no problem). For nearly 20 years, Jennifer Hale's calming, sultry voice has been behind some of the sexiest characters in all of animation and video games... Shepard and Sheena of course, but there's also Naomi Hunter, Jessie Bannon, Sam from Totally Spies, Thorn from Scooby-Doo, Felicia Hardy/Black Cat in the 90s Spiderman series... the list of characters given life by Hale's sexy pipes stretches miles long. She's not just known for sexy, though, she has a delightfully grating voice that she's used for characters like Princess Morebucks (The Powerpuff Girls) and Mandy (Totally Spies). She can of course do boys, though she isn't asked to voice them very often. She's one of the hardest working voice-actresses out there, saying that one time when she fell off a horse, she took efforts to remember the pained sounds she made when she fell. A tireless worker with an incomparable talent, Jennifer Hale is one of the best there ever was.
-
#12 (Male): Rob Paulsen Notable roles: Yakko Warner (Animaniacs), Raphael (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)
Perhaps one of the funniest men on the planet, Rob Paulsen has become a legend for his pitch-perfect comic timing and vocal flexibility. How can the same guy be behind the frantic gesticulations of Yakko Warner AND the cool, calm Mr. Opportunity? He's voiced characters like Major Glory and his work on Danny Phantom is the shining, hilarious peak of the show (Jack Fenton's ghost-obsession, and then of course there's THE BOX GHOST). He can pretty much steal every scene he's in with a single line, whether it's a funny, dirty joke (Animaniacs had a ton of these), to a series of wacky screams, or whatever the scene calls for, Rob Paulsen can always be counted on to bring it all home in a way that few live-action actors have the chops for. His work on Animaniacs is probably his best, in addition to Yakko Warner, there's the amazing work he did on Pinky, providing the character with a silly accent, a serious of hilarious sounds (POIT! NARF!), and the comedic chops to go from 0 to hilarious in a moment's notice. Just listen to anything Rob Paulsen appears in, you'll be splitting your sides.
#12 (Female): Russi Taylor Notable roles: Minnie Mouse (Disney), Gonzo (Muppet Babies)
The voice of Minnie Mouse, adding a personality to the role that no voice actor or actress before her could match, Taylor's Minnie voice is adorable and sweet, the perfect mate for Mickey, and it was no secret that Russi was married to Wayne Allwine, Mickey's voice, for many many years until his tragic death. Taylor is obviously most well-known for Minnie, but she is also one of the multi-talented actresses who brings her skills to the Simpsons, bringing the twins Sherri and Terri and most notably the nerdy Martin Prince to life, Taylor flexes her comedic muscles and gives Martin's dorkiness a hilarious charm, whether it be through a simple line to demonstrate just how much of a nerd Martin is, to an elaborate pop-culture reference to show off the nerdiness of the writers, Taylor's work as Martin is a gem. She voices the Fairy Godmother in the Cinderella sequels, and was Gonzo in the Muppet Babies, voicing the somewhat nerdy, sometimes sweet, always crazy weirdo who stole many a moment in that great show. Russi Taylor's ability to combine sweetness with amazing comedic skills makes her truly one of a kind in the animation world.
-
#11 (Male): Mark Hamill Notable roles: The Joker (Batman: The Animated Series), Ozai (Avatar: The Last Airbender)
Who had ANY idea that the man who played Luke Skywalker, the most heroic character in one of the most epic heroic movies of all time, would be so damn good at playing absolutely evil bastards? Mark Hamill, perhaps the most unlikely of voiceover legends, began his animation career playing The Joker, landing the role after somebody (forget who) balked at using Tim Curry. Hamill's portrayal of the Joker made him an instant legend, just the way he used laughter to convey Joker's moods made his portrayal absolutely perfect. With a reputation established by this role, Hamill was cast as a number of wicked villains, most notably Ozai in Avatar: The Last Airbender, where he brought a calmer, but no less evil approach to the tyrannical Firelord. Hamill isn't limited to villains, he took a bit of a nerdy turn by playing the voice of Larry the robot in Time Squad, but it's Hamill's villainous roles that got him onto the list, the fact that he's so damn good at being so damn bad.
#11 (Female): Christine Cavanaugh Notable roles: Babe (Babe), Chuckie Finster (Rugrats)
Her voiceover career may have been relatively short compared to others on this list, but a series of absolutely brilliant performances gets her up onto this list. She voiced Gossalyn Mallard in Darkwing Duck, starting off a career where she voiced a series of nerdy characters with her rather nasally, high-pitched voice. Her performance as Chuckie in the Rugrats was sweet and endearing, a baby who was always a bit of a coward but when he stood up for himself, the strength of Cavanaugh's performances made those moments outstanding (look up the episode where Tommy spends the night at his house to see what I mean, or the episode about Chuckie's pet bug). Chuckie alone would get Cavanaugh on this list, but she had better performances in her bag of tricks. There was Dexter in Dexter's lab, Cavanaugh's perfect, unable-to-pin down accent giving Dexter a voice that was oft-imitated by fans of the show (when you are said to have done the role better than Candi Milo, that says something). But it is Cavanaugh's work as Babe in the Oscar-nominated film that is the pinnacle of her career and one of the greatest performances in voiceover history. Her inspirational performance as the pig who struggles to find a family and a place in life stands out among a star-studded voice cast, and you absolutely feel for Babe during those gut-wrenching moments when he is sad or when his life is in danger. Though Cavanaugh retired in 2001, her legacy is that of an incredible voiceover actress with skills nearly unmatched, and a series of characters who will go down forever in our hearts.
-
#10 (Male): Thurl Ravenscroft Notable roles: Tony the Tiger (commercials), Paul Bunyan (Disney)
With one of the deepest voices ever heard in professional voice acting, Thurl Ravenscroft was perfectly suited for the craft, and could be heard for many years popping up in commercials, cartoons, and specials. His work for Disney was prolific, with a wide variety of different characters and roles, including roles in Mary Poppins, The Jungle Book, Peter Pan, Dumbo, The Sword and the Stone, and others. He can be heard as the massive Paul Bunyan in the Disney short of the same name, and is pretty much the perfect actor to play the legendary giant. His most lasting role, however, is that of Tony the Tiger, perhaps the greatest product mascot in history. Thurl's voice is huge and deep, but not intimidating, providing a perfect balance between friendly and inspiring. It's Tony the Tiger's voice that got you psyched up to eat Frosted Flakes and go out and play. He voiced Tony for many, many years, establishing the character's place in the pantheon of mascot history and providing a model for all others to follow. Tony the Tiger just hasn't been the same since Thurl died. Even his 65 year career seemed too short, and his uniquely booming voice will never be forgotten.
#10 (Female): Kath Soucie Notable roles: Linka (Captain Planet), Phil and Lil (Rugrats)
A delightfully versatile voice actress and one of the most accomplished of the last 30 years, Kath Soucie has been performing voices in all shapes, sizes, genres, moods, and roles. On one end, she can play a heroic, meek character like Aerie from Baldur's Gate II (one of her best roles, BTW). On the other end, she can play the wicked, brooding, darkly evil enchantress Nerissa in W.I.T.C.H. (another of her best). Her ability to perform accents has landed her many a role, she plays British (Agent Honeydew in Dexter), French (Fifi LeFume in Tiny Toons), and Russian (Linka in Captain Planet), rarely sounding overly stereotypical or out of place. Her vocal flexibility is the stuff of legend, and her acting skill is highly underappreciated (she's absolutely hilarious as Cubert in Futurama, and as Phil and Lil, her at times non-sequitor childish grossness made for some hilarious one liners). It's hard to find a voice actress who possesses as much of the consummate skills required as Kath Soucie.
-
#9 (Male): Dan Castellanetta Notable roles: Homer Simpson (The Simpsons), Grandpa Phil (Hey Arnold)
Dan Castellanetta is a highly talented comedic actor responsible for many of the male voices on the Simpsons, including that of the series' most notable character... Homer Simpson. Originally deciding upon a Walter Matthau-style gruff voice for the character, his performance has softened and over time has grown into the lovable (but still rage-prone) idiot we all love today. Castellanetta has shown considerable skill with ad-libbing in the role, he originated Homer's famous "D'oh!" (delivered in a variety of hilarious ways), and his "SMRT" scene ranks among the series' funniest. Showing his range, comparable to that of Harry Shearer and Hank Azaria, Castellanetta also provides the voices of characters like Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, and Abe Simpson, who have their own share of hilarious one liners and quirks. Castellanetta's hilarious vocal gifts aren't limited to The Simpsons, he took over for Robin Williams as The Genie for a time and played the hilarious Robot Devil in Futurama, even doing an outstanding musical number (his comedic singing is another aspect of his talent). He performed as Earthworm Jim in the animated series of the same name, and his role as Arnold's grandpa in Hey Arnold was outstanding as well, using a totally different elderly voice than the one he used for Grandpa Simpson. Castellanetta's vocal range and comedic gifts make him an easy choice for the top ten.
#9 (Female): Nancy Cartwright Notable roles: Bart Simpson (The Simpsons), Mindy (Animaniacs)
Nancy Cartwright was the only person of the original Simpsons cast who was a voiceover professional before joining the cast. Her skill had already been demonstrated in such shows as Richie Rich (She played Richie's girlfriend Gloria) and My Little Pony, but it was in The Simpsons that she truly shined, giving the absolutely perfect voice for a mischievous little boy and creating one of the iconic cartoon characters of all time. Bart Simpson was badass at the same time as he was adorable, breaking new ground by being a cartoon kid that disrespected authority with well-timed lines such as "I'm Bart Simpson, who the hell are you?" and of course "EAT MY SHORTS!" that made him a comic gem, Nancy Cartwright's gifts enabled Bart to be the perfect little hellraiser. She'd originally tried out for Lisa, but it was Bart she gravitated to, almost as if it was the role she was born to play. Her roles in other cartoons are extensive and numerous, simply providing more evidence why she's one of the all-time greats. She was a worthy successor to Christine Cavanaugh as Chuckie in the Rugrats series and spinoffs, and her role as Mindy in Animaniacs is both precocious and hilarious. She even gives a stellar performance as the naked mole rat Rufus in Kim Possible, her barely discernible emoting and chirps providing key comic relief for the great Disney series. A woman of incredible talent, Nancy Cartwright is a brilliant comedienne and an amazing voice actress, who deserves every cent she makes for playing Bart.
-
#8 (Male): Maurice LaMarche Notable roles: The Brain (Pinky and the Brain), Kif Kroker (Futurama)
His career as a stand-up comedian was derailed by a series of horrific personal tragedies, but he found another entertainment life as a voiceover actor, and for the past 25 years he's been one of the best. Known for his near pitch-perfect imitation of Orson Welles, LaMarche has been used in a number of parody and homage roles associated with the screen legend, portraying Welles himself in some comedic scenes. He uses the voice most notably for his portrayal of The Brain, the super-genius mouse seeking to take over the world. LaMarche gives The Brain a diabolical quality that isn't without a bit of heart, his friendship with Pinky is endearing and genuine and you really do feel for Brain throughout his various failures. His portrayal of the pathetic Kif Kroker on Futurama is another highly funny role for LaMarche, a much weaker-willed character than he's used to playing, but still performed absolutely perfectly. His versatility is a sight to behold, he played many, many, MANY different characters on The Critic (not the Critic himself, but in one episode pretty much everything else), and got gruff as Helga's dad in Hey Arnold. One of the voiceover business' most recognizable voices, LaMarche has had a spectacular career.
#8 (Female): Jodi Benson Notable roles: Ariel (The Little Mermaid), Barbie (Toy Story series)
Gifted with one of the most magnificently divine voices in the world, Jodi Benson is a Broadway actress whose true genius lies in her incredible voicework. Her performance as Ariel is well known, one of the greatest vocal performances in all of Disney history, Benson's voice for the mermaid ranges from euphoric to despairing to determined to enraged, all over the course of her performances as the character over the course of three movies and an animated series. Benson performs Ariel with a youthful exuberance that defies her age, the same passion and wonder over the role for 20 years running now. Her double-turn as the wicked Vanessa in the original film is a thing of beauty, one wonders why Jodi Benson never played a villainous because she is damn good at it. Her performance as Barbie is much more comical but just as well done, she particularly shines in Toy Story 3 as an emotionally vulnerable girl of action, another exhibition of her amazing acting chops. Other memorable voiceover performances include Weebo in Flubber, Asenath in Joseph: King of Dreams, and the adorable Patsy Smiles in Camp Lazlo, showing off Jodi's versatility and her highly impressive resume.
-
#7 (Male): Billy West Notable roles: Phillip J. Fry (Futurama), Doug (Doug)
Gifted with range beyond comparison and an incredible comedic talent, the number of hugely popular shows that Billy West has done not one voice on, but SEVERAL, is staggering. He started his career on a couple of early Nicktoons, originating the roles of Doug on Doug and Stimpy on Ren and Stimpy and showing but a glimpse of his amazing talent. By 1998 he was known as the "new Mel Blanc", and for good reason (he'd performed as Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd in Space Jam). It was, however, AFTER 1998 that his career took off and he began one of the most impressive and well-known facets of his career... he was performing FOUR of the main characters on Futurama. Phillip J. Fry, the Professor, Zoidberg, and Zapp Branigan, West did them all. The amount of range and talent required to carry a show as funny as Futurama is massive, the show most likely would've failed without someone like West, who has given us moments both hilarious and heartfelt from all four characters. His Futurama roles seem to cast the other parts of his career by the wayside, which is a shame, as he's only done such iconic voice matches as Bugs Bunny, Shaggy, Ren Hoek (taking over for John Kricfalusi after he left the show), Woody Woodpecker, Popeye, Felix the Cat... the range of talent that West has exhibited over his career in both voice matching and voice originating has made him an instant legend.
#7 (Female): Grey Delisle Notable roles: Vicky (The Fairly OddParents), Azula (Avatar: The Last Airbender)
With the ability to twist her uniquely soothing, somewhat nasally voice (yes, her voice is both soothing and nasally, it's a unique instrument in and of itself) into dozens of shapes and roles, Grey Delisle shows up in just about every cartoon these days. You might hear that she's typecast in the evil teenager role (being Vicky and Azula will do that for you), but it's impossible to typecast Grey Delisle. Her work as Azula is probably the pinnacle of her career, creating simultaneously an incredibly wicked evil villainous character and one with amazingly hidden depths, her portrayal of Azula, particularly in the final episodes of the series, was good enough to create a controversy among Avatar fans that might never go away. Grey's work on Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends is also quite good, not only does she voice the calm, average girl Frankie, but the wacky Goo and the stuck-up Duchess, among others. She voices Mandy on The Real Adventures of Billy and Mandy, a calm but always angry, darkly cute and disturbing role that is uniquely Grey. She is also the current voice of Daphne Blake and is by far the best to ever perform the role, giving her a multi-dimensionality that Heather North could only dream of and Mary Kay Bergman barely scratched the surface of, taking the damsel-in-distress into the 21st century and making her a character that little girls can aspire to be. When you take a character like DANGER PRONE DAPHNE and make her into a well-rounded, truly popular character, you know you're doing something right.
-
#6 (Male): Charlie Adler Notable roles: Buster Bunny (Tiny Toon Adventures), Red Guy (Cow and Chicken)
There was once a time about 15 years ago when you couldn't get away from Charlie Adler. His voice was in everything, from Tiny Toon Adventures to Rocko's Modern Life to Aaah! Real Monsters to Cow and Chicken, Charlie Adler was the man of a million voices. He could do crazy and zany (I.R. Baboon), he could do friendly (Buster Bunny), he could do sarcastic and dark (Mr. Bighead) and at the same time convincingly portray a typical housewife with very hidden depths (Mrs. Bighead, one of his most underappreciated roles). Cow and Chicken, where he voiced four of the five main characters, featured some of his best work, his performances alongside Michael Dorn in the I.M. Weasel shorts were of particular comedic quality. His roles nowadays are a bit sparse, but no less impressive, he's taken over a lot of the roles that Chris Latta left behind (Starscream, Cobra Commander), taking them to newer, bigger, darker heights. He played Mr. Whiskers in Brandy and Mr. Whiskers, and played many characters in The Super Hero Super Squad show, including Dr. Doom. With one of the most impressive resumes of the last 30 years, Charlie Adler is an incomparably prolific voice actor.
#6 (Female): Tress MacNeille Notable roles: Dot (Animaniacs), Agnes Skinner (The Simpsons)
Another of those voiceover artists who shows up in just about everything (she voiced Babs Bunny in Tiny Toons alongside the aforementioned Charlie Adler, for example). She's appeared in both Futurama and The Simpsons (where her wicked Mom voice in Futurama makes her that series' equivalent of Mr. Burns, and in The Simpsons she voices a HUGE number of characters, including a wickedly nasty performance as Principal Skinner's overbearing mom). With a variety of voices to her credit, including her typical gruff old lady voice, her gruff middle-aged lady voice, her meek old lady voice (she blends her two old lady voices perfectly to portray Arnold's eccentric grandmother in Hey Arnold). She's voice-matched for a huge number of classic characters, including Daisy Duck, Betty Boop, and Cinderella's sister Anastasia. She voices Chip and Gadget on Chip and Dale's Rescue Rangers... and then, there's her work as Dot. Forming the perfect ensemble trio alongside the masters Rob Paulsen and Jess Harnell, Tress' Dot voice is the perfect cute-yet-sassy voice that has provided material for dozens of episodes worth of hilarious gags. An extension of her similar Babs Bunny voice for Tiny Toons. with Dot, Tress ramps up the comedic craziness to amazing heights, giving us the first true female Warner Brothers cartoon legend (Lola Bunny, eat your heart out). Tress' resume has hundreds of impressive roles, but it's her work as Dot that stands tall above an amazing voiceover career.
-
#5 (Male): Tom Kenny Notable roles: Spongebob Squarepants (Spongebob Squarepants), Rin (Final Fantasy X)
A comedy genius and another of the funniest voice actors of all time, Tom Kenny is probably best well-known for playing Spongebob Squarepants for the last eleven years. His role as the kindly, wacky, manic Spongebob has won him legions of fans and has etched him into Nickelodeon legend. He's no stranger to Nicktoons, having voiced Heffer in Rocko's Modern Life and Dog in Catdog (and also Cliff on the same series) but it's Spongebob that's become one of animation's iconic characters due to Kenny's versatile acting chops. Kenny is also no stranger to wacky villains, such as Mumbo in Teen Titans and the Ice King in Adventure Time (though there's more to the Ice King than meets the eye, another tribute to Kenny's variety of skills). He's also played in more serious roles, such as Rin in Final Fantasy X (with a few funny moments mixed in, such as "I am confident of your victory", remember that?) Kenny's work in Mission Hill is a memorable adult-oriented role from him, playing Wally, one half of the series' sensitively-portrayed gay couple. Tom Kenny's had plenty of other roles in his career, but a cross-section of his resume gives the appropriate message, he is perhaps the best voiceover actor of the past decade.
#5 (Female): Mary Kay Bergman Notable roles: Sheila Broflovski (South Park), Snow White (Disney)
One of the greatest voice actresses of all time and at the same time the industry's biggest tragedy. She was a voice actress for only about a decade, but what an amazing decade it was, with roles ranging from as wide as Disney (Snow White), to South Park (playing pretty much every female character). She was Daphne from Scooby Doo, she was Dr. Blight from Captain Planet, she originated the voice of Timmy Turner on Fairly Oddparents, she had hundreds of commercials to her credit... at the time of her tragic suicide in 1999, she was the best voice actress in the world. The tragedy and her significance of her death cannot be overstated. She was training Tara Strong and Grey Delisle at the time, they inherited most of her legacy roles, it would be as if both of them died in a car accident today. Had she not committed suicide, she might well be #1 on this list. Her amazing gift in voice matching and creating all varieties of female voices went nearly unmatched after her death, there are very few actresses with her gifts (Dr. Blight, Mrs. Broflovski, Snow White, Daphne, Timmy Turner, Batgirl... who else has that range?!).
-
#4 (Male): Don Messick Notable roles: Scooby Doo (Scooby Doo), Boo Boo Bear (Yogi Bear)
An absolute legend of voiceover acting, Don Messick performed in hundreds of cartoons for Hanna-Barbera and others over a 50 year career. With iconic voices such as Scooby Doo, Droopy Dog (not the originator of that voice, but the most well-known), Papa Smurf, Booboo Bear, Ranger Smith, and others to his name, Don Messick was one of the great old voiceover actors from the days when one man had to do pretty much every role in a show, versatility was of paramount importance and Messick was the king. His voice for Scooby Doo was unique and unmatched, creating the unique bellowing sounds and "r" inflections that would become the character's defining trait. He continued this trend voicing Astro in the Jetsons, using similar infections but lightening up his tone. He would also voice characters such as Benton Quest in The Jetsons, and Hampton in Tiny Toons, one of his last great roles. A consummate professional, Messick did voice acting for half a century, and was recording in the studio the day of the stroke that would lead to his death a year later. Messick is known as a legend today for a reason, he originated so many of the voices that children to this day remember and love.
#4 (Female): Janet Waldo Notable roles: Judy Jetson (The Jetsons), Penelope Pitstop (The Perils Of Penelope Pitstop)
What Don Messick was to Hanna-Barbera for male characters, Janet Waldo arguably was for females, a Jill-of-all-trades gifted with a tremendously adorable voice that she can somehow still do today at more than 90 years old (the fact that Tiffany voiced Judy in the 80s Jetsons movie was a crime against humanity). She voiced Judy Jetson and the legendary Penelope Pitstop, the always-in-distress heroine with the adorable Southern belle accent. She also voiced Josie in Josie and the Pussycats, another of the iconic sex symbol animated characters. She wasn't limited to using her adorably sweet natural voice (as flexible as it was), she also voiced characters such as Granny Sweet in Atom Ant and Morticia in the 70s Addams Family cartoon. With minor roles in dozens of other Hanna-Barbara shows and others, the legendary, pioneering work of Janet Waldo has left a lasting legacy that will continue long past the day when she finally dies (though as youthful as she still is, that day may still be long in coming).
-
#3 (Male): Daws Butler Notable voices: Yogi Bear (Yogi Bear), Huckleberry Hound (Huckleberry Hound)
The other big Hanna-Barbera voiceover legend, Daws Butler voiced many of the iconic characters of classic animation, including Yogi Bear, Huckleberry Hound, Snagglepuss, Quick Draw McGraw, Elroy Jetson, Cap'n Crunch, Wally Gator, Augie Doggie, and so many others. He trained several other great voice artists (including top-tenner Nancy Cartwright and Corey Burton). His versatility was to the point that several cartoons saw him as the only featured actor (a similar role to that of Mel Blanc and Don Messick on other shows). Butler's legacy as a great radio voice actor mimics that of his cartoon career, with hundreds of characters voiced. Simply put, he was an absolute master, with a role in virtually every single Hanna-Barbera cartoon for 40 years. Butler's abilities to match voices were well noted, he based several of his mascot voices off of celebrities of the time and took over some of Mel Blanc's roles following Blanc's car accident. Butler's death along with Blanc's in the late 1980s represented the end of an area, the end of a time when just a few voice artists essentially ruled the animation world with their amazing display of voices. Though their legacy is still felt today in the actors and actresses they taught, Daws Butler's death still left an enormous void, and left all of us missing that era of the old legends. One wonders just how prolific Butler would've been today in the age of action cartoons and adult-oriented comedies.
#3 (Female): Mae Questel Notable voices: Betty Boop (Betty Boop), Olive Oyl (Popeye)
The first ever female voice over star, Mae Questel was the Depression-era equivalent of Tara Strong and her voiceover resume extends far beyond the two roles she's typically known for. She became famous for voicematching celebrities over the radio, doing what people like Trey Parker, Matt Stone, and others do today (though unlike them, Questel actually sounded just like the actresses she spoofed). She could also perform an array of animal noises and sound effects, a much-needed ability during the time of radio plays. Questel's legendary performance as Betty Boop, the original animated sex symbol, made her a superstar, her light but coquettish voice is the stuff of legend and though Boop might be somewhat ridiculed today, her impact on the history of animation was enormous. Questel not only performed as Betty Boop and Olive Oyl, she also did Felix the Cat, Minnie Mouse, Little Lulu, and Casper the Friendly Ghost, among others. Whenever you went to the theater to see a film, you heard her voice in some short or another, cementing her as part of the American experience and establishing her as a true industry pioneer.
-
#2 (Male): Frank Welker Notable roles: Megatron (Transformers), Freddy (Scooby Doo)
The master of vocal manipulation, Frank Welker is an unbelievably prolific voice actor with hundreds of roles in hundreds of cartoons over a 40+ year career. Known for voicing straight-laced characters like Freddy, but also as raspy-voiced villains such as Dr. Claw, Welker's vocal range is well-known throughout the voiceover community. He's done numerous voice matches and is the current voice of Scooby-Doo and Garfield, among others. He is one of the most versatile voice actors in the Transformers animated series, responsible for not only Megatron, but Soundwarp, Mixmaster, Rumble, Frenzy, and Ravage, among others. His most enduring legacy, however, is his skill at producing sound effects and animal sounds with only his voice. His most memorable role utilizing this skill is as Apu in Aladdin, but he's had hundreds of other movie roles where he's portrayed various animals or made various sounds. Perhaps the biggest compliment he's received for this skill comes from Kath Soucie, who recalls that she and the other cast and crew of Captain Planet were brought to tears by Welker's ability to bring to life the horrific, heart-breaking sounds of a puppy mill. When you can bring people to tears without a single word, well... that's talent right there. Frank Welker's mark on animation and cinema is unlikely to be duplicated any time in the near future.
#2 (Female): Tara Strong Notable roles: Raven (Teen Titans), Rikku (Final Fantasy X)
With more vocal range than any other voice actress of today, Tara Strong is not only one of the today's best voice actresses, she's one of the best voice actresses of all time... period. Starting her career as a Canadian child actress named Tara Charendoff, Strong had a few roles in various animated shows including Beetlejuice (as Claire Brewster) and Hello Kitty (as the titular character). Once Strong moved to Los Angeles, however, she found her true voice, and hasn't looked back. With some help from Mary Kay Bergman, Strong perfected her craft, and evidence of her amazing skills is visible simply in the list of character voices she's done: Batgirl, Bubbles, Dil Pickles, Ingrid Third, Rikku, Raven, Timmy Turner, Terrance (Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends), Ben Tennyson, Elisa and Ursula (Portable Ops), Paz (Peace Walker), Truffles, Sari Sumdac, Princess Clara, Toot Braunstein, Melody (Ariel's daughter in The Little Mermaid II).... she's brilliant at performing accents (characters such as Lena in Scooby Doo on Zombie Island and her Metal Gear Solid roles show this perfectly), and few actresses can convey emotion as well (Rikku's horrified reactions to the Thunder Plains in contrast with her chipper battle exultations, or Raven's fright and fear in Teen Titans in contrast to her normal state of complete emotional calm). The consummate voice acting professional and someone who's absolutely reached the heights of talent, Tara Strong is at the head of the industry for a reason. She is one of the very best at what she does and some of the characters she's performed voices for, it's absolutely astonishing to find out that it's her. Very few before or since can boast a resume like hers.
-
#1 (Male): Mel Blanc Notable roles: Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Sylvester the Cat, Yosemite Sam, Tweety Bird, etc. (Looney Tunes), Barney Rubble (The Flintstones)
Could there really be another #1 than the original "Man With 1,000 Voices"? Truly, Mel Blanc isn't just A voiceover legend, he's THE voiceover legend. The man behind the voices of the Looney Tunes, Blanc was the first actor to become truly famous for voiceover acting. It's a commonly estimated statistic that by the time he died, 20 million people were hearing his voice every single day. That number can't be far off from the real one, as Blanc's voice has been heard in so many legendary cartoons: Looney Tunes, The Flinstones, The Jetsons, Speed Buggy, Woody Woodpecker... Blanc is a legend who has inspired so many of the greats through his work, including many of the people on this list. A comedian by trade, his gift for line delivery is what made the original Looney Tunes cartoons so funny with both kids and adults alike. During his radio career, his co-stars, including comedy legend in his own right Jack Benny, struggled not to laugh when Blanc was recording. Like Frank Welker after him, Blanc could perform a myriad of vocal effects and animal noises. For 60 years Mel Blanc performed in radio and animation, achieving records for his longevity and prolificness that have yet to be matched. His legacy has yet to be matched as well.
#1 (Female): June Foray Notable roles: Granny (Looney Tunes), Rocky (Rocky and Bullwinkle)
Though there admittedly wasn't nearly as far of a gap between #1 and #2 as there was in the male list (a case CAN be made for Tara Strong as #1), June Foray's status as both a pioneer AND an incredibly talented and prolific actress put her well over the top. For those who only know her for her Granny and maybe for her Rocky voice, you ain't heard nothin' yet. Foray's resume includes performances in many early Disney films (voicing Lucifer the cat in Cinderella and a number of minor characters in Peter Pan), voicing little girls such as Chatty Cathy and Cindy Lou Who, as well as some of the earliest animated sex symbols (she was Red in an uncensored version of Red Hot Riding Hood and a later version of the Red Riding Hood character in a later, more traditional version of the tale, she was also of course Natasha in Rocky and Bullwinkle). Foray's longtime (60+ years) role as Granny (and as Witch Hazel) is of course well chronicled. As the female voice characterizer on Looney Tunes, she played literally hundreds of characters throughout hundreds of shorts over the history of the series. She still gets lots of work today, playing Mulan's elderly grandmother in the Mulan films and even doing voices on Flapjack at the age of 93. A timeless legend, a tireless worker, June Foray is the greatest female voice artist of all time.
2012 Revision
In March 2012, Ry Senkari revised the list, adding some voice actors, dropping others, and doing a small reshuffling of the list.
Males:
