8 photos View the full slideshow »
A new short film about the life of pioneering Asian American Actor and Artist Keye Luke will premiere at this year's Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival.
Directed, Produced and Edited by Timothy Tau from a screenplay which I co-wrote, Keye Luke will be presented as part of a shorts program that combines projects from UCLA's Video Ethnography Workshop and Visual Communications' Armed with a Camera Fellowship for Emerging Media Artists. Keye Luke was an Armed with a Camera Fellowship film.
Advertisement
Click here to see the trailer on Vimeo.
Fans of old Hollywood and the Black and White Film Noir era will best remember Keye Luke as playing the original Kato in the 1940s Green Hornet film serials and his role as "Number One Son," Lee Chan , in the 1930s-40s Charlie Chan films.
Keye Luke screens on Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 7:00 PM as part of the festival's “VC Digital Posse, Ver. 2012” Shorts Program at the Directors Guild of America.  Tickets go on sale, Friday, April 13th, for more info, visit the website at: http://laapff.festpro.com/films/detail/keye_luke_2012
I recently had a discussion with Keye Luke director Timothy Tau about his inspiration to bring Keye Luke's story to modern audiences.  (Note: Q&A edited for space constraints. Click here to read the full interview article).
Ed Moy: Tell us about your casting choices for Keye Luke. You chose to cast Feodor Chin as Keye. I think he was a great choice. He has a terrific voice much like Keye Luke.
Timothy Tau: Yeah, Feo was always on my mind as the perfect person to play Keye Luke. He just has a very American quality about him, can’t really describe it, almost a very 1950s classy American aura to him, and is probably one of the most eloquent son-of-a-guns I’ve ever heard talk.  He also has great strengths in both comedic and dramatic acting and does in fact have a “golden voice” like you mentioned, e.g., he does do a lot of audiobooks and actually recently did one about Jeremy Lin, around the time we were doing the ADR for the film. This also worked for Keye Luke because Luke also had a great, articulate voice (an accent-less American voice from an Asian American Actor being even more of a rarity back then) and did a lot of voice work for cartoons like Space Ghost (he voiced Brak), the Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan (voicing Charlie Chan), Scooby Doo, Jonny Quest, you name it.
Ed Moy: You also added the characters of Keye’s brother Edwin, his father Lee and their family dog, who I didn’t have in my original first draft version of the script.
Timothy Tau: That’s right. Edwin Luke, who is played by recurring collaborator Archie Kao , is sort of an extrapolation, but Edwin was also an Actor and had a role as the bookworm-ish “Number Four Son” Eddie Chan in the Charlie Chan films as well. Archie definitely knocked that comedic role out of the park, and I had to step out of the room several times, afraid I was about to laugh too hard and mess up the sound. There is just this great “unspoken subtext” of Keye Luke never mentioning his brother Edwin in any of his interviews or acceptance speeches, so I created this underlying current of competitiveness (could be fictionalized, could be real) between the two brothers that you definitely see in the film - sort of an unspoken sibling rivalry.
Lee Luke also was an authentic character, a real person, and I thought Kelvin Han Yee would be the ideal person to play that role.
Actually, I had to do quite a bit of research to actually find out what Keye Luke’s father’s first name really was. I wanted to make the character as AMERICANIZED as possible - he is an Artist who owns an Art Shop in Seattle but also lived in San Francisco for a long time. He is a foreigner, but at the same time, he is trying to do everything he can to fit in and adapt to American culture. In other words, I didn’t want him or anyone else in the Luke family to speak any Chinese or act like traditional Chinese people, I wanted them to act AMERICAN as possible. And Kelvin definitely does that, and more.
I also hope I do recurring scenes with brothers, fathers and sons, because that is the type of family environment I come from (I have a younger brother and come from a family with a pretty dominant father), so expect that to show up in my later work as well - I guess some of this showed up in that one scene with Feo, Archie and Kelvin.
Louie Han Yee, Kelvin Han Yee’s Bulldog, I wanted to add because Louie is such a great, natural Actor. Very well-behaved as well and would stay still in his spot for all of the takes. Kelvin came up with his nickname “Guai Low” on set (referencing the fact that he is a “white” Bulldog) and I thought that was brilliant. Also, this is a partial tongue-in-cheek reference to The Artist’s “Uggy” although we all know Louie is way more talented and that Uggy rides his coattails.
Ed Moy: That’s hilarious. I love the Luke family dog’s name. You also made further changes to my original version of the script with the addition of the Benson Fong character played by David Huynh.
Timothy Tau: That’s right. I thought David Huynh would be perfect for Benson Fong , because both Actors embody that younger look and might be typecast for younger roles for that reason, but both have the phenomenal talent to play a wide, diverse range of different roles. So Benson Fong plays the Number Three Son, Tommy Chan, in the film (who has a competitive relationship with the Number Two Daughter, played by Marianne Quon, but I decided to swap Archie’s character in for that role). There is a very comical scene that Feo, Dave and Britt improvised that I wanted to keep in, its going to be in the extended cut for sure. Feo and Dave also have a working relationship from Juwan Chung’s Award-Winning film “Baby” (2008), where Feo and Dave play arch-enemies, and which Dave also won a Jury Prize for “Best Emerging Actor” at the 2007 LAAPFF. Both of them also show up in my Web Series, “Quantum Cops” which we just wrapped the pilot for.
Also, Benson Fong plays the Japanese “Mad Scientist” character, Dr. Hakahima in Secret Agent X-9 (1945), a segment featured towards the end of the film, but the character in my piece is sort of a hyperbole (the real role in the film was much more subtle and sort of duller). Dave took it all the way though (maybe assisted by the fact that the bartender at the bar we shot at was freakin’ pouring all these free drinks to the cast members), and I’m glad he did.
Ed Moy: I love that you had the actors improvise and make the characters more fun to watch. Tell us about the numerous female roles you added to the film.  I didn’t have many females written into the original script, but you found a way to add a bevy of wonderful Actresses including Elaine Kao, Mei Melancon, Jennifer Chang, Becky Wu, Hedy Wong, Jennifer Field, Jolene Kim, Narisa Suzuki, Cyndee San Luis, Jessika Van and Ina-Alice Kopp to the film.
Timothy Tau: Ah yes! The women of “Keye Luke.” Amazing, super-talented, drop dead gorgeous and also brilliant Actors. Let’s maybe cover them and their roles in order here.
Elaine Kao (who you’ll remember from Bridesmaids as part of the couple that walks into Kristen Wiig’s jewelry store) is an amazing Actress, and her role is Marianne Quon, who is also known as “The Technicolor Movie Queen of Hong Kong” / Lai Yee because after her brief career in the States, she went on to be the Actress that made the most color films in HK. Definitely one of those fascinating figures you find in your research, and I wanted to focus more on her character (maybe in a separate film). She played the Number Two Daughter, who has this ongoing competitive relationship with the Number Three Son (Benson Fong), but I swapped him out for the Number Four Son (Edwin Luke - Archie Kao). I thought it’d just be interesting if both the Kaos (no relation) played on-screen brother and sister and wanted to see how that would play out. It played out well, and humorously.
Mei Melancon (Psylocke from X-Men: The Last Stand, Jamie Chen in “The L Word,” Dr. Catherine Ivy from “Pathology” and the other “Girl In Car” alongside Maggie Q in “Rush Hour 2”) is not just an amazing Actress but also a very talented Artist overall (she also Directs and Writes). She really nailed the role of “Lotus Long”, really performed a detailed study of Lotus Long’s work, did in-depth study and analysis, and truly immersed herself into the role, plus the amazing Wardrobe from Bao Tranchi just took it the extra mile to make it truly authentic. There are side-by-side screen shots where I compare Lotus Long with Mei Melancon and the resemblance is just UNCANNY. I knew Mei was perfect for the role because both Lotus Long and her share mixed Japanese ancestry (Lotus Long changed her surname to avoid internment, she is actually of mixed Japanese and Hawaiian descent, not Chinese descent). Also, what’s crazy is that Mei told me the role that really inspired her to get into acting was wanting to play the role of “Tokyo Rose” (Iva Toguri). Turns out that Lotus Long was the ONLY Actress to ever actually play Tokyo Rose in the film Tokyo Rose (1946) (Keye Luke was also in that film as Charlie Otani). Just one of those moments that sends chills up your spine on how DEAD-ON the casting is, and how maybe fate or destiny may be involved.
Jolene Kim plays “Suzanna Kim”, an Actress known for her roles in films like “The Good Earth” (that Keye Luke was also in) - there’s this great historical photograph of Keye Luke in glasses painting the bathing suit of Suzanna Kim (very easy to find online) - and I’ve always imagined some type of hidden subtext or undercurrent here, e.g., were they in a romantic relationship? What was going on? I think that was the scene you originally wrote about Keye Luke painting a star, but we just couldn’t paint on the suit so we had to improvise. George Shaw’s music here is also killer, and is just a very heart-wrenching piece.
Jennifer Chang (who plays “Iris Wong”) is also another incredible Actress that is in a scene that is more or less a “historical recreation” (you can actually see the clip it was based on up on Youtube). She did an amazing job, and Toni Chiang (our Hair/Makeup Artist) did some amazing work with her hair, I think it defies gravity somehow, but it looks awesome. Her role (Iris Wong / Choy Wong in the Charlie Chan films) is actually a recurring love interest of the Number Two Son, Jimmy Chan (played by Victor Sen Yung, which James Huang plays and nails as well), and her rendition was really dead on. At the same time however, it was something new and fresh and modern. What both James and Jennifer (and also Robert) did with that scene was really great.
Becky Wu (you might have caught her on multiple recent episodes of ABC’s “Desperate Housewives” as “Amy Yamada”)  plays “Florence Ung,” the Actress who in turn plays the Number One Daughter, Ling. That role is also sort of an extrapolation/creation, because there is very little evidence in the Charlie Chan films to go off of. It is supposed to be sort of a maternal role because she is the eldest daughter (and the female equivalent of Keye Luke’s role) and Becky did an awesome job in creating that tone with the character as well as running with it. Hedy Wong is also in that scene, who I met on a project called “Chinatown Squad” about 1890 San Francisco Chinatown that Feo wrote. She plays “Frances Chan”, the spunky, younger sister of Ling, and brought exactly the energy I was looking for.
Cyndee San Luis I’ve collaborated with before on previous films (she was also in “The Case” as the Femme Fatale role). Her role as Lenore “Casey” Case (a coincidence that I did not plan), the secretary of Britt Reid / The Green Hornet (Gordon Jones, as played by Chris Cusano) is also somewhat of a creation, although partially inspired by Anne Nagel, who played the role in the 1940s version (Cameron Diaz played the role in the 2011 Rogen/Chou/Gondry version and Wende Wagner played the role in the 1966-67 Van Williams/Bruce Lee version). The hair from Toni Chiang was also amazing, and the set-up I had - the two thugs holding Cyndee hostage - was very similar to “The Case”, you might even say it was the 1940s version of that scenario I had in “The Case.”
Ed Moy: You also have Jessika Van , who is an Asian American Actress playing a White Actress playing an Asian role in the film within a film, Secret Agent X-9 sequence, which was a great addition on your part.
Timothy Tau: Yeah, I’ll talk about the Actresses in the Secret Agent X-9 (1945) section now: Jessika Van, Narisa Suzuki, Jennifer Field and Ina-Alice Kopp. Jessika’s role is interesting. So in Secret Agent X-9, a White Actress / legendary Character Actor named Victoria Horne plays Nabura, this Japanese Spy that is the main villain. But I didn’t think that was interesting enough, and the role to me was pretty bland, so Jessika Van’s rendition is definitely my “take” on that role, filtered through my own lens/cinematic influences - an eye-patch wearing villain like Dr. Acula from “The Case” or Elle Driver from Tarantino’s “Kill Bill” - there’s an action scene that will probably be in the extended version where she gets to man a Tommy Gun. But, yeah, it’s interesting because Jessika is an Asian American Actress playing my take of a White Actress playing an Asian role in a 1945 film updated to my contemporary cinematic sensibilities, so sort of layered in that many fourth walls were broken.
Narisa Suzuki is also a stellar Actress (she was saying no-one has ever cast her as a “bad guy”/villain role but she plays it so well) and her role is also an interesting one because in Secret Agent X-9, her role, Takahari, is actually played by a dude, Clarence Lung. I thought it’d be more interesting to have an Actress play it and add some visual zing to it (thanks to Bao Tranchi’s awesome Wardrobe designs). She also speaks an authentic line of Japanese in the film, which I wanted, because this final scene is also my interpretation of Secret Agent X-9 through the lens of Seijin Suzuki and his Yakuza/gangster/crime pictures...and no accident that she also shares the last name of one of the Director Gods I worship.
Feo came up to me while we were shooting (after looking at Jessika/Narisa’s outfits) and said to me something like “forget Ed Wood being an influence on you, I think Russ Meyers is.” Russ Meyers of course being the legendary Filmmaker known for awesome, sexualized exploitation flicks like “Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!” that feature strong but also sexy leading women characters. I think he was right.
Jennifer Field (who is actually of mixed Korean Ancestry and the Hapa character on “K-Town Reality Show”) is also a brilliant, kick-ass Actress that plays a lot of roles that capitalize on her stunning good-looks, so I just wanted her to play a nerded-up 1940s scientist. The role (Dr. Raymond) is mentioned and discussed in the film (basically the person that knows the secrets to Element 722) but never appears, so I thought it’d make things more interesting to have sort of a hostage situation where she is being held captive.
Finally, frequent collaborator Ina-Alice Kopp plays Jan Wiley, who in turn plays Agent Lynn Moore in Secret Agent X-9 - a blonde actually, while Ina is a brunette. Sort of a very stylish “hero’s entrance” she is in, alongside Chadd Stoops (Danny Turner from "Surrogate Valentine" and its sequel, "Daylight Savings") and Feo, who is Keye Luke playing Agent Ah-Fong in the film. In the extended version, there will be more Action scenes where you will definitely see more of these great Actors.
Ed Moy: Another major change to the original script was the addition of Burl Moseley in the role of Mantan Moreland (who played the Chan’s chauffeur Birmingham Brown) with Britt Prentice as Warner Oland (who also played Babe Ruth in an episode of Wizards of Waverly Place) and Robert Factor as Sidney Toler (who replaced Oland as Charlie Chan in the later films).  Tell us how you were able to cast these iconic roles?
Timothy Tau: Burl Moseley (who you may remember as Abo from 24) I think I first met at a play from Jennifer Chang’s theater company, Chalk Rep, and was just impressed by his major Acting talent. I thought he would be ideal for the role (which is sort of a polarizing “caricature”-like role sort of similar to Charlie Chan, with both fans and detractors, but a very historically interesting and iconic role as well). Burl brought a fresh interpretation to it, and also made it funny. The mystery music used throughout this scene composed by George Shaw works really well with the performances of Burl and the other Charlie Chan Actors, very moody, even Park Chan-Wook/Oldboy-esque, but historical at the same time, and George actually named the piece of music (“A Tough Case”)  after an improvised line Burl comes up with: “Boy, I tell you, this sure is a tough case."
Britt Prentice (in addition to playing Babe Ruth was also recently in LMFAO’s “Sorry for Party Rocking” Music Video), I met on that historical 1890s Chinatown Squad Project I was telling you about earlier, and he is just so dead-on as Warner Oland it scares me. He also is able to find a way to add humor to his portrayal, and improvised some great lines I ended up using, so just some amazing work from him. Robert Factor I’ve met at previous Asian American Film Festivals, and he was solid as Sidney Toler. I think he has actually worked with a good number of these Actors before (e.g., Becky Wu in a short film called “Pleasures” Directed by Lillian Ng and that screened at a prior LAAPFF), so it’s great that they got the chance to work again on this film.
Ed Moy: I think your addition to the script of The Green Hornet sequence with Chris Cusano as Gordon Jones/Britt Reid aka The Green Hornet was brilliant.  You also cast Chadd Stoops (Secret Agent X-9 sequence) in the film.  Tell us about their roles and how they got involved in this project.
Timothy Tau: Chris Cusano , who plays Gordon Jones / Britt Reid / The Green Hornet I also met on the set of that 1890s Chinatown Squad project that Feo wrote. If you watch Feo’s Drama Reel (on Vimeo or online), there is a mustached cop at the very beginning who plays the main nemesis (or hero of the series, the leader of the Chinatown Cop Squad) to Feo’s Crime Boss character, Pistol Pete. The mustached cop is Chris, and I thought it would have been interesting for them to play allies (as The Green Hornet / Kato) instead of enemies in this film, as there were a lot of very intense face-offs and beat-downs in that historical Chinatown project that they both had to endure as arch-enemies.
Josh Murphy (Bennie Chicoban from “Quantum Cops” and also Burt Reynolds from Feo’s “Golden Boy” ) I initially wanted to play the role because he has such great on-screen chemistry with Feo (and they were college buddies ever since UCLA), but he dropped out due to a scheduling conflict. In the extended version, I may have him play Warren Hull (the “second” Britt Reid / The Green Hornet) in the sequel to the 1939 serial film, “The Green Hornet Strikes Again” (1941), where Keye Luke still played Kato.
Chadd Stoops (probably the most hilarious part about Dave Boyle’s Award-Winning Indie film “Surrogate Valentine” ) really does an incredible job as Lloyd Bridges / Secret Agent X-9. The role is sort of this exaggerated “Cliff Notes” summary version of the character, but at the same time, a very respectful homage, and Chadd did stellar work about balancing that and also added a nice, humorous touch. The lines we ended up deciding to use were also ad-libbed and improvised by Chadd, which was great.
Ed Moy: One interesting casting choice you made was to put yourself in the film as James Wong Howe, the legendary Asian Cinematographer, who won two Academy Awards for The Rose Tattoo in 1956 and Hud in 1963.
Timothy Tau: Yeah, that part is sort of my veiled homage to what Scorsese did in “Hugo” (casting himself as a photographer or cinematographer back in the day). I also wanted to be James Wong Howe because back in those days, the 1940s, I think he was the closest thing you could get to an Asian American Director or Filmmaker. As a legendary Cinematographer, he basically did MAKE the films and his Vision was all over them, but I guess due to the racial politics at the time it may have been very difficult for him to actually Direct or be a Director. He did Direct some shorts and TV shows, but he is mainly known as a Cinematographer. I think at last year’s VC Fest (2011), they did a retrospective on some of his most notable films.
In the abridged version of the film, I take out any reference to James Wong Howe, so the character I play could be anyone really - maybe an Asian American Director/Cinematographer working in obscurity back in the 40s, or maybe me if I had a Time Machine to go back to the 40s, playing myself.
Ed Moy: Probably the biggest change that occurred in the script from my original version to your final film was the scene you added with Keye Luke, his wife Ethel Davis Luke and James Wong Howe taking their wedding pictures.  Although I had mentioned it to you in our pre-production script discussions when I first pitched the project to you, I was surprised to see you created a scene about them in the short film, especially given that Ethel was a Caucasian woman married to an Asian American man, which was as far as I know illegal during that time.
Timothy Tau: Yeah, Elizabeth Sandy (James Huang’s wife) was incredible, and plays Ethel Davis Luke in that one scene where I (as JWH) am taking wedding photos of them. Although she has no lines and we shot M.O.S., her actions were really great, all of them were just so graceful and amazing and warmed your heart, and she played off of Feo’s actions and reactions beautifully as well. The wardrobe that Bao Tranchi & Co picked for her also just wowed me. It looked beautiful, so period-piece accurate and also showed up very cinematic on camera. One of my favorite scenes of the film, hands down.
The marriage thing was also an issue I wasn’t able to find a conclusive answer to during my research. All materials I came across said they were married in 1942, but anti miscegenation laws (outlawing marriage between members of different races) were lifted in 1948. So either Luke had the cajones to illegally marry her and just keep it on the down-low, or they just waited until ‘48 to tie the knot or to have it legally recognized. My theory was the former, since I thought it’d make for a more interesting story, so the subtext in that one scene is that Luke’s friend James Wong Howe is quickly taking their pictures in his studio discreetly before the authorities find out. I think JWH also married outside his race too (to American Novelist/Poet Sanora Babb), so maybe this is another unconscious reason why I had JWH be in the scene, helping a brother out with a plight he knows all too well.
Interesting bit I found on Wikipedia: “Babb met her future husband, Chinese-American cinematographer James Wong Howe, before World War II. They traveled to Paris in 1937 to marry, but their marriage was not recognized by the United States until 1948, after the law banning racial intermarriage was abolished. Due to the ban, Howe’s studio contract “morals clause” prohibited him from publicly acknowledging their marriage. They could not cohabit until married, so they had separate apartments in the same building.” I am thinking Keye Luke went through a similar situation.
To read the entire interview article go to: http://edmoy.blogspot.com/2012/04/q-with-keye-luke-director-timothy-tau.html
Actor Feodor Chin stars in "Keye Luke"
Photo credit: 
