 
Famous Actors
Matt Demon, Brad Pitt, Christian Bale, all these handsome hunks, belong to one single category, "Famous Actors of Hollywood". To know more about these famous actors, take a look at the article.
When it comes to shortlisting some of the most famous actors of Hollywood, you have so many names to choose from. Each of them is known for his unique style of acting and for his special role played in a movie. Making a list of actors who are famous, is certainly a bit confusing and here is an attempt at making a list of some of the most famous actors.
Top 10 Famous Hollywood Actors
Johnny Depp: Johnny Depp, is known for his eccentric role of Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean film series. Benny & Joon, Don Juan DeMarco, The Brave and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, are some of his movies that brought him several film awards and nominations.
Brad Pitt: William Bradley "Brad" Pitt, born on 18th December, 1963 in Oklahoma, is one of the top 10 richest actors in Hollywood. Brad Pitt is entitled as one of the world's most attractive men and was voted as the Sexiest Man Alive in 1994 in the People magazine.
Hugh Jackman: One more heart throbbing Hollywood actor, Hugh Jackman, is popular for his role of Wolverine in the X-men series. This Australian Actor was named as Sexiest Man Alive, in the year 2008, by People magazine. Kate & Leopold, The Prestige and The Boy from Oz, are some of his most popular films.
Tom Cruise: The real name of Tom Cruise is Thomas Cruise Mapother IV and he was born on 3rd July, 1962. Known for his role of secret agent in Mission Impossible, Tom Cruise was ranked as Hollywood's most powerful actor in the year 2006.
Christian Bale: Christian Bale is an English actor who stepped into Hollywood at an age of 13, by acting in a movie named Empire of the Sun, which was directed by Steven Spielberg. American Psycho, The Guardian and the Dark Knight, are some of his popular movies, where his acting was acclaimed by critics.
Matt Damon: Matthew Paige "Matt" Damon, is known as a versatile actor, who has played different types of roles in several movies. Matt Demon was entitled as Sexiest Man Alive, in the year 2007, by People magazine and is known for his roles in Syriana, The Good Shepherd and The Departed.
Will Smith: Willard Christopher "Will" Smith, Jr., is considered as one of the most powerful actors on the planet. Will Smith is also a film producer and rapper, and has been nominated for several Golden Globe Awards, Academy Awards and Grammy Awards. Bad Boys, Bad Boys II, Independence Day, Men in Black, Robot, The Pursuit of Happyness, are few of his successful films, to be mentioned.
Leonardo DiCaprio: Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio, started his acting career by playing a role in a sitcom, named, Growing Pains. After that Leonardo DiCaprio worked in various movies, which include, This Boy's Life and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. Titanic was an incredible movie that brought him fame and popularity. Blood Diamond, Romeo + Juliet and Catch Me If You Can, are some of the successful movies for which he was nominated for several awards.
Bruce Willis: Walter Bruce Willis was born on 19th March 1955 and is known for his versatile roles which include, comic, action and dramatic. He has acted in almost 60 films and has been nominated several times for Golden Globe Awards, Emmy Awards and Saturn Awards. The Sixth Sense, The Fifth Element and Armageddon are some of his box-office hits.
Steve Carell - Steven "Steve" John Carell, first came into limelight due to his television roles in The Daily Show with Jon Stewart that was aired from 1999 to 2004. He is an actor, voice artist, comedian, producer, director and writer; and is known for his typical roles in several movies, which include, Anchorman, Little Miss Sunshine, Evan Almighty, Get Smart, and Date Night.
Famous Oscar-Winning Actors
