As Andrew Laird in a "Dynasty" excerpt:
 Read the new interview with Peter Mark Richman,
(courtesy of CultFilmFreak.com)
A fabulous CD has been released of Jerrald Goldsmith's music for the NBC-TV powerful series of the sixties, "Cain's Hundred" starring Peter Mark Richman as a mafia lawyer who quits representing them. (That's Trouble!) The disc with a booklet is full of pictures of the series action and guest stars. (FSM's silver and golden age classics, Screen Archives Entertainment.)
Peter Mark Richman on
Interview on "Night       of 100 Hollywood Stars 2010"
Mr. Richman has just completed a short film called, "The Desperate." It is a powerful story of a Jewish surgeon slated to die in a concentration camp when he is compelled to save a Nazi General's wounded Lieutenant son.  
He sat in a make-up chair for 3 hours while a bald pate was applied and the accompanying "look."  
The film was submitted to the Academy of Motion Pictures in the short film category; and it will be seen in many film festivals in the coming year. On December 9, 2009 Mr. Richman  received an "Award of Excellence" from the Film Advisory Board for his performance and "Outstanding Contributions to the World of Entertainment."  
It has now won 33 Film Festival Awards across the country as Best Film in Short Film Category, (it's 32 minutes). And Mr. Richman has won several best actor awards.
  "The       Desperate." movie trailer
AFTER THE WIZARD.. A film Peter         Mark recently shot will premier at the historic Kingman Theater in         Kingman, Kansas on July 2, 2011, where a lot of the film was shot. After         The Wizard is based on another book by L. Frank Baum who wrote the         Wizard of Oz. It is a family picture and Mr. Richman plays a blind         southern gentleman who meets The Tin Man and The Scarecrow on a train!
AfterTheWizard-themovie.com is the website for the picture and has photos of the production.
Mysteria.. A murder mystery film         has been completed and will be released shortly. Peter Mark plays a         devious senator.
4 FACES is a film about four distinctly different people in crisis, and how each one relates and deals with his tangential relationship to God in that crisis. It was written by and stars Peter Mark Richman. 
It was directed by Ted Post.
"PETER MARK RICHMAN'S 4 FACES Is rich and engrossing, wonderfully written, acted and directed. Each of the four characters portrayed by this gifted actor appears as a complete and human being.  It's as though you are witnessing four genuinely different personalities acted with great intelligence, wit and perception, by four different talented actors. It's remarkable."  -- MARTIN LANDAU 
"RICHMAN is indeed a rich man...he's written four great character studies and then acts them out brilliantly."   -- ELI WALLACH
FACE  #1   PASTOR GREGORY -- Delivers his sermon after being informed  he is suspected of taking liberties with his female congregants.
FACE         #2   CARLO -- A father reveals his difficult ordeal to a         drug intervention group concerning his son.
FACE #3   GERHARDT -- A former SS Nazi officer living comfortably somewhere in South America has a visitor, his grandson.
FACE #4  DANIEL -- An 83 year old Holocaust survivor meets a young man in the park and reveals his philosophy of life.
 
