One World
Background:
American film and television actor Bryan Kirkwood, the twin brother of actor Denny Kirkwood, is perhaps best known for playing the leading role of Ben Blake in the NBC comedy series “One World” (1998-2001). He has guest starred in TV series such as “The Nanny,” “ “Just Shoot Me!,” “The Andy Dick Show,” “Sabrina, the Teenage Witch,” “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation” and “Dead Zone.” On the big screen, the Washington native has played roles in horror/thriller movies like “The Forsaken” (2001), “Devil's Prey” (2001), “HellBent” (2004) as well as in the drama “A Midsummer Night's Rave” (2002) and the crime film “Just Hustle” (2004). He appeared on stage in the production of “True West” (2005).
Off cameras, Kirkwood is romantically involved with “Sabrina, the Teenage Witch” star Melissa Joan Hart during the early 2000s.  The father of one has a dog named Bella.
Twin
Childhood and Family:
Bryan Joseph Kirkwood was born on March 20, 1975, in Olympia, Washington. He is six minutes older than his identical twin brother Denny Kirkwood (also an actor). Bryan also has a brother named Ricky and a sister named Chandler. The Kirkwood children grew up in Bellevue, WA. Bryan attended Interlake High School in Bellevue, where he and his twin were both selected the First Team All Kingco Football.
In 2008, Bryan welcomed a baby girl named Ireland.
HellBent
Career:
Bryan Kirkwood began performing in front of his family when he was eight years old. He, however, did not consider acting as a career until at college, especially after being persuaded by his drama teacher. 21 year old Kirkwood made his TV acting debut as Maggie's boyfriend in the 1996 episode “Where's Fran?” of the Fran Drescher hit sitcom “The Nanny.” The following year, he portrayed Patrick in “Dogs of Woods Hole” (1997), helmed and penned by Glenn Ripps.
In 1998, Kirkwood made his series TV debut as a regular in “One World,” a half hour sitcom about the routine issues of a big family. The show ran on NBC for three seasons from September 12, 1998 to January 6, 2001. Kirkwood starred as Ben Blake, one of six teens of various racial and ethnic backgrounds who are adopted by a former basketball player and his artist wife. In 2000, Kirkwood was cast as Dex in Gregg Araki's unsold pilot, “This Is How the World Ends,” opposite James Duval, Kelli Garner, Cynthia Gibb, Robert Kim and Molly Brenner, among other actors, and guest starred as Bobby in “Just Shoot Me!.”
After the cancellation of “One World,” Kirkwood portrayed Merk in “The Forsaken” (2001), a horror/thriller film starring Kerr Smith and Brendan Fehr and helmed and written by J. S. Cardone. The same year, he also costarred with Charlie O'Connell, Jennifer Lyons, and Elena Lyons in the teen horror film “Devil's Prey,” for director Bradford May and writers Randall Frakes and C. Courtney Joyner, and guest starred in the TV series “Special Unit 2” (as Neil Roberts) and “The Andy Dick Show.” In 2002, Kirkwood reprised his role of Derek in an episode of “Sabrina, the Teenage Witch,” which starred one time girlfriend Melissa Joan Hart. He first appeared in the 2000 episode “Some of My Best Friends Are Half-Mortal” (2000). After playing Adam Piorio in the 2002 episode “Stalker” of “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation,” the actor reunited with Glenn Ripps in the short film “Hold On” (2002) and returned to the big screen with a small role of Ray ray in “A Midsummer Night's Rave,” a modern day adaptation of Shakespeare's  play, “A Midsummer Night's Dream” (also 2002). Directed by Gil Cates Jr., the latter film starred Corey Pearson, Lauren German, Andrew Keegan, Chad Lindberg, and Sunny Mabrey.
In 2004, after almost two years hiatus, Kirkwood appeared along side his brother Denny in the crime film “Just Hustle,” directed by Ari Bernstein and penned by Sage Bannick, who also played the leading role of Johnny Mac. He then portrayed Jack in the Paul Etheredge award winning horror/thriller movie “HellBent” and reunited with his brother for an episode of “Stephen King's Dead Zone” called “Looking Glass” (both also 2004). The twins worked together again in a stage production of Sam Shepard's “True West” (2005) at the North Theatre in Virginia. The play was directed by  Jerry Meadors.
Kirkwood starred as Johnny Rutherford in the 2006 short film “The Sound of Water Rising,” penned and directed by Adam Fike. The next year, he was cast opposite Pauli Pettit in the 14 minute short “Vermilion,” for director Aaron Sims. He was cast along side his brother in the thriller movie “The Absent” (2009), helmed by Sage Bannick.
Apart from being an actor, Bryan Kirkwood is an artist. His work can be found in Los Angeles galleries.
Awards:
