Screen Actors Guild
Fred Prouser/Reuters
The dream of many a young actor is to utter whatever on-screen epithet or verbal snippet it takes to capture a SAG card.
Entry into SAG -- the Screen Actors Guild -- marks a major step toward achieving the Hollywood dream.
The Guild was established in 1933 to give actors a voice amidst a heavy-handed studio system. The Guild encompasses both big screen and television actors.  Over its 75 years, it has campaigned for actor control over contracts, established a health and pension fund and won residuals payments for its members.
Many big names have been elected as president of the Guild, including James Cagney, Charlton Heston, Patty Duke and Ronald Reagon, who served two terms before going on to be governor of California and President of the United States.
Throughout its history, the Guild has staged strikes in the course of its negotiations. It has also supported related organizations in their walk-outs, most recently the 2007-2008 Screen Writers Guild awards in which many top actors joined writers on the picket lines.
SAG's most recent contract expired on June 30, 2008. But opposition to a strike has stifled the union’s negotiating abilities.
SAG leaders find themselves in a heated campaign to convince a wary membership that they need to strike — with the nation entangled in its worst economic crisis since the Depression — if movie and television studios do not soon capitulate to contract demands that have stalled negotiations.  Leaders need 75 percent of voting members to approve the authorization, and would prefer an even wider percentage to strengthen their negotiating position with studios.
The actors’ union and the studios are at odds over new terms for a three-year contract that would include payments for Internet videos and other forms of new media. Since the previous contract, the financial crisis has created a new pressure point in the dispute.
On Jan. 26, 2009, in a bid to restart long-stalled negotiations, SAG members forced the firing of executive director Doug Allen, the architect of the union’s hard-line approach to contract talks with studios. The interim director is David White, who formerly served as SAG general counsel.
While SAG and its 120,000 members have certainly proved themselves capable of wild plot twists, it is hard to imagine that the guild would not now immediately seek to resume long-stalled talks with producers — and approach those talks seeking quick settlement.
SEARCH  ARTICLES ABOUT THE SCREEN ACTORS GUILD:
Headlines Around the Web
