(17/2/1902 - 1984)
 
First class pilot, engineer, general-major of  the Soviet Air Forces, verifier of the Scientific Research Institute of the Air  Forces. He has been awarded with medals and orders for his service in the WWII.  In 1943 he also established a flying speed record.
    Other Gypsy Heroes  of Russia
 
Roma have given thousands  other heroes to Russia, many of them lost their lives fighting against Nazi  armies, others have seen the victory of the Allies at the end of WWII. They all  deserve an honorable memory, but we do not know all their names, so we can just  mention some of them as representatives of all.
Piotr Amidzhanovich, Abdisha Olyevich, Montii Olyevich and Sejdamet Olyevich,  of the Kazybeyevikh Crimean Roma family, were  awarded with war condecorations.
Mikhail Dmitriev, fought all the war and entered with the triumphant Soviet army  in Berlin.
Grigori Petrovich Kuznetzov, participated in the liberation of  Poland and Czechoslovakia, medal for courage.
Vasily Alekseyevich Mushtakov, fought for the liberation of  Budapest, awarded with medal.
Vasily Vasilkov, pilot, died in the  battle of Stalingrad.
Zaikin Vasily Zakharovich, participated in the Finnish War, then died on battle  field against Germans.
There were also Romany women who played an important role during the war, as Anna Belozerova, Elena Kolpakova and Aleksandra  Shlykova, medical assistants, died  in war.
In this category we can also list the scientist sisters Natalya Pankova and Lyubov Pankova , mentioned  above, who left aside their careers and voluntarily worked hard in a plant,  making shells for rocket projectors, as their patriotic conscience led them to  help their country to fight the Nazi invaders.
An heroe not of WWII, but of modern times, was Jan Aleksandrovich Sergunin  (Reshetnikov), Lieutenant-General and Lawyer, restored the Civil Law in  the Chechen Republic, trying by all means the diplomatic way making the law to  prevail over weapons; promoted the creation of rehabilitation centres in  Kazakhstan; provided for free legal advisory to citizens against illegal procedures. He  was also a writer in Romany language.  
