Nadine Nicole
Actor
Nadine is passionate about life and expresses this through a myriad of artistic and altruistic endeavors. Nadine currently resides in Los Angeles as a working actress, painter and social worker. Recently, Nadine became President of the nonprofit Helping Others Worldwide where she can work hands on with impoverished communities across the globe
Visit nadinenicole.com or close preview
Paul Di Palma
Filmmaker
Paul uses his portfolio to showcase trailers of his short films and promote new projects. From director to best boy making a film is a creative process involving many people.  Through news posts, videos, and behind the scenes photos, keep the world involved with you and your work from conception to conclusion.
Visit pauldipalma.com or close preview
Kellye Janel
Actor
Born and raised in Harlem, New York, Kellye Janel received a B.A in Film Production from Brooklyn College. Upon graduating she completed Color of Love, a short film she wrote, produced, directed, and edited.  After College she went on to work with Spike Lee’s protégé, Michael Boogie Pinckney, on three projects, Shotgun Poet, Troy Shawn Welcome and The Club.  Currently she is working on a t.v pilot by Catch Me If You Can Productions.
Visit kellyejanel.com or close preview
Satoko Ichinose
Make-Up Artist
Satoko Ichinose  is a make-up artist based in New York City. Her resume includes beauty, fashion and special effects make-up. She keeps her extensive resume and portfolio always up to date using the many features available on her site.
Visit satokomakeup.com or close preview
Jason Liebman
Actor
Jason's portfolio is a one stop location for viewing his head shots, reel and resume. He also uses it to let people know when and where he is performing by posting news and creating detailed events.
Visit jliebman.com or close preview
Faith Haney
Filmmaker
Faith has been an artist all her life, and an archaeologist since 1995. As a specialist in artifact illustration and field mapping, Faith soon adopted the video camera as a tool to record the world around her.
Visit faithhaney.com or close preview
Kelsey Link
Actor
Chicago born actress Kelsey Link has acted and produced several plays and films. She has a penchant for the offbeat and eccentric, and relishes playing demanding roles that challenge her way of thinking. Her extensive portfolio ranges from works not only in the US, but also Israel and London. She is currently based in Los Angeles.
Visit kelseylink.mixform.com or close preview
Emma Lauren
Photographer
Emma Lauren is 19 years young and based in the heart of New York City. She works with a Canon Rebel XSI and a Minolta X-700. She uses both equally. Her goal is to meet new and beautiful people all over the world and capture their beauty inside and out.
Visit emmalaurenphoto.mixform.com or close preview
Gabby Crane
Make-Up Artist
Gabby Crane, originally from Costa Rica, is a creative makeup artist with experience in all aspects of the makeup world. Her training and education as a Master Makeup Artist is from Blush School of Makeup, located in San Francisco, CA. Her background and experience create a unique style that characterizes her artistic talent.
Visit gabbycranemakeup.com or close preview
James Clark
Make-Up Artist
James Clark  is a professional artist and designer for film, TV, internet and print. Working with a large range of clients across all media, he is based in Glasgow, working in the UK and internationally.
Visit illusionsbyjc.com or close preview
Pavlina Perry
Photographer
Czech born photographer Pavlina Richterova is based in the New York City area. She specializes in documentary, portrait and fashion photography. Using her portfolio she can organize her extensive body of work by posting series of photographs and arranging them in albums and categories, and adding tags.
Visit pavlinaphotography.com or close preview
