Get it: Amazon
Saulsberry’s distinctive announcers voice is literally everywhere.      In the summer of 2006 he announced promos for the ABC hit Dancing With The Stars. His voice promoted the ABC critically acclaimed Charlie Brown Christmas Special in 2007.   He announced the 34th NAACP Image Awards and the Essence Awards specials on FOX Television. The Grammy Awards and the Country Music Awards for CBS   .
As one of the top trailer voices in the business, movie fans have heard Rodney’s      voice promoting some of their favorites:Tupac Resurrection, How Stella Got Her Groove Back,      Diary of a Mad Black Woman, Friday After Next, Drumline, Undercover Brother, The Best Man, Dumb & Dumberer, Finding Forrester, Soul Food,  Hardball,       Crooklyn, Bamboozled, Clockers, and many more. Black Enterprise      Magazine called Saulsberry: “The voice of choice for behind-the-scenes-narration.”
What do Zatarain's, Twix, Toyota Camry, ALPO, Honda Accord, Lincoln LS, Verizon,   White Castle,      7UP, Burger King, SBC, and Nestle Crunch all have in common?      Saulsberry has been a voiceover commercial pitchman for all of these products      and many others on television and radio.  He can      also be heard reading Books on Tape, as well as narrating E! Entertainments,      True Hollywood Story, about Motown R&B singer, Marvin Gaye.
Animation is another strong suit for this versatile voice actor. Saulsberry      is the voice of Joe Robbie Robertson on the hit cartoon series Spider-Man and James Rhodey Rhodes in the new animated feature film, The Invincible Iron Man. Chyron in the Animatrix, Ufwapo on Ahh…Real Monsters, Willy on Xyber 9, and has guest starred      on many other Saturday morning cartoons that include Rugrats, Duckman, Static Shock and Minoriteam.
Talking is not the only way this crooner has used his instrument. Rodney      lent his melodious baritone singing voice to a jubilant ensemble of background      singers on a spirited recording of Hakuna Matata on The Lion      King soundtrack.
He continued his animation musical journey singing on two numbers from The      Prince of Egypt soundtrack, When You Believe and Playing With The      Big Boys. As a soloist, he has recorded two rhythm and blues albums that      have produced two Billboard charting singles, I Wonder and Look      Whatcha Done Now.
He has performed on Soul Train and Dance      Fever. His music videos have played in heavy rotation on VH1 and BET.
Saulsberry first set foot on west coast soil when he came to town with a      national touring company of Your Arms Too Short To Box With God after      a successful Broadway run. The musical was an instant hit in the Los Angeles      area and led to an illustrious television acting career for Rodney that included      guest starring roles on Taxi, Mash, Gimme a Break, 227, Hill Street Blues and Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman. He also enjoyed series regular status      on the soap opera, Capitol and a recurring role on The Young and the Restless.
To perfect his craft, Saulsberry is no stranger to hard work. In an interview      with Black Enterprise Magazine, he said: “At breakfast, I read      cereal boxes out loud. Driving down the street, I read street signs. I listen      to news radio and repeat word for word what’s being said. I vocalize      as if I were going to sing. And when I’m watching trailers in the theater,      I’m repeating it all quietly.”
No doubt about it—Rodney Saulsberry is the A1VOICE of choice for behind-the-scenes      narration.
videos and books
