Home Litefoot
Litefoot
Litefoot is an enrolled member of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma. He is a Native American rap artist, actor, role model and entrepreneur. Litefoot began realizing his entrepreneurial dreams nineteen years ago by starting his own recording label, Red Vinyl Records and releasing his own music. He has since recorded ten award-winning albums that have been distributed throughout the world.
Litefoot’s lyrics are used today to teach both high school and college level students throughout the United States; and as far away as Germany, about historical and contemporary Native American issues and views. Litefoot has lectured at various colleges throughout the United States ranging from Virginia Polytechnic College and State University to Sitting Bull College. Litefoot spends a great deal of his time each year speaking and holding workshops for elementary and high school students throughout North America.
Litefoot is a feature film actor and has starred in such major motion pictures as, The Indian In The Cupboard and Mortal Kombat, Annihilation. He has also appeared on the television programs: C.S.I. Miami, Family Law and Any Day Now.
Litefoot’s entrepreneurial spirit has grown to include successful pursuits in the world of fashion through his popular “Native Style” clothing line. The Native Style brand enjoys distribution via Native American casinos, various retail outlets, Native American powwows and events nationwide and through its fully functional e-commerce website located at www.nativestyle.net.
In early 2011, Litefoot became the first Native American actor or musician to develop and produce his own branded line of sneakers aptly named the Litefoot FlexArrow™.  The first pairs of the  Flexarrow™ sneakers will be available in 2012.
Litefoot has served as co-chair of the National Indian Gaming Association’s, American Indian Business Network. He’s served as Vice-President of Native Affairs for the Triple Five Group, owners of the world’s largest retail shopping malls; the Mall of America and the West Edmonton Mall. Litefoot has facilitated a range of business opportunities in Indian Country from casino gaming, hospitality, land development and various green energy initiatives.
Litefoot continues to constantly tour Indian Country as a popular rap artist and public speaker. Over the last 4 years he has traveled over 150,000 miles throughout the United States bringing hope and empowerment to over 400 Native American communities on the “Reach The Rez Tour”.
By successfully walking in both the traditional and contemporary worlds, Litefoot is an example of what today’s young Native Americans are encouraged to become.
DISCOGRAPHY
