View All
"Out with the old, in with the new".  It's what they said about silent films when the advent of "talkies" proved to be more than just a passing fad.  It's what they said about many of those silent age actors too, who didn't have a voice for film, and who were soon replaced by other faces and names.  Of course new isn't necessarily always better.  At least that's what George Valentin (Jean Dujardin in an academy award winning performance) would say.  When shown a film clip of a talkie for the first time, he scoffs at it's ridiculousness: where is the artistry?  Valentin is an enormously successful silent film star who has just about the whole world wrapped around his finger, he's charismatic, dashing, without guile; his star power radiates like a super nova.  Leaving one of his sold out movie premieres, he bumps into a young woman by the name of Peppy Miller (Bérénice Bejo), who takes an ackward situation and turns it into a paparazzi moment, schmoozing for the cameras.  It's all Valentin can do to keep up with her.  "Who's That Girl?" reads the Variety page headlines.  Peppy takes a copy with her to a movie audition, determined to make sure the producers know.  Of course Valentin runs into her again, as fate must seemingly decree, and he insists she try out for a part in his movie.    The rise of one star and the fall of another has been done many times in hollywood, A Star is Born, All About Eve, Singin' in the Rain (even some of those Busby Berkeley musicals) have all shared similar themes, but The Artist is only marginally about that.  How about the actual artist himself?  The man who decrees he'd rather fail by his own creation than succeed pandering to some imagined audience.  Artists of the silent screen like Buster Keaton or Douglas Fairbanks (who bears more than a passing resemblance to Dujardin's Valentin character, in both appearance and mannerisms) saw their creativity shackled as sound became the standard and their unique gifts were constrained to studio pigeon holes.  In "The Artist", Valentin makes a film of unique beauty, financed by his own money, and ignored by a public still reeling from the stock market crash of 1929.  His failure is not from lack of anything, save timing.  But The Artist is only marginally about that too.  To get to the heart of the matter, The Artist is really and simply about love.  Pride makes it difficult to surrender sometimes.  Sometimes we'd rather die than admit defeat at an erroneous cause.  But what about the man who doesn't surrender to love?  The man who is too afraid to let someone see the "real" him?  More than anything, Valentin spends the movie running away from love and the surrender he must give to it.  It's no surprise "The Artist" won five oscars (Best Costume Design, Best Directing, Best Original Score, Best Lead Actor, and Best Film of the Year), it's production is nearly flawless from one end to the other.  Lead actor Jean Dujardin is positively mesmerizing as Valentin and does what few contemporary actors could achieve, his movements on the screen are like that of a ballet dancer's.  The director, Michel Hazanavicius, crafts a painstakingly accurate tribute to films not just of the silent era but of the golden age of film in general.  With black and white, it's all shadows and light for cinematographers, with Hazanavicius, it's all about the staircase (so many scenes revolve around staircases in this movie, watch and see if you don't notice this).  It's the kind of film that will continue to stand out in one's memory years after seeing it, I'm sure.  Above all, it's sweetly old-fashioned and poignant, something very rare for a film these days.  Simply put, it's beautiful.
May 16, 2012
First Last
Super Reviewer
What can I say about this wonderful film, that critics and fellow movie-goers haven't already captured in their written acclaim? Well, from a personal standpoint, and as someone who has never before experienced the great wonders of the silent film era, I was both delighted and overwhelmed by how much a movie so muted, can speak in such in tremendous and emotional volumes. From its very first moments, I was absorbed into this black-and-white sensation of a film, and never wanted to leave as it came to a close. Everything has been done so impeccably, so elaborately beautiful in its very essence, that you feel nothing but admiration for the cast and crew behind its making. Director Michel Hazanavicious has succeeded in the near-impossible; bringing back a classic format, that hasn't seen the light of day since 1929. A mesmerizing homage, that not only re-captures the techniques flawlessly, but entertains, moves and sweeps you off into a state of pure awe and inspiration. Yes, The Artist is every bit as amazing as they say. Deserving of all its praise and worthy of all the Oscars that are bound to come in its way. A fantastic, original and incredibly uplifting tour-de-force, that makes everything else in the repertoire look like the work of untalented hacks. A standing ovation and hats off into the air, for this magically brilliant masterpiece, that leaves you as speechless and lost for words as its gifted performers.
December 1, 2011
