Famozz - World famous persons. Celebrities, athletes, artists, photographers.
What's on the web on world famous persons.
Celebrities, athletes, artists, photographers.
Alec Baldwin to make return to Broadway
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - Alec Baldwin is taking a break from (allegedly) hitting intrusive paparazzi to hit the floorboards instead in the Broadway production of Lyle Kessler's "Orphans." The show, the first Broadway production of the play, will be directed by Daniel Sullivan ("Good People"), with Frederick Zollo and Robert Cole producing. The play revolves around two orphans, Treat and Phillip, living in a decrepit North Philadelphia row house. "The Rock of Ages" star will play Harold, a rich older man who's kidnapped by Treat and becomes the boys' father figure. ...
 
Obama and Marc Anthony court voters in Miami Beach
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - President Obama hit Miami Beach on Tuesday to raise money for his last White House run, and Marc Anthony was in on the act. About 2,300 paying guests, most of whom shelled out $100 per ticket, caught Obama and Anthony on stage at the Fillmore at the Jackie Gleason Theater. Proceeds from the event went to the Obama Victory Fund, a joint fund-raising committee comprised of Obama for America, the Democratic National Committee and several state Democratic parties, according to a White House pool report. ...
 
Charlie Sheen drinking again
NEW YORK (TheWrap.com) - Charlie Sheen says he's drinking again, a year after his alcohol and drug abuse were factors in his firing from "Two and a Half Men." The actor, who has been through several stints in rehab, talked about using alcohol in a "Good Morning America" interview with Elizabeth Vargas to promote his new FX show, "Anger Management." In Sheen's termination letter from "Two and a Half Men" last year, lawyers for Warner Bros. TV said Sheen's "drug and alcohol abuse was not only affecting his ability to work on the show, but endangering his life. ...
 
Club sues NYC after Brown-Drake brawl, loses liquor license
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Manhattan nightclub where a brawl erupted between the entourages of hip-hop artists Chris Brown and Drake has sued New York City to allow it to re-open its doors. The New York hotspot Greenhouse claims it was "unnecessary and unlawful" for the city to shut it down in the aftermath of the June 16 bottle-launching fight in its downstairs club "W.i.P." The club claims in the lawsuit filed last Friday that it loses approximately $264,000 each week it is not open. Greenhouse is suing to permit an immediate opening of its doors. ...
 
Soderbergh says tired of making "important movies"
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The six-month countdown is on for Steven Soderbergh 's self-imposed sabbatical from movie-making, so what is the Oscar-winning director going to do with all that time? A book is in the works, Soderbergh said, and he might take his talents to TV or even the stage. One thing is for certain, he has tired of making what he called "important movies." "I've been planning this for five years ... I gave myself an out date and I'm right on schedule. ...
 
Rielle Hunter says she has split with John Edwards
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rielle Hunter, the woman who had an affair with former U.S. Senator John Edwards during his U.S. presidential bid, said on Tuesday that she was no longer in a relationship with him. In an interview to promote her tell-all memoir, Hunter, 48, told ABC's "Good Morning America" that she and Edwards had split, but would continue to see each other as they share parenting duties of their now 4-year-old daughter, Frances Quinn Hunter. "We are a family, but as of the end of last week, John Edwards and I are no longer a couple," Hunter told the morning program. "Not at all. ...
 
Rapper 50 Cent injured in car accident
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The rapper Curtis " 50 Cent " Jackson has been released from a hospital after suffering minor injuries when his SUV was involved in a traffic accident early Tuesday morning in New York, according to Jackson's publicist. Jackson's bullet-proof SUV was rear-ended by a Mack truck on the Long Island Expressway in New York City, according to the rapper's website thisis50.com. Jackson, widely known by his stage name 50 Cent , was taken to New York Hospital Queens where he was treated for minor neck and back injuries. ...
 
Cher planning Broadway musical about her life
LOS ANGELES (TheWrap.com) - Thanks to the magic of Broadway, Cher is going to turn back time on her journey from variety show host to Oscar-winning actress. Fear not - it's not a stage version of her big-screen turkey "Burlesque." Instead, the "I Got You Babe" songstress tweeted that she is collaborating with producers on a show based on her life story. The finished product will incorporate her catalog of pop hits. "Its VERY SLOW PROCESS! been working on it quite a while now," Cher tweeted. ...
 
People in the news
