The Girl in the White Coat: prized garment offers little protection against cold or cruelty Posted on Jun 22, 2012
In the composite photo above, Jean Dujardin, male star of the film The Artist,  holds four best actor awards, from organizations in Britain, the U.S. and France.
On Saturday, Feb. 25,  he won another, from the Film Independent Spirit Awards, though he could not get from France to California in time to accept it himself.  After all, he was busy at the César Awards in Friday night in Paris, and then celebrating afterward. While he did not win a best actor César (that honour went to Omar Sy for his role in Intouchables) the film  The Artist won six awards altogether.
In an article in the Los Angeles Times (located in the heart of the U.S. film industry) critic Kenneth Turan says the movie deserves to win the Best Picture and spells out why.
Among his comments: “a silent film made in Hollywood by a French team is not exactly business as usual for awards season or that absolutely no one saw this film coming when pre-season lists of potential Oscar favorites were made. So much for vive la difference.”
Turan remarks that the Artist does not have. . . ”an off-putting sense of self-importance, a ponderousness that trumpets to the world the undying significance of what has been put on screen.”
“The Artist . . . has the grace to wear its considerably gifts lightly. Yes, it’s got charismatic acting, a deft directorial hand, beautiful black and white cinematography, entrancing music plus a story that touches any number of emotional bases, but you never catch it breaking a sweat to convince you of its virtues. Its beating heart is Uggie, the Jack Russell terrier who stars as a dog who makes doing it all look like it’s all in a day’s work.”
In making their will win/should win predictions Gazette colleagues T’cha Dunlevy and Bill Brownstein both predict that George Clooney will win for his work in The Descendants but they think  that Jean Dujardin should win for The Artist. And the both predict that The Artist will win Best Picture though they think that The Tree of Life should get the award.
Dunlevy and Brownstein will be live-tweeting the awards, starting at 8:30 ET. You can follow them by clicking here. 
(I’ll follow them, too, while also looking for interesting photos to share with you later.)
(Smaller photo, above: Jean Dujardin, Berenice Bejo and Michel Hazanavicius with one of the six Cesar Awards that their film, The Artist, won at  the 37th Cesar Film Awards on February 24, 2012 in Paris, France.  (Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)
Tags:
