In the second installment of a two-part report, Rose LeBeau ( Teena Marie 's daughter), "General Hospital" alum Aaron Refvem and other young, talented artists discuss the entertainment industry and how actor-singer Robert Davi fuels their motivation
To read the first half of this special report, click here
(February 14, 2012) LOS ANGELES, CA – When actor and recording artist Robert Davi sings Sinatra, not only does romance take a bow, a maturational generation of young performing artists has become imbued with the spirit of the Hollywood icon's bullet-proof allegiance to the arts.
Davi's exalting influence on today's pop culture has grown exponentially due to the continued commercial appeal of such major motion pictures as " Licence to Kill ," " Die Hard ," and " The Goonies ," in addition to the course edge that Davi's characterizations project.
Advertisement
It is that "tough guy" approach to a mountainous slate of memorable performances that seems to charm young actors and recording artists -- from sophomoric, working performers to chart-busting entertainers, like the Jonas Brothers .
In 2008, the man who possesses one of the more identifiable faces in the world, was chosen to play a cameo role in the video " Burnin' Up ," a phenomenally-favored hit single from the Jonas Brothers' third album, titled "A Little Bit Longer." The sole selection lived up to its name by scorching the pop charts, becoming the American band's highest ranking song to date; the video, featuring Davi's authoritative air of confidence, has received nearly 91 million hits to date on YouTube as viewership remains energetic.
Rose LeBeau , the 20-year-old talented daughter of the late, great pioneering R&B legend Teena Marie , said when Davi released in 2011 his debut album, " Davi Sings Sinatra: On the Road to Romance ," his decision to pay universal respect to his mentor, the late Frank Sinatra , and classic music styles has provided incentive for an invigorating, new body of performing artists.
"Everything is inspired by something, or someone," said LeBeau, a songwriter and recording artist, who is currently completing the highly-anticipated album her mother was working on prior to Marie's tragic departure from life in 2010. "Kids seem to not know where things came from, which is something I don't believe in. I think it's smart for Mr. Davi to remind all of us where real good music came from."
Alex Mauricio , a songwriter and singer fresh out of his teens, said the timing of Davi's album release has had a compelling effect on the next generation of performing artists as the line of divergence between adult standards and pop culture becomes increasingly amalgamated.
"Classic music styles birthed the music we have today," said Mauricio, whose pitch-perfect vocal range landed him a top award at the 2011 Celebrity Industry Showcase and Teena Marie Tribute held at the world-famous Catalina Jazz Club in Hollywood. "Everything is derived from jazz and other easy-listening styles. And ultimately, they are making a comeback. Traces can be found in modern artists like [multi-Grammy-winning recording artist] Adele. Real music like this will never go out of style."
Mauricio said he favors Davi's silky rendition of ' Best Is Yet To Come ' because the 1959 tune encourages today's creative and productive youth.
"Not only does Robert Davi deliver a stellar vocal performance on it, but the message is extremely positive," said Mauricio, who aspires to become a "music icon" one day. "As human beings, most days are awesome, and then some just suck. Songs like this are so pleasant and uplifting, you can't help but smile when listening. And they're great for the sucky days."
Those "sucky days," as Mauricio described them, can be a nightmare for many young folks, whose talent extends far beyond bussing tables at fancy restaurants, parking cars for Hollywood celebrities or lending their voice and intellect to telemarketing firms.
Anyone who has ever attempted to break into the competitive entertainment industry can attest to the oft-recurring ebbs of progress, which sometimes have sadly washed away the dreams of many young people with special abilities who are struggling to make a name for themselves.
Many of those who have prospered attribute their success to persistence, fortitude and established role models, like Davi, who have helped peripherally to make their chosen paths to the top an encouraging one.
Prolific child actor and award-winning singer Aaron Refvem , best known for his pivotal role as Morgan on the daytime serial "General Hospital," said it is Davi's versatility and loyalty to the arts that help fuel his motivation.
"His vocal styling is definitely the most inspiring for me because he is smooth when he sings and has such a unique sound. [Davi] is so amazing with his [somewhat] endless film and TV credits," said Refvem, a 14-year-old prodigy who taught himself how to play piano at age five and has already tucked more than 20 TV and film projects under his own expanding belt. "Robert [Davi] is proof if you just keep after your dreams, studying all the different paths, you will be successful."
Refvem, who has a supporting role in the 2011 thriller, " Identical ," opposite Emmy-award-winning actor Ed Asner , said he has learned early on that the more adaptable an artist can become, the easier it is to nail the gig.
"It is very important to learn how to act, sing, dance and play an instrument because many opportunities come along from different skills and having all those skills will give you many more auditions and possible jobs," said Refvem, who is also a professional composer. "You don't ever want to limit the possibilities."
Like Refvem, actor/singer/pianist/dancer/songwriter Sean Yves Lessard refuses to stifle the prospects of his career choices. The star of "Abraham's Desert," an independent film currently in production, said he commends Davi's effort to keep The Great American Songbook alive by perpetuating those classic music styles the historic canon holds unalterably in perpetuity.
"Classic music styles deserve a spot in pop culture because music is about learning and growing from the past," said 23-year-old Lessard, who is a classically-trained artist, like Davi. "It's about recognizing what is beautiful about the music we draw from today. Reviving the classic styles is a way for people to fall in love with loving music all over again. Robert Davi inspires me because at an age when most people in the industry start to slow down and do less, he has taken it upon himself to do more. To keep sharing his art with the world is a beautiful thing."
