Pablo Montero
TV Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses
Pablo Montero (born August 23, 1974) is a popular Mexican singer and actor. Montero was born Oscar Daniel Hernández Rodríguez in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico. From about 2000 to 2003, Montero...
Ricardo Montalbán
Actors & Actresses, TV Actors & Actresses
Ricardo Gonzalo Pedro Montalbán Merino KCSG  is a Mexican television, theatre, and film actor. He has a career spanning decades and multiple notable roles. During the late...
Angélica Vale
TV Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses
Angélica Vale (born Angélica María Vale Hartman on November 11, 1975 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, singer and comedienne, known also as the daughter of Angélica María, "La...
Antonio Sanchez
Musical Artists
Antonio Sánchez (born November 1, 1971) is a Mexican jazz drummer. Antonio Sánchez was born in Mexico City and started playing drums at the age of five. By his teen years he had already...
Ignacio López Tarso
Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, TV Actors & Actresses
Ignacio López Tarso (born Ignacio López López, January 15, 1925) is a Mexican actor of stage, film and television. He is considered as one of the country's finest actors. Ignacio López was...
Lucero
Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, TV Actors & Actresses
For the punk/country band named Lucero, see Lucero (band) Lucero (born Lucero Hogaza León on August 29, 1969), is an actress and singer. She started her career at the age of 10 as Lucerito...
Ximena Sariñana
Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists
Ximena Sariñana Rivera (born October 29, 1985) is a Grammy Award and Latin Grammy nominated Mexican singer-songwriter and actress. Sariñana's musical career was launched in 2008 with the...
Germán Valdés
Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses
Germán Genaro Cipriano Gomez Valdés Castillo (September 19, 1915 - June 29, 1973), better known as Tin-Tan, was an actor, singer and comedian who was born in Mexico City but was raised and...
Thalía
TV Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists
Ariadna Thalía Sodi Miranda, known simply as Thalía (born August 26, 1971) is a Mexican singer and former actress. Her name is linked to soap operas which made her famous. Thalia began her...
Maite Perroni
Musical Artists, TV Actors & Actresses
Maite Perroni Beorlegui (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmaite peˈroni]) (born March 9, 1983) is a Mexican actress and singer/songwriter, who is best known for being a member the popular Latin pop...
José José
Musical Artists
José José (born José Rómulo Sosa Ortiz on February 17th, 1948 in Mexico City, Mexico), also known in the entertainment world as "El Príncipe de la Canción" ("The Prince of the Song") is a...
Danna Paola
TV Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists
Danna Paola Rivera Munguía (born 23 June 1995), better known as Danna Paola, is a Mexican actress and singer. She is best known for playing "Patito" in Atrevete a Soñar. Danna Paola was born...
Dulce María
Musical Artists, TV Actors & Actresses
Dulce María (born Dulce María Espinosa Saviñón, December 6, 1985) known as Dulce Maria, is a Mexican actress, singer, and songwriter. In October 2009 she announced she had signed a contract...
Fey
Musical Artists
Fey (born María Fernanda Blázquez Gil in Mexico City, July 21, 1973), is a Latin Grammy Award-nominated Mexican pop artist that became a pop symbol for her country in the middle of the...
Paulina Rubio
Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, TV Actors & Actresses
Paulina Rubio Dosamantes (born June 17, 1971) is a nominated Grammy and Latin Grammy and six-time winner of Billboard Latin Music Awards Mexican singer and actress. Rubio achieved...
Natalia Lafourcade
Musical Artists
Natalia Lafourcade (born Natalia Lafourcade Silva on 26 February 1984 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Latin Grammy-winning Mexican pop-rock singer and songwriter. Her band's name is Natalia y...
Delia Magana
Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses
Delia Magaña (February 2, 1903 – March 31, 1996) was a Mexican film and television actress, singer, and dancer. Although she started as a silent film actress, Magaña became best known for...
Jaime Camil
TV Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses
Jaime Camil (born Jaime Federico Said Camil de Saldaña da Gama, Mexico City, July 22, 1973) is a Mexican actor, singer and host. The son of a very successful Mexican businessman and ex...
Daniela Romo
TV Actors & Actresses, Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses
Daniela Romo (born August 27, 1959) is a Mexican singer, actress and TV host. Daniela Romo was born Teresita Presmanes Corona in Mexico City to Teresa Corona. Her parents never married, and...
Kuno Becker
Musical Artists, Actors & Actresses, TV Actors & Actresses
Eduardo Kuno Becker Paz (born January 14, 1978) is a Mexican actor who has worked in telenovelas, Mexican cinema and U.S. cinema, but is best known for his portrayal of Ruben Berrizabal in...
