The Falcon Offers a Year of Inspiring Entertainment
The 2012-2013 5-Play Subscription Season begins on August 7, 2012. Burbank, CA – Falcon Theatre Founder, Garry Marshall, is thrilled to announce the Falcon Theatre’s 2012-2013 5-Play Subscription Season. This year, Falcon Theatre’s 11th subscription season offers a marriage of inspiration and entertainment to make you laugh. To kick off the 2012-13 season, Baby Tiger [...]
MARILYN: Forever Blonde STARRING SUNNY THOMPSON
MARILYN: Forever Blonde STARRING SUNNY THOMPSON AT EL PORTAL THEATRE MAINSTAGE AUGUST 2 – 5, 2012 Lipstick Productions in association with El Portal Theatre proudly presents the award-winning and critically acclaimed one woman play with music MARILYN: FOREVER BLONDE starring Sunny Thompson, directed by Stephanie Shine and written by Greg Thompson. The limited five performance [...]
“BLOOD OF MACBETH” @ Zombie Joe’s Underground Theatre Group
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Zombie Joe’s Underground Theatre Group 4850 Lankershim Blvd., North Hollywood, CA 91601 Reservation Hotline: (818) 202 – 4120 www.ZombieJoes.com BLOOD OF MACBETH. Zombie Joe’s Underground Theatre Group celebrates their 20th anniversary season with their high-impact, post-apocalyptic, re-imagined Shakespearean spectacular, steeped deep in greed, ambition, magic, and murder. Directed by Josh T. Ryan. SATURDAYS @ [...]
6.25.12: The Final Daily FringeMeter
Here is a final snapshot from our FringeMeter. Be sure to check out our FringeReviews as well, thoughts from the professional critics. We’ll be doing a roundup of LemonMeter vs. FringeMeter for the Fringe shows very soon. It’s always a very interesting and enlightening analysis between what the “community” liked and what the “critics” liked. [...]
Fringe Review: The Black Glass
The Black Glass is a dark poetic story of greed and moral corruption, written and directed with sharp skill by Guy Zimmerman.  Donald Bentham is being blackmailed on the night before his promotion, in return for becoming the CEO, he must offer his daughter up to a very sinister Thomas McGivern. While the setting is [...]
Fringe Review: Mission to Mate
Three short plays, three opportunities to explore a different couple coming together Colin Mitchell’s comic drama Mission to Mate.  Each short play has a different take, and a different hook, but displays Mitchell’s ability to paint image with words, with a strong cast of Alla Poberesky and Michael Sanchez playing multiple roles. Twinkle in Your [...]
Fringe Reviews: Cycles
“Cycles” by Robert Litz is a well acted, sharply directed and crisply written piece that only suffers from a decidedly forced plot point inflicted on the work by the playwright in an needless effort to crank up the drama as the piece rounds into home stretch. Litz might have pulled it off but for the [...]
And the Fringe Show Nominees Are…
THE BITTER LEMONS AWARD NOMINEES: BLOAT (Bitter Lemons Outrageous Award for Theatre) That Beautiful Laugh Button Wagon Red Bastard BLAFF (Bitter Lemons Award for Family Faire) That Beautiful Laugh Button Wagon GumshoeMcMonocle and the Strange Case of Rumpelsomething THE FREAK AWARD NOMINEES Top of the Fringe Button Wagon Doomsday Cabaret! A Rock Musical of Apocalyptic [...]
Fringe Reviews: The Omnipresent Puppet Theater’s “Gumshoe McMonocle and the Strange Case of Rumpelsomething”
The Omnipresent Puppet Theater’s production of “Gumshoe McMonocle and the Strange Case of Rumpelsomething” is a throw back. Hand puppets, the real primitive sort, not the ones where the eyes roll and nose wrinkles, we’re talking sock-puppets. The stage, the “puppet stage” looks like Uncle Ralph built it for you in his garage one afternoon weekend; and the [...]
Fringe Reviews: CYCLES rides past expectations
Cycles, written by Robert Litz and directed by Stefan Lysenko, starts with a simple picture: two mismatched exercise bicycles talked over by two mismatched men, Jake and Buzz.  They give small talk and chit chat, switching so quickly to intimate details and personal information, one has to question if Jake and Buzz knew each other [...]
6.23.12: The Daily FringeMeter
Our daily snapshot from the Fringemeter. Check out our FringeReviews as well. Two more days! Hollywood Fringe Festival 2012 Rankings   VOICES IN MY HEAD: A LIFE — 100% Sweet VOICES IN MY HEAD: A LIFE is a darkly comic coming-of-age story in the shadowy world of electronic imagery. Travel the bent roads of a media-mad nation with BILL RATNER – the [...]
Fringe Review: Anaconda
Anaconda, written and directed by Sarah Doyle, starts out promising enough, with a very intriguing hook, but, ultimately fails to gain traction.  Matty Buttiker, played by Martin Dingle Wall, is a criminal defense attorney who takes on a pro bono murder case to help a man from his past.  Buttiker is trying to make amends [...]
Fringe Review: Voices in My Head
You have heard Bill Ratner’s voice before.  Somewhere.  Some time.  You have heard it.  For me, he is a voice from my childhood.  He was the voice of Flint, one of the leaders of GI Joe (and to be frank, far cooler than Duke.)  So, at first, it was hard for me to shake those [...]
6.22.12: The Daily FringeMeter
Today’s snapshot from our FringeMeter. Apologies for duplications, this is still a work in progress. Also, be sure to see what the professional critics are saying at FringeReviews. Hollywood Fringe Festival 2012 Rankings   VOICES IN MY HEAD: A LIFE — 100% Sweet VOICES IN MY HEAD: A LIFE is a darkly comic coming-of-age story in the shadowy world [...]
6.21.12: The Daily FringeMeter
Here’s today’s snapshot from our FringeMeter. Apologies for the duplicates, this is still a work in progress. Be sure to check out what the professional critics are saying at FringeReviews. Hollywood Fringe Festival 2012 Rankings   VOICES IN MY HEAD: A LIFE — 100% Sweet VOICES IN MY HEAD: A LIFE is a darkly comic coming-of-age story in the [...]
