Voice Over Talents and Voice Producers: Register FREE
Find   Voices & Manage Your Castings - Free!
Voice123 is a free online casting provider, voice marketplace, and the largest directory of voice talents and voice producers. 221,990 industry professionals & 3,137,594 auditions and proposals as of today.
Post a        Project
Find the perfect voice for your project
Voice123 is the biggest and most technologically   advanced group of voice over talents and voice producers ever to   exist. Whether you want a local voice talent for your next national TV   commercial or a fully produced piece of audio in Japanese for your   phone system in Japan, Voice123 has it. Voice123 allows you to hire directly and within budget thousands of voice over   talent and voice producers from all over the world: in every union (or   non-union), every language, and every accent.
How does it work?
You post a project including the custom script you     want voice talents to record for you for the audition.
You invite talents by yourself or let Voice123 do     it for you. You can invite any person by simply sending a link and     verification code.
Talents submit their audition using our     state-of-the-art online auditioning system.
You manage the auditions as you wish grading them,     sharing them, downloading them, storing them, and much more!
A few Voice123 Clients
Is Voice123 for you?
You bet it is. Anybody looking for a voice producer or a professional voice can take advantage of Voice123: agents, producers, film makers, publishers, corporations, casting directors, advertising agencies, translation agencies, game developers, phone system providers, dubbing specialists, web designers, podcasters, students, etc. (a.k.a. "Voice Seekers"). Give us a try! Voice123 is free for you. You've got nothing to lose!
"Voice123 should be rated as the most functional and useful sites on the ENTIRE internet. No joke. I was able to submit a script, get back 8 auditions and select the voice over talent in less than 2 hours. I will NEVER use anyone else but Voice123."
Robert Walker
