A :: #101 – 1610 Pan­dora Street
Van­cou­ver, BC V5L 1L6
Con­nect with the Community
What Peo­ple Are Saying
Tes­ti­mo­ni­als from the Indus­try Pro­fes­sion­als who work with us
Matthew is a tal­ented coach… with great instinct and with the nat­ural dis­cre­tion and tim­ing that is so essen­tial work­ing on set. I know I ben­e­fit­ted from his abil­ity and under­stand­ing in all these areas. I should also like to add he’s great fun to hang out with and I look for­ward to work­ing with him again.
— Rufus Sewell, Actor
Thank you for intro­duc­ing me to the Actor’s Foundry – I love what you are doing and teach­ing there. I really think it’s an excit­ing idea and exactly what should be hap­pen­ing in Van­cou­ver. The bet­ter we get at what we do, the more it’s worth in dol­lars and sense.
— Anne Wheeler, Direc­tor
I have been an agent for over six years and I’ve had the plea­sure of work­ing with Matthew in var­i­ous capac­i­ties. I refer clients in dif­fer­ent stages of their careers to learn and coach with Matthew often because of the com­fort­able and unique learn­ing envi­ron­ment he pro­vides and because of the results that are pro­duced. The response from my actors and actresses alike is always pos­i­tive and they always look for­ward to con­tin­u­ing their train­ing with him.
— Lena Lees, Tal­ent Agent – Play Management
I have so much respect for what Matthew and the Actor’s Foundry are doing — they are con­sum­mate pro­fes­sion­als who give the actors extra­or­di­nary train­ing and and expe­ri­ence. I was wowed by what I saw, and really look for­ward to com­ing back to the Actor’s Foundry again…it’s an amaz­ing train­ing ground for any seri­ous Artist.
— Lisa Beach, Cast­ing Direc­tor
The Actor’s Foundry is a tremen­dous fer­tile envi­ron­ment for actors of all lev­els. Matthew and Jeb suc­ceed in bridg­ing the craft and busi­ness of act­ing, mak­ing the big pic­ture eas­ier to see. I will con­tinue to rec­om­mend Actors Foundry to any­one inter­ested in doing some­thing inspir­ing for their careers.
— Gary Har­vey, Film and TV Direc­tor
Matthew is the best in the city and is highly regarded by all in the film indus­try. Many of my actors train and coach with him and the results have always been extremely pos­i­tive.”
— Natasha Trisko, Tal­ent Agent
“Matthew’s coach­ing has played an impor­tant part in the devel­op­ment of my career. He’s a mas­ter at script analy­sis and has the uncanny abil­ity to uncover the true mean­ing beneath the text. Team that with his under­stand­ing of the human psy­che and his pas­sion to give his stu­dents the tools they need to give their best per­for­mance is unmatched. and that’s why I keep going back.”
— Colby Johann­son, Actor
The Actor’s Foundry has a ter­rific pro­fes­sional pro­gram. It’s reas­sur­ing to know that Van­cou­ver has such a nur­tur­ing place for actors to grow in their craft.
— Paul Weber, MGM Head of Cast­ing
I have worked pri­vately with Matthew on sev­eral projects and he is truly a mas­ter of the text. He knows how to break down every speech and scene and make it work best for you.
— Cobie Smul­ders, Actor
He has a mas­ter­ful knowl­edge of the craft. Matthew has the intel­lect and insight to push you to the next level and get you work­ing.
— Bran­don J. McLaren, Actor
“Matthew has given me the tools and knowl­edge to con­fi­dently go out and tackle my career. His love for teach­ing, along with his pas­sion and skill for this craft, is absolutely inspi­ra­tional. I have found the Actor’s Foundry to be a place each actor can call their own. Matthew has inspired me not only as an actress but as a per­son, to chase after my dreams, believe in myself, and succeed.”
— Tracy Spiri­dakos, Actor
Work was good, but I needed to push my poten­tial in audi­tions. Matthew took me to the lim­its of my under­stand­ing of story and text. Like magic, he clearly and artic­u­lately spells out script analy­sis, see­ing things oth­ers don’t, and then unblocks your per­sonal walls so you hurl your­self into your scenes.
— Christo­pher Shyer, Actor
A pas­sion­ate teacher, Matthew’s ener­getic style chal­lenges his stu­dents to take risks, pro­vok­ing strong choices that trans­late into well rounded and empow­ered work.
— Can­dice Elzinga, Cast­ing Direc­tor
Map & Directions
: @actorsfoundry
Lat­est Tweets
