Sammul Chan Kin Fung Cute Hong Kong Actor
Sammul Chan Kin Fung is a Hong Kong TVB Actor with more than 10 years experienced acting. Sammul Chan was a DJ in 1997 before debuted in his new series "Side Beat" in 1999. Nowadays, Sammul Chan is a top TVB actor, always cast as a lead actor in several popular dramas.
Very busy in acting, Sammul Chan can involved in 3 series in a year. His latest dramas including Schemes of a Beauty , The Comeback Family , and Hongwu 32.
Sammul Chan Debut
Chan debuted in 1997 as a DJ for Metro Broadcast Corporation Limited under his birth name, although most of the time he was simply referred to and credited as simply "Sammul". From 1997 to 1999, he has signed with three record labels to release albums, but all were not successful. He record a full-length Mandarin album in Taiwan, but the label failed.
In 1999, after signing a management contract with Ivy Entertainment and a filming contract with TVB, he began to officially use the Chinese stage name Chan Kin-fung and began filming television dramas. He later gained recognition as the ambitious young lawyer Vincent in the 2003 TVB drama Survivor's Law and received further popularity through his role as Donald in Triumph in the Skies, a ratings hit.
Sammul Chan Has Not Dated for 4 Years
Currently busily filming Hong Wu Thirty-Two <洪武三十二> with Joe Ma Tak Chung, Michael Tse Tin Wah, and Elanne Kong Yeuk Lam, Sammul Chan Kin Fung said that he had to sacrifice other money-making opportunities this summer.
Sammul estimated that he lost a seven figure income due to his filming for Hong Wu Thirty-Two. He spoke about his painful loss, “It’s difficult to have it all. If I earn the money, I would not be able to film a good drama. Life is always about compromise!”
Was money or fame more important? Sammul said, “It’s hard to answer. I want everything; I want my youth and health!” What about love? “I want that too. I have not dated in the last three or four years and feel very dry!”
Ruby Lin Massages a Semi-Naked Sammul Chan
Sammul Chan Kin Fung and Ruby Lin Sum Yu appeared in a press conference for their new television series, Scheming Beauty <美人心計> in Taipei. Although it was the pair’s first onscreen collaboration, Ruby praised Sammul as a cheerful partner. Sammul noted that although Ruby was a big star, she was a very down-to-earth person.
Scheming Beauty’s story was set amidst the Han Dynasty and revolved around the story of Emperor Wen. In the series, various palace ladies fight for higher position and their husband’s fortunes. The women will hold numerous rivalries as their beauty and wits are pitted against each other.
To highlight Sammul and Ruby’s love for each other in Scheming Beauty, the director arranged for numerous bed schemes between the couple. In one scene, Sammul stripped down to reveal his naked chest, while Ruby applies oil and massages him. Ruby said, “This is the first time I have massaged a man!” Sammul said frankly that he enjoyed being massaged. He praised Ruby for having wonderful massage skills and “It was really enjoyable!”
Is Sammul Chan is a gay ?
Recently Sammul Chan was reported by a magazine having tea with a "gay close friend". He couldn't be bothered to explain about the matter and said if it was like how the reports claimed he wouldn't have sat near the entrance to be captured. Due to being used to the rumours he didn't get mad but is worried that the reports will affect his friend's work during this financial crisis period. Many of his friends have stated that they will currently not meet up with him so due to this he will become a nerd (宅男).
Sammul Chan Speaks Directly: I am not gay!
Metro Radio held its Childrens Song Awards Ceremony yesterday, attended by Nancy Sit, Sammul Chan, Bosco Wong, Matthew Ko, Don Li and Mandy Chiang.
With the recent magazine reports making allegations that numerous male celebrities have been engaging in secret homosexual affairs, there has been a lot of media attention to this news, especially as the man at the centre of the scandal Walter Hau is considering legal action against the magazine. Among those who are alleged to be involved in this ring is Sammul and faced with the press yesterday, he made the following statement: "I must strongly point out that this report is false and untruthful and without proper investigation and evidence, they have printed an irresponsible report. I should not have to talk about my private affairs in public, but for this to happen again and again then it severely affects artistes." Clearly Sammul was prepared for this and he says that since the reports broke, his friends have been very concerned about him and his fans have told him on the net not to worry. He says: "I have not been unhappy and I can say very clearly that I, Sammul Chan, am not a homosexual. (Will you be supporting Walter's legal action?) Yes, I will support him because the reports were very disrespectful and intrusive, without any investigation into the truth or accuracy. He is also a victim and I have only seen him at a PR event earlier on in the year. (Do you mind being called gay?) No, I respect other people's sexual orientations, but I do mind about the way they reported because the readers are unclear and will take it as the reality."
Sammul also indicates that despite interviewing him with two pages of questions, they only actually published three lines about him in the article and a large picture in the middle. This is far too manipulative and even for showbiz gossip you cannot go too far. Asked if he will be taking legal action, he says: "I will see whether they do anything more. (Are you worried about this affecting your image?) This is why I have to make things clear, if any viewers ask me about this, I will explain myself directly. (If you have a girlfriend in future, will you bring her out to confirm your sexual preferences?) Not intentionally. After entering showbiz, I have dated people from within and outside the industry and been spotted by the press, but they just didn't report it."
Sammul Chan's pay in filming Chinese Mainland series is 3 times more than in TVB
After Sammul Chan has finished filming TVB series, he went out and made some real money. Regarding the rumor outside that said he's "unkindly" treated by TVB, he declined to elaborate on that more. He only expressed that he has some Chinese Mainland series to film, and the pay is much better compared with the one in TVB, and whenever he filmed a TVB series, he only had 2-3 hours of sleep daily at the most, as everyone already started to work early in the morning, came back home very late, and after taking a bath, they all had to work again right away. But whenever he films a Chinese Mainland series, there is ample allotted rest time, and he said, "Besides the good pay, the most important thing in filming a Chinese Mainland series is I can work with different directors and actors, and it really opens my horizons." Even though Sammul didn't reveal how much he earns per episode in China, but it is heard from the film crew of the Chinese Mainland series that he's currently filming, [Yan Yu Xie Yang], that Sammul's pay per episode is about 70,000 RMB, and it is 3 times higher than his pay in TVB.
Sammul Chan Profile
Name: 陳鍵鋒 (陈键锋) / Chan Kin Fung (Chen Jian Feng)
English name: Sammul Chan
Real name: 陈恩耀 / Chan Yan Yiu (Chen En Yao)
Also known as: 鋒仔 (Fung Jai) / 阿苗 (Ah Miu)
Profession: Actor and singer
