January 5, 2010, 6:21 am
Luke Irons
This month, T celebrates the Nifty 50 : America’s up-and-coming talent.
Related
Read more of the Nifty 50
“I’m country to the bone. I love some grass” — as in sod — drawls Boyd Holbrook over pre-Christmas tea and cake. That’s certainly not the first impression one would get perusing Holbrook’s modeling portfolio, which is thick with tears of slick editorials and ads, including the Dior Homme exclusive, shot by Hedi Slimane, which kick-started Holbrook’s career and turned a theater carpenter from Kentucky coal country into fashion’s favored Adonis.
But that’s all in the past. Forget the model-slash moniker: this lanky, flaxen-haired looker has moved on — and in no small way. After sending a script he had written to the director Gus Van Sant, Holbrook was tapped for a part in the Oscar-winning “Milk.” While he has not given up writing (Holbrook’s at work on another screenplay with his best friend, Jamie Strachan), Holbrook, a trained actor and filmmaker, is spending a lot of time practicing his art, filming a TV series, “Tough Trade,” about a cross-generational country music dynasty produced by T-Bone Burnett, and playing the male lead in an adaptation of Jean Cocteau’s “Les Enfants Terribles,” directed by Jean-Stéphane Sauvaire of “Johnny Mad Dog” fame.
Somehow Holbrook has also found time to exhibit his artwork — and we’re not talking about doodles crafted while in hair and makeup. Holbrook exhibited lifelike sculptures of Judas Iscariot and Jesus Christ (the latter in a bubble bath made of driftwood Holbrook collected on Staten Island) in New York in 2008 and, more recently, huge trees made of coal that he drove from Kentucky to his studio in Bushwick.
Modeling was Holbrook’s golden ticket, his entrée to the big city. “I came here to be a writer,” he says, “and I was pretty determined that I wasn’t going to let the city beat me.” That Holbrook was able to make the $1,000 he arrived with last eight months is but one example of why he survived. Holbrook has no regrets about his modeling past, but his focus is set on acting and sculpture. “Hopefully the work I’ll do in the future will have more meaning for people,” he says.
