'Hugo,' 'The Artist' lead Oscar nominations - CNN
'Hugo,' 'The Artist' lead Oscar nominations
Share this on:
January 24, 2012|By Alan Duke, CNN
And the Oscar nominees are...
Martin Scorsese's "Hugo," with 11 Academy Award nominations, and Golden Globe winner "The Artist," with 10, lead the list of best picture Oscar contenders announced Tuesday.
Brad Pitt and George Clooney will face off in the best actor category at the Oscars next month, with Pitt's "Moneyball" contending for six awards and Clooney's "The Descendants" up for five. Both films were also nominated for best picture.
Other best picture nominees include Steven Spielberg's "War Horse," nominated in six categories; Woody Allen's "Midnight in Paris," up for four Oscars; "The Help," with four nominations; "The Tree of Life" with three; and "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close," competing in two categories.
Advertisement
Meryl Streep's performance as former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "The Iron Lady" earned her a best actress nomination, as did Michelle Williams' role as movie legend Marilyn Monroe in "My Week With Marilyn."
Both women won Golden Globe acting honors last week, but Streep was competing in the drama film category, while Williams was in the comedy competition.
"I am honored to be in company with such beautiful artists, and touched deeply by my fellow actors for their generosity in giving me this acknowledgment," Streep said Tuesday.
The academy also nominated Viola Davis for best actress for her portrayal of a civil rights-era maid in "The Help" as well as Glenn Close, who played a woman passing as a 19th-century man in "Albert Nobbs," and Rooney Mara for her title role in "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo."
Competing against Pitt and Clooney for best actor are "The Artist" star Jean Dujardin, Demián Bichir in "A Better Life" and Gary Oldman for "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy."
Christopher Plummer, who won the best supporting actor Golden Globe last week for "Beginners," picked up a supporting actor Oscar nod for that film.
Other best supporting actor nominees include "Moneyball" co-star Jonah Hill, Nick Nolte in "Warrior," Kenneth Branagh in "My Week With Marilyn" and Max von Sydow in "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close."
Golden Globe supporting actress winner Octavia Spencer from "The Help" is nominated for the best supporting actress Oscar, along with co-star Jessica Chastain. "The Artist" actress Berenice Bejo, Melissa McCarthy in "Bridesmaids" and Janet McTeer in "Albert Nobbs" are also nominated.
"I'm overjoyed and filled with happiness," Bejo said. "I can't believe that a year ago I was learning how to tap dance and today I am nominated for an Academy Award."
1
