Position Available Hudson Valley NY
Party 934 and 94.9 FM, Hudson Valley New York is a community radio station that broadcasts from all over the world. Each person on the air is located in a different part of the world, broadcasting live to the Internet. Our FM stream, owned and operated by one of our underwriters, simulcasts our Internet stream 24/7/365. Currently, over one hundred on-air personalities host shows ranging from talk, hip hop, R&B, jazz, electronica, folk, blues, world, and much more.
We are looking for a talented, personality-driven, forward-thinking on-air personality who is interested in speaking about the issues they feel are important or playing the music they are passionate about. Since Party 934 is not a "formatted" radio station, personalities are afforded the opportunity to be as diverse as they'd like on the air. In fact, some of our programs feature multiple genres during their show, while others focus on one or two related genres. We encourage our personalities to be different and to engage their audience through their live radio program.
The responsibilities associated with this position is an inherent interested in mass communications/radio and the programming and live presentation of an exciting, entertaining, and informative radio program.
As a community radio station, we feel all shows should be focused on the personality's community, wherever that be. Applicants should be familiar and comfortable with community events, meet and greets, parties, non-profit groups, charitable organizations, etc.
A brief note about content restrictions: We do not permit the broadcasting of top 40 music as we feel our mainstream society perpetuates enough of that format. We also do not accept programs where vulgarity or profanity is used. More information about content restrictions will be discussed during the telephone interview.
If you are interested in this position, please send a cover letter and resume to the above-listed address with the subject line: "On Air Position." Please send your documents in PDF format (preferred) or DOC format.
Recruiting process:
1) Consideration of resume/CV and cover letter;
2) Completion of Program Proposal;
3) Telephone interview;
