Best actor working today in cinema. Put him in the top ten by any means necessary.
aman28
Pound for Pound, the Best. The Maestro. I think that anyone who leaves this guy out of the top ten needs some serious movie therapy. The man has never turned in a lackluster performance. Three Oscar wins, very impressive method actor. It is very difficult to choose his best role, but I am going to go out on a limb here. #1- Daniel Plainview, There Will Be Blood #2- Christy Brown, My Left Foot. Bottom line, he is good in everything.
zacenroe86
How is this guy not further up? It amazes me. Most of the people on this list are here because they are good looking and cause people don't have a clue what good acting is...
More comments about Daniel Day Lewis
40James Caviezel
How can you not love Jesus? My name is Dustin Bible and think it is a grave injustice that Caviezel is ranked so low. Just you guys wait his new show is coming out and he will show you how talented he is. I think he is the most underrated actor of his time. I mean come on vote for the man.
The Count, The Christ, need I say more.... well, okay, My Own Private Idaho, Frequency, The Thin Red Line, born 1 hour from where I live..... a SOLID guy, ALL-AMERICAN MAN, and it helps that he's so nice to look at!
41Kevin Spacey
He brings it in every film. Some of my favorites that hasn't been mention is the negotiatoe and k-pax but love everything he does
He is pretty underrated. Never the first actor you think of, but he's been in so many great movies and have had many extremely amazing performances.
dark2025
American Beauty, The Usual Suspects, LA Confidential, Swimming With Sharks, and ,without a doubt the most fascinating role of his, John Doe in Se7en
aman28
More comments about Kevin Spacey
42Christian Bale
Watch the fighter, American Psycho and The Machinist. Now I dare you to say he isn't a good actor. Should definitely be in top 15 at minimum. I like Johnny Depp but the guy is getting really overrated.
Not the absolute best but should be in Top 10. not sure why depp made it ahead of legends like Gary Oldman, Daniel Day Lewis, Marlon Brando, Russel Crowe and Robert De Niro. These guys could easily make the top 5. Depp is overrated. In terms of talent, I consider him to be on the same level as Christian Bale and Leornardo Dicaprio and seeing him very far ahead is just stupid enough I wanna shoot myself. Also there's a lot of Indian actors. I never seen any of their movies so can't say much about them either. But I'm sure Christian Bale kicks pretty much a whole junk of their cartoonish ass.
The master of accents and physical transformation. One of the few who can do art films all the way to comic book movies convincingly.
More comments about Christian Bale
43Robert Pattinson
He is very wonderful, funny, handsome, and as his music as his acting are very very well. Why does not like he? He is so... Perfect. I like him so much. Good job!
I LOVE ROBERT PATTINSON! I LOVE THE TWILIGHT MOVIES! THEY ARE THE BEST MOVIES IN THE WHOLE WORLD! I ALSO LOVE REMEMBER ME AND WATER FOR ELEPHANTS AND WHEN HE WAS ON HARRY POTTER! THOSE ARE THE BEST MOVIES IN THE WORLD! I WISH THE TWILIGHT SAGA DIDN'T HAVE TO END SOON! ANY WAY PLEASE VOTE FOR ROBERT PATTINSON! COME ON I KNOW YOU GUYS WANT TO PRESS THAT BUTTON OVER THERE TO VOTE FOR HIM!
he is simply amazing. I've seen so many movies with him in them. # 1 without question! Love him so much
More comments about Robert Pattinson
44Nicholas Cage
One the most versatile actors of all time johnny depp is versatile but no where near as much as nicolas cage who is unafraid of any role although some times in the wrong movie he makes the film that much more watchable
A classic actor. The expressions on his face truly reveal his great acting skills. He has made phenomenal contributions in Movies like Knowing, Con Air, National Treasure, etc. Nicolas just rocks!
Should be in number 1 position in my opinion. Incredibly talented and versatile actor. He puts his heart and soul into every character he portrays. I admire this guy so much, not to mention he is absolutely gorgeous. Where would we be without movies such as Raising Arizona, Leaving Las Vegas, Lord of War, The Rock, Face off, Adaptation, Matchstick men, just too many to list! I hope he continues making movies for a long time yet.
More comments about Nicholas Cage
45Jake Gyllenhaal
He is really awesome. I think he is one of the best actors ever: Donnie Darko, Jarhead, the good girl, the day after tomorrow (sorry, haven't seen the whole Brokeback Mountain movie) - he convinces!
Cranberry20
The best young actor around today. His acting skills are incredible for his young age.
46Clint Eastwood
+7Clint Eastwood is perhaps the only actor I have seen who can capture such inspiration just by shifting his eyes and not having to say a word.
+5Clint would say nothing and yet catch your eye and of course the camera.
Clint Eastwod is an actor that can make a slight movement or grunt that speaks a thousand words. He is an icon in producing and directing as well.
More comments about Clint Eastwood
47Bruce Willis
He adds humor, suspense, and good looks to any movie that he is in.
This man has got to be the new Chuck Norris. After seeing Die Hard 4 that is...
TKDCats312
I always adore Bruce and Denzel, as Denzel is up high there, and Bruce here?
he may not won an Oscar or what, but he is a GREAT actor, period!
he is a versatile actor, see him in Pulp fiction, The sixth sense, Die hard or The whole nine yards? all exceptional!
he maynot be top 10, but he come easily as top 20! Cmon he is great! I LOVE die hard!
mesh13
More comments about Bruce Willis
48Harrison Ford
Oh my gosh! how can this guy not be number one he has the best face expression ever he is so cool I think he is the best actor in history I think that Harrison ford should be tied at number one with Sean Connery
Harrison Ford is a way better actor by far than anybody called Joseph Vijay. Whoever this guy is does he have 40 years acting expirience? Has he starred in some of the greatest movie series' of all time like Indiana Jones, Star Wars, or the Jack Ryan series? I don't think so.
BKAllmighty
In Indiana Jones, he can't be better.
amyhenry
More comments about Harrison Ford
49Mel Gibson
WOT A GREAT ACTOR!! a joy to watch and is great in every role
He is the Michael Jordan of movies.
Baltimore1993
One of the best actor and directors in hollywood, I don't mind to watch apocalypto the whole day.
More comments about Mel Gibson
50Salman Khan
Great human being and superstar of Bollywood. He is famous for action hero and body. We can say, he is now king of king in indian cinema. Laugh out loud>>>>>
SALMAN IS THE BIGGEST MASS FAN FOLLOWING HERO IN iNDIA AND ASLO IN ASIA. HIS CONNECT TO THE PEOPLE IS AMAZING. HE IS THE ONLY HERO WHO SPEND 50~~ OF HIS MONEY TO PEOPLE THROUGH IS CHARTY "BEING HUMAN". AND THIS IS BIGGEST CHARTY IN INDIA RUN BY AN INDIVIDUAL.
HE IS THE BOX-OFFICE BLOCK BUSTER HERO, EVER IN INDIA, HE IS KNOWN FOR HIS HANDSOME LOOKS, EXCELLENT PHYSIC AND WITH AWESOME MANNERISM. CURRENTLY HE IS THE BIGGEST HERO IN ASIA, WHO TAKES REMUNARATION OVER 50 CRORES FOR A FILM.
OUT OF TOP 6 HIGH COLLECTED MOVIES 3 ARE OF HIS OWN.
I THINK THE PERSON WHO RATED THIS IS A BIG FOOL AND AND NOT EVEN KNOW ABOUT SALMAN
IN INDIA, SALMAN WAS CALLED SALLU BHAI, IT MEANS BROTHER TO ALL THIS FANS.
HE IS SIMPLY SUPER MAN OF INDIA.
A great great great great great great great great great great fantastic spectacular humungus actor in the world don't argue he is the best in the world so amazing
More comments about Salman Khan
51Sean Penn
+1An incredible and amazing actor!The best!
this is ridiculous, sean penn belongs in the top three, and with pacino and nicholson
This top ten list sickens me with horrible mainstream actors that attract the public for their looks such as Robert Pattinson can pass the superb acting of Sean Penn who has won the most oscars for a leading role and all the emotions he puts into the films which revolve around him
52Dr Rajkumar
I THINK ANNAVRU IS THE FIRST PERSON TO HIGHLIGHT THE NAMES OF THE FANS IN THE INTENTION THAT FANS ARE THE FEEDER OF THE CELEBRITIES SUPERSTARS BY TELLING THE GOLDEN WORD "ABHIMAANI DHEVRU"WAH WAH HATES OFF TO DR. RAJKUMAR I THINK NO HAVE GUTS TO BEAT RAJKUMAR AT PRESENT HE MAY NOT HAVING THE FANS BUT HE HAS WON THE HEART OF ABHIMAANI DHEVRU HE IS NUMBER.1 ACTOR IN SOUTH INDIAN FILM HISTORY SOMEBODY ACT CAN LIKE RAJNIKANTH OR ACT N DANCE LIKE VIJAY BUT NOBODY IN THE FILM INDUSTRY CAN ACT LIKE DR. RAJKUMAR THE RAJA OF SOUTH INDIAN FILM INDUSTRY DR. KUMARS FACIAL REACTIONS AND IMMORTAL LEGENDARY ACTING ABBAH ANNAVRGE ANNAVRE SAATI
'RAJ KUMAR' the name only says raja means king of all kings. he is the only actor who has pure heart. there are millions of fans in the india who see's and treats him as GOD. we should be greatful to be KANNADIGAS
one of the main reason that iam proud to be a kannadiga is the legend "NATASARVABHAUMA", Dr Rajkumar.
More comments about Dr Rajkumar
53Sylvester Stallone
Stallone deserves to be 1 at least. I mean Rocky the best movie I ever saw and Sylvester Stallone is the only reason why it's good, I mean Johnny depp is crap and so far Sylvester Stallone is the only one good enough to be number 1.
the way he does Rocky Balboa is so amazing and realistic!
The most life like actor of all time, he dose his films like no one else, he really sets the bark as one of the greats
More comments about Sylvester Stallone
54Jackie Chan
+10He is master of martial arts best actor
cocowater
+5Chan is known as one of the greatest stunt actor of all-time. The sheer danger of the moves he employs are evidenced by the amount of injuries he has incurred. Chan broke his skull on the set of Armour of God, and has broken the majority of fingers in his hand. Further, he has also broken his nose, both cheekbones, jaw, hips, sternum, neck, toes, and ankle.
He holds the Guinness World Record for Most Stunts By A Living Actor
+2A great kung fu master in films, great comedy fighter or actor, singer, dangers stunts man. He is real fighter. I thought jackie chan is only actor who done most risky moves and stunt in all his movies... Hades off him. I really like him
More comments about Jackie Chan
55Robert Duvall
A pleasure in every role he's had, and worthy of the title "actor".
Will Smith? Robert Pattinson? Bruce Lee? Eddie Murphy? Adam Sandler? Really? Duvall is everyman. Enough said.
Are we forgetting his amazing performance in The Godfather, Apocalypse Now and the role that won him his first and what would appear to be his only academy award Tender Mercies? He is so diverse with his acting.
More comments about Robert Duvall
56Sean Connery
Sean should definitely be higher on the list!  Not only the Best Bond, he  also is a powerful performer! The Untouchables, The Rock, Medicine Man, Finding Forrester just to name a few!
57Jason Statham
Snatch, Lock stock and two smocking barrels, and the hilerious performance as the monk in Mean machine. That's why he is best
He isn't a very good actor, he doesn't experiment, and other than Revolver he sticks to safe films. But I think he is amazing, he doesn't try to be anything he's not and has a very good sense of humour.
OK, I don't think I need to write anymore then this: Deathrace, Hitman, Transporter 2, The Mechanic
58Matt Damon
Matt Damon's obviously one of the best actors ever! His movies are so great, well picked and his acting is very believable
It's worth watching all of his movies. It all has good stories and his acting is so GREAT! Plus the fact that he's a gorgeous good-looking man! Aw! My husband hates him...
Matt Damon should be on the top 10 right now! he is an extremely talented actor and is very cute too. ive seen so many movies with him in them and i havent disliked any one of them! u go Matt!
biac000
More comments about Matt Damon
59Tupac Shakur
Tupac was so underrated, he can perform in those Oscar winning movies, if he was still alive he would have definitely won an Oscar or at least a nomination
Tupac Shakur was definitely a great actor, if he was alive today he still would've continued making movies, and eventually probably end getting nominated for an Oscar, but some idiot had to shoot him and waste all that talent. He made a lot of great movies, were he has played some great parts, he is also a very talented Rapper and Dancer
He is a very underrated actor, he can act anything really good
roblist
More comments about Tupac Shakur
60Hrithik Roshan
I love Rittik. I want to kiss you my sweet hottest sexy actor in the world.
He is hottest hunk in this complete world
I am totally in love with his body
He acts good
Ohh Hrithik is the best he can't be no. 65... He must be there in the top 10... Watch his movies he has done a wonderful job... He is a real actor..
More comments about Hrithik Roshan
61Keanu Reeves
Quite good acting and good looking, teehee. He deserves to be higher up on this list.
Keanu Reeves, despite his sad life, will always be as somebody who knows how
To care and love truly. He just doesn't accept movies for the heck of it but
Chooses the best script for him. HE IS THE ONE!
Best as Neo I love all his roles and movies, He has that New Born Child look every time.
62Bruce Lee
+4He was not only a good actor he inspired a whole race to start following their dreams. He was also an amazing martial artist.
fimbulwinter
The strongest there was, no one could beat this man. I mean just pure amazing all his stunts were real.
Acting since he was six years old and believable in every scene. He did not want to be known as a "Kung Fu superstar" but wanted to be remembered as an actor. OK he is the greatest film fighter and was the greatest real life fighter but all his characters are believable in terms of body language and speech delivery. Just think about it the next time you watch a Bruce Lee film and compare how much you believe the characters he plays to the characters in this list
63Dustin Hoffman
What on earth is dustin hoffman doing so low down here? should at least be in the top 10. who can forget midnight cowboy?
I think Dustin Hoffman is the best actor ever! He is so versatile that it never stops impressing people
Gotta love Dustin, he's my number one. Whatever movie this guy appears in, it's a good one.
More comments about Dustin Hoffman
64Liam Neeson
Ok, Philadelphia was a great movie, but HOW ON EARTH did Liam Neeson NOT get the Oscar for Best Actor in a Leading Role for Schindler's List?
Liam Neeson's performance as Michael Collins was also outstanding - just watch old footage to see how much he looks and sounds like the real M. Collins.
Gangs of New-York, Seraphim Falls, Rob Roy... He always excels in his roles.
Definitely one of the most underrated actors!
How in God's good name is Liam Neeson NUMBER 104!? (I'm Agnostic... haha... God's good name)
I rate Liam as the best
Viper718
Schindler's List...Rob Roy...etc.  He's a fantastic actor...great screen presense.  Very rare.
MusicWoman
More comments about Liam Neeson
65Alan Rickman
+6He's got the most gorgeous voice, he makes his character unique love him x
WhOwAnTsToLiVeFoReVeR
+5Terrific British actor, both theatre and movies. Remember Die Hard (bad guys leader) and Robin Hood (again).
No one else could of played Snape. He is of course an amazing actor but have any of you seen the Harry Potter films? How he keeps his act and never shows a smile on purpose?
More comments about Alan Rickman
66Paul Newman
+1Paul Newman at #44. Below Jared Leto and David Duchovney? I'm biased though. He's my #1.
Just look at his films: The Hustler: (Academy Award Nomination - Best Supporting Actor) The Verdict: (A. A. Nomination-BA) Cool Hand Luke: (A. A. Nomination-BA) Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. The Sting. Cat on a Hot Tin Roof: (A. A. Nomination) Hud: (A. A. Nomination-BA) The Color of Money: (A. A WIN-BA) Road to Perdition: (A. A. Nomination) The Hudsucker Proxy. Slap Shot. Rachel, Rachel (A. A. WIN-Best Movie) Absense of Malice: (A. A. Nomination-BA) Honorary Academy Award 1986.
7 Academy Award Nominations and 1 win.
Forget the awards. He was the ultimate professional actor, who even two years before his passing thought he could always do better. I think of Paul Newman as a guy who had "it. " He could say so much without saying a word. A great, great actor. P. N. RIP.
corebare32
Effortless acting -rivoting and revealing - vulnerable yet powerful -a true legend of film
He's not only just a great actor, he is a great human being. He was always giving to charities and he made one himself. He was self-less and intelligent. x)
He had the most gorgeous blue eyes and he played some classic roles. Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Cool Hand Luke, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid! I can't believe he is under Channing effin' Tatum. Just because he's hot doesn't mean he's a good actor. Frankly, I think he is terrible. Paul Newman, all the way!
NicePants
67Alec Guinness
Well obviously he should be in the top 10. Anyone who knows anything about acting just needs to see "Kind Hearts and Coronets", "Bridge on the River Kwai", "The Ladykillers", "Dr. Zhivago", "Oliver Twist" etc. To know that this guy knows how to play his characters to a tee. Only behind Lord Olivier and Brando in my opinion.
He looks harmless and mediocre but when you see more movies you will notice that he can't be replaced.
Gaspar
+1The man that every man secretly wants to be..
He is the greatest and my favorite. He made over 200 movies.
moose4life19
69Jensen Ackles
Fantastic in everything! He is an extremely talented actor! He can make characters in completely fictional stories seem realistic and believable, he's that good of an actor! Dark Angel was a SPECTACULAR show and Jensen made it even better. He was so great in his first appearance on the series that they brought him back as a regular. That shows how good he is!!
Ever since I've seen Supernatural, I keep discovering more films from him. He's simply amazing, really, there are no words, and he deserves #1 place!
tinabirk
He's simply amazing. He's a good person and he's really funny. He really knows how to act!
More comments about Jensen Ackles
70Joaquin Pheonix
“Nobody can play the part of Johnny Cash as good as he did....NOBODY
“Amazing in Gladiator. Great actor... has the most beautiful eyes in the world, too.
“he's VERY  good at what he does. VERY.
kristinfoor
More comments about Joaquin Pheonix
71Richard Harris
plays amazing roles, so diverse! Harry Potter's Dumbeldore, Priest in the Counte of Monte Cristo, Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator, which he played great
The Priest in The Count of Monte Cristo, Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator, and Dumbledore in Harry Potter... Just some of the incredible roles he's played.  With his death came a great loss to the world of actors...
heather
72Akshay Kumar
Love him or Hate him he's still gonna Rock
If not an actor, Akki would probably end up as, no surprise here, a martial arts teacher!
Akshay Kumar is the most versatile indian actor. He can act superbly on every genres. He is king of action, comedy, acting etc etc. He can act any role.
Akshay is best in His comedy..!
And I loved him very much.. My idol, my guru, my life
And his acting is Awesome..!
More comments about Akshay Kumar
73River Phoenix
+2now there was an excellent actor.. he had it all; he was beautiful, he could sing, and oh boy could he act.. if only he'd stayed away from the drugs.
+1Absolutely adorable and unforgettable actor
dandeli0n
+1raw talent... but took acting from experience to dangerous extremes. I believe that the character he played in 'My own private idaho' contributed to him getting into the drug scene. No offense to Joaq, but River deserves to be higher on this list than him. River was the one who could really act. I believe that he was a better actor than even Johnny Depp, an actor i hold in extremely high regard. River was the best actor of all time. Incredible in all of his work but my favourites are Stand by Me and Running on empty. You will always be missed river. You were real, a little too naive, and you have inspired the world.
74Morgan Alling
“Morgan Alling for the win!
75Channing Tatum
i like him hes so ho.. cool to be with in terms of body..
blodi hell GAWJUSS. but ee looks WAY betta a skinhed
he is so SEXY i cant believe he isnt in the top 10... that man can dance... let me tell ya
lilshorty1629
More comments about Channing Tatum
76George Clooney
he's such a great actor we all should vote 4 him..
Michael clayton
