About Hari Bangsha Acharya
Hari Bangsha Acharya was born in a Brahman family. His father’s name is Homanjaya Acharya and Mother’s name is Ganesh Kumari. Born on 27th Kartik 2014 BS (9 October 1958) in Gairidhara, Kathmandu, Hari Bangsha Acharya got married married with Meera Acharya in 2040 BS. To talk of his family, he has two son Trilok Acharya and Mohit Acharya.Hari Bansha's wife Meera Acharya died from a stroke on April 20, 2011. She was suffering from heart disease since long.
Hari Bangsha Acharya started his career by performing with Hari Prasad Rimal and Jitendra Mahat Avilashi in 2031 BS in Radio Nepal. Back then, Radio Nepal was the only radio station in Nepal. In 2032, Hari Bangsha Acharya joined Rastriya Naach Ghar. He had participated in Gaijatra Mahotsav in 2034 BS that upsurged his fame. Before performing with Madan Krishna Shrestha and becoming a part of the MAHA Jodi, he had struggled in the entertainment field alone for 6 years.
Hari Bansha Acharya is one of the most successful Nepalese comedians. He is intensely skilled in acting and singing as well and he is very well-known for his comedy movies.He is well known for his method acting. He is one of the comedy duo, “MaHa Jodi”, the other one being Madan Krishna Shrestha. He also performs on stage most of the time with his partner, Madan Krishna Shrestha. He is a very popular and successful comedian of all times.Hari Bangsha Acharya is one of the most noted comedians in the Nepali screen. He has been entertaining the Nepalese community for a very long time. He has been involved in the comedy scene with his partner Madan Krishna Shrestha and the duo is popular with the title “Maha-Jodi”. He is one of the most successful and respected comedians in the Nepalese entertainment industry.
Hari Bangsha Acharya has also played in films. Lovipapi, Filim, Rajamati, Balidaan, Je Bho Ramrai bho, Tan ta sarhai bigrish ni badri are some of his popular films that were immensely popular in the Nepali film industry. Some of his remarkable comedy series like Lal Purja, Pandra Gatay, Bhakunde Bhoot, Series of Hari Bahadur and Madan Bahadur, 50/50, Dashain ko Chyangra etc. will be cherished by Nepalese even after many years.
Hari Bansha Acharya and his comedy duo are active in social life and were very much noted for their effort in April Uprsing in nepal, which dethroend the then Monarchy. The duo were touted for Presidentship by some sphere of Nepalese population.
Hari Bansha Acharya Cinematography
