see all »
RT @ Joe4Congress12 : #Sandusky needs what Joe the Plumber can deliver - help a Joe victory by volunteering - http://t.co/SCnhMlvz #JTP #tcot
RT @ Variety_DSCohen : You can tell the TV reporters are at a press screening when you look around and see pretty people with great hair.
RT @ evillights : THE UNSPEAKABLE ACT on the big-screen = a thing of unbelievable, tremendous beauty. See it as soon as you're able.
DP: DP/30 Emmywatch ’12: New Girl, actor Hanna Simone: http://t.co/t69EDEzu
DP: I uploaded a @ YouTube video http://t.co/dqJ7Cgbb DP/30: Do-Deca-Pentathlon, directors & co-stars
Quote Unquote see all »
“The idea of Lisa being one person with thousands of people around her having equally powerful experiences, just having their own lives—that’s what she’s finding out, it’s also what she’s up against. If you’re in a hospital or a legal situation or just trying to get your car towed and nobody gives a shit because they’re busy with their own lives. In most films—this is not done to create a counter-type of film, it’s just an idea I had—if the camera stays on the other characters long enough, then they become fuller human beings, and more of an obstacle for her. So when we tried to edit it just focusing on her character more, the whole film died. The focus on other characters is deliberate. The line that Jeannie Berlin says to her—‘We’re not supporting characters in the fascinating story of your life’—there’s too many movies now where, if I was an actor, there’s almost no roles I’d want to play except for the lead, perhaps, because they don’t make them full characters. If you look at an Ernst Lubitsch film they don’t throw people in as functions of someone else, they give them something to do, and that’s very important. A friend of mine saw Margaret and said, ‘It’s terrible to watch someone learn there’s no justice in the world.’ That’s what happens when you get involved in the grown-up world when you’re a kid, its clear to you what needs to be done, you have this idea that you can talk people into something because it’s right and you’re suddenly faced with this… wall, of problems. Movies don’t get into that, they tend to skip the details and I find the minute details of everyday life to be more riddled with tension and drama than most films or plays give them credit for.”
~  Kenneth Lonergan
“Because I’ve been feeling out of the loop, I resolved to catch the new Avengers movie. I call it “the Avengers movie” [even if] the film I saw was called Marvel Avengers Assemble 3D, which sounds like a badly translated Japanese videogame from the mid-90s. Or something you might oil and push up your arse while wearing a confused look on your face, a bit like civilisation has failed. No visit to a contemporary multiplex is complete without a bit of shit being rubbed in your eye right from the start, which happened in my case when the automatic ticket-printing machine spewed a rectangle of air at me instead of a ticket. Pathetically, I looked around for human assistance, only to find a big queue at the box office, where a solitary staff member was gradually processing incoming fleshbags with the joyous gusto of a woman forced to slowly count dust motes in a jail cell forever… I entered the auditorium just in time to enjoy an anti-piracy commercial depicting an abandoned cinema wreathed in cobwebs, accompanied by a doomy John Hurt voiceover saying what a shame it would be if all the cinemas closed. Yeah, imagine that. I’d have to approximate the experience by punching myself in the kidneys and eating a £50 note each time I put on a DVD… Despite being almost completely incoherent, it’s enjoyable bibble, and as good as superhero films are ever likely to get, which is excellent news because it means they can stop making them now… Once you’ve seen 10,000 cars exploding, you’ve seen them all…  The film was shot in 2D and converted to 3D using software, which means you’re actually drooling over a 2D image of Scarlett Johansson’s arse wrapped around a wireframe model of an arse that isn’t there. You’re sitting in front of HAL 9000, jerking off like a monkey. Somewhere, the machines are laughing at you.”
