Angelina Jolie
Angelina Jolie was born on 4th June 1975 in Los Angeles, California. Jolie was born to actor Jon Voight and actress Marcheline Bertrand. Actor James Haven is her elder brother. She is one among highest paid actresses in Hollywood. Angelina Jolie made her film debut as a child artist in Lookin’ to Get Out in 1982. She was named by Forbes as highest paid actress in Hollywood’s in 2009 and 2011. Jolie is Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . She divorced Jonny Lee Miller in 1999, Billy Bob Thornton in 2003 and now lives with Brad Pitt . Jolie and Pitt have three adopted children, Maddox, Pax, and Zahara, and three biological children, Shiloh, Knox, and Vivienne.
Jon Voight [Father]
Jon Voight was born on 29th Dec 1938. He is an actor. He received an Academy Award for his performance in Coming Home in 1978. Voight married Lauri Peters in 1962 and divorced her in 1967. He married Marcheline Bertrand in 1971 and had two children out of their wedlock viz James Haven (born 1973) and Angelina Jolie (born 1975). They separated in 1976 and divorced in 1980. Jon Voight was estranged from his children for years, but reconciled in 2007 after Marcheline Bertrand’s death.
Marcheline Bertrand [Mother]
Marcheline Bertrand was born on 9th May 1950 and he died on 27th January 2007. She was an actress and film producer. She was a humanitarian activist who co-founded the All Tribes Foundation and the Give Love Give Life organization. Bertrand was the second wife of actor Jon Voight and the mother of Angelina Jolie and James Haven. As a result of Voight’s adultery Bertrand filed for divorce in 1978 and it was finalized in 1980. After their separation Bertrand started to live with filmmaker Bill Day and they lived together for eleven years without getting married. Later she had a relationship with musician John Trudell. She died of ovarian cancer at the age of 56.
James Haven [Brother]
James Haven was born on 11th May 1973 in Los Angeles, California. He is an actor and film producer. He is the son of actor Jon Voight and Marcheline Bertrand and the elder brother of Angelina Jolie. After his parents’ separation in 1976, James Haven and Angelina Jolie were raised by their mother. When he was 13 the family moved back to Los Angeles and he attended Beverly Hills High School. Later he enrolled at the USC School of Cinema Television. While at the university, he received a George Lucas Award for a student film he directed starring his sister.
Jonny Lee Miller [Ex spouse]
Jonny Lee Miller was born on 15th Nov 1972 in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, England. Miller’s grandfather was Bernard Lee, who played the character M in the earlier James Bond films. Miller works both in films and theatre. Miller attended Tiffin School in Kingston but he left school at age 17 to pursue his acting career. Miller married Angelina Jolie on 28 Mar 1996 and were divorced on 9 Feb 1999. Later he dated actress Michele Hicks and married in July 2008. Miller is a marathon runner and ran the 2008 London Marathon in 3:01:40 and in 2010 he ran the New York Marathon.
Billy Bob Thornton [Ex spouse]
Billy Bob Thornton was born on 4thAug 1955 in Hot Springs, Arkansas. He is an actor, director, screenwriter and musician. For his film Sling Blade, he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He is the son of Virginia Roberta a psychic and William Raymond a teacher.  Thornton graduated from high school in 1973 and he attended Henderson State University to pursue studies in psychology, but he dropped out in middle. Thornton began his career as a singer songwriter and released three albums. Finally he settled in film making. Jolie married Billy Bob Thornton on May 5, 2000, in Las Vegas and divorced on May 27, 2003. Thornton has been married five times and he has four children by three women.
Brad Pitt [Partner]
Brad Pitt was born on 18th Dec 1963 in Shawnee, Oklahoma. He is an actor and producer. He has been named as one of the world’s most attractive men. He is son of Jane Etta, a high school counselor and William Alvin Pitt, a truck company owner. He dated actress Gwyneth Paltrow for sometime and later in 2000 he married Jennifer Aniston and the couple got divorce in 2005. After his divorce Pitt publicly accepted his love with Angelina Jolie and they have three biological children and three adopted children.
Angelina Jolie children
Angelina Jolie adopted her 1st child Maddox Chivan on 10th March 2002. On 6th July 2005 Jolie adopted Zahara Marley the second child. Jolie adopted Pax Thien on 15th March 2007.
Jolie gave birth to a daughter, Shiloh Nouvel on May 27, 2006. She gave birth to a son, Knox Léon, and a daughter, Vivienne Marcheline, on July 12, 2008. Vivienne received the middle name Marcheline in honor of Bertrand Marcheline, Jolie’s mother.
Hrithik Roshan
Hrithik Roshan is one among the most handsome actors in bollywood. He came to limelight after his blockbuster movie Kaho Na Pyar Hai, it was a major box office hit of the year. Before doing Kaho Na Pyar Hai he did many films as a child artist with his dad Rakesh Roshan. He married Suzanne Khan in 2000 and the couple is blessed with two sons Hrehaan and Hridhaan. Hrithik has two thumbs on his right hand which he refused to get removed through surgery.
Rakesh Roshan [Father]
Rakesh Roshan was born on 6 Sep 1949 in Mumbai. He is best known as producer and director. He also did some movies as an actor . Its really interesting to know that he is very fond of letter “K” and hence most of his films title start with “K” for instance Khudgarz , Khoon Bhari Maang , Kala Bazaar , Kishen Kanhaiya , Khel , King , Karan Arjun , Koyla , Karobaar, Kaho Naa… Pyaar Hai , Koi Mil Gaya , Krrish , Krrish 2.
Pinky Roshan [Mother]
Pinky is daughter of film director and producer J. Om Prakash. Pinky married Rakesh Roshan and they have a son Hrithik and a daughter Sunaina.
Sunaina Roshan [Sister]
Sunaina is the elder sister of Hrithik. Sunaina is married to Mohan Nadaar a businessman in Mumbai.
Suzanne Khan [Wife]
Sussanne studied interior designing in US studying. Even before their marriage they were good friends. She was his moral support during his early film career. She married Hrithik in 2000 and they have two sons. She has her own interior business in Mumbai.
Hrithik Roshan Kids
Hrithik and Suzanne have two sons named Hrehaan born in 2006 and Hridhaan born in 2008.
Roshanlal Nagrath
 
Roshanlal Nagrath was one of the best known music director in bollywood. He was the father of Rakesh Roshan and music director Rajesh Roshan. Roshanlal Nagrath was grandfather of Hritik Roshan.
Rajesh Roshan
Rajesh Roshan is Hrithik’s father’s brother, uncle to Hrithik Roshan. His uncle composed many songs for Hrithik viz Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai, Koi Mil Gaya , Krrish  etc.
 Hrithik Roshan family rare photos
 
Kajol Devgan family photos pictures members names details
Kajol Devgan Family Members Details
Kajol Devgan : Kajol is one of the best actress in bollywood, who is of Bengali-Marathi descent. She is from a filmy family where her parents and grand parents belong to cinema industry. She won four Filmfare Best Actress awards and one Filmfare South award for Best Actress. She was also the first woman to win the Filmfare best villain award.
[Mother Tanuja]
Mother Tanuja: Kajol’s mother Tanuja was an actress who established herself in bollywood. She started her career with her sister Nutan in the film Hamari Beti (1950) as Baby Tanuja. She was a daughter of Shobhna Samarth who was also an actress. Her sister Nutan who was a huge star in bollywood in 1960s. Tanuja’s daughters Kajol and Tanisha are actresses.
[Kajol father]
Father Shomu Mukherjee: Kajol’s father was a noted film producer. On 10th April 2008, Kajol’s father passed away due to cardiac arrest. His funeral was held on the same day and many bollywood personalities attended the funeral.
[Mother, Kajol and Tanisha]
Sister Tanisha: Kajol’s younger sister Tanisha has started her film career with “Sssshhh…” opposite Dino Morea but the movie failed at box office.She appeared in Neal N Nikki (2005) and Sarkar (2005). She even acted in Tamil Movies. made her debut in films with “Sssshhh…” opposite Dino Morea
[Kajol and Ajay]
Husband Ajay: Kajol married actor Ajay Devgan on 24th Feb 1999. Ajay Devgan father Veeru Devgan, was a stunt choreographer and his brother, Anil Devgan, is a film director.
[Daughter Nysa]
Daughter Nysa: Kajol gave birth to a daughter named Nysa on 20th April 2003. Nysa means Goddess of purity.
Mother side relatives
[Nutan aunt]
Maternal Aunt Nutan Behl: Nutan is Kajol’s mother Tanuja’s elder sister. Kajol’s aunt was a great actress who had five Filmfare Best Actress Awards to her credit. Her five awards are still a record in bollywood film industry. She started her career as actress in Hamari Beti (1950). She was the winner of Miss India in 1952. Nutan’s son Mohnish Behl is an actor.
[Shobhna Samarth]
Maternal Grandmother: Kajol’s maternal grandmother Shobhna Samarth (1915-2000) was a noted film personality in the early stages of bollywood film industry, her film Love in Simla (1960) was a big hit. Shobhna Samarth’s mother Rattan Bai, was also a popular actress of the 1940s. Shobna’s cousin, Nalini Jaywant, was also an actress. Shobhna Samarth had two daughters Tanuja and Nutan who carried on the family tradition. Tanuja, mother of Kajol was a moderate success, Nutan (1936 – 1991) was a huge star. She holds the record for the most Filmfare awards won for Best Actress [five times].
Great Grandmother: Rattan Bai was also a influential figure in bollywood cinema.
Father’s side relatives
Paternal uncles: Kajol’s paternal uncles Deb Mukherjee and Joy Mukherjee were noted film producers of bollywood.
Paternal Grandfather: Sashadhar Mukherjee, was also a filmmaker and founder of Filmistan studios. He had three sons Joy Mukherjee, Deb Mukherjee, and Shomu Mukherjee. Joy Mukherjee and Deb Mukherjee were actors while Shomu, father of Kajol became a director and producer. Sashadhar Mukherjee, had two brothers namely Subodh Mukherjee and anotherone is father of Ram Mukherjee, who is the father of the contemporary actress Rani Mukerji. Ram Mukherjee is a film director and founded Filmalaya Studios.
Paternal Grandmother: Satirani Devi was the sister of 3 famous film personalities, Anoop Kumar, Ashok Kumar and Kishore Kumar.
Kajol Devgan’s Cousins
[Rani Mukerji]
Cousin Rani Mukerji : ( Father’s Side ) Kajol’s second cousin Rani Mukerji is also a well established actress. Rani Mukerji’s mother was a playback singer. She worked with her cousin Kajol in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai which turned to be a great hit. Rani Mukerji’s brother Raja Mukherjee is a film producer and director in bollywood.
[Mohnish Behl]
Cousin Mohnish Behl: (Mother’s side) Mohnish Behl is son of Kajol maternal aunt Nutan. He is also an actor who debuted in 1984 movie “Purana Mandir”, and many films includung “Maine Pyar Kiya” “Deewana” “Ek Rishtaa: The Bond of Love” “Hum Aapke Hain Kaun” “Hum Saath-Saath Hain” etc..
[Sharbani Mukherjee]
