What  Do You Do After The Conventions Are Over To Get Ready For The Next Day?
Mood:
Topic: Be Good To Yourself!!!!
 
What  Do You Do After One Day of The Convention
Is Over To Get Ready For The Next Day? 
 
Products shown above are from Carol's Daughter
Traveling can be stressful even though you are having fun and often the symptons of stress on your body including face are not noticable because you are so excited about who you met and what you bought and on and on.  So, you want to know what Lafemmenitkita07 aka "Nik" does:
 
I run a bath with some type soothing herbal bubble bath with very hot water so I can do other things while the water is cooling down.  My herb of choice is lavendar for its calming effects.  I also like Sage, Aloe, and Cucumber.
While the bath is cooling I pamper my face.
I use high quality products to remove all makeup.  The removers are normally cream based. 
Then I clean my face; however, I do not use traditional soaps.  They are drying and too full of chemicals.
I use face cleaners made primarily in Italy and surrounding areas  from the finest ingredients I can afford that are imported and distributed in USA.
Afterwards, I normally use some type of toner to pick up any leftover dirt, make-up and/or particles left on my face.
Then I enter the bath water and soak for a while while using  body cleaners made with the least amount of chemicals and full of vitamins and herbs and are  also primarily made in Italy and surrounding areas.  My bubble bath products are also of the same quality and most important must pass the test of not causing infections, itching, and/or urinary problems. 
I only use the hotel soap on my hands if I do not bring my hand soap or I run out.  However, I have noticed at hotels such as the Sheraton and Raddison have fine designer soaps for your usage.  However, do not be deceived.  If you do not do this you should start and that is smell your hotel products.  If they have more of a chemical smell more than likely they may bother certain sensitive areas of your body.  I am speaking from experience and this advice is most for female and female children.
For my hair I use shampoo and conditioners from Nexsus, Paul Mitchell,  Carol's Daughter and Pantene.  Why so many different products?  It depends on the condition of my hair.  When I travel of course I do not bring all of these products.  I assess the condition of my hair before I leave. Believe or not the hair and its related roots can suffer from stress and fatique.
After my bath I apply products designed for the eye area, throat, and neck. In addition I apply products for my body and often special products for my feet.  The products selected for my feet depends on how much abuse they have had that day and/or I anticpate.
After the above described routine I will see what is on TV or watch a DVD on my portable DVD players and/or listen to music on my portable CD player.  My CD player is very small and sleek with fantastic sound by Sharper Image.  My portable DVD players are by Polarid and Mustek. 
I also evaluate that day's events and choose what I am going to wear the next date and what time I am going to go back to the Con.
Or sometimes I talk to friends of the Cell.  Super Fans do you know it is cheaper to use a calling card and your cell phone if you have unlimited long distance , no peek  hours, and no roaming hours.  Surreal!!!  I went to a hotel in  DC that charged 45% on top on whatever the charges incurred for the telephone in the room. 
I travel for a living and that is why I have so many little rituals to get through it all.  Anyway you want the experience to be as pleasant as possible.
 
