Shane Harper
Posted: Friday, April 13, 2012 3:00 pm | Updated: 12:01 pm, Fri Apr 13, 2012.
Disney actor and Deep Well Records recording artist Shane Harper set to perform at the Roxy on April 14 by Deep Well Records bgdailynews.com | 0 comments
Singer, songwriter, actor and dancer Shane Harper will be performing live at an all ages show at The Roxy on Saturday April 14th at 12 noon presented by Radio Disney AM 1110. During the show, Harper will perform songs from his recently released self-titled album, Shane Harper.
In other exciting news, Harper was selected to be one of the three main featured slots on iHeartRadio’s “Discover and Uncover Artists” for April 2012.  http://www.iheartradio.com/new2/discover/index.html?format=185
http://www.iheartradio.com/new2/featured/f/3582
The Deep Well Records recording artist’s new album was produced by Adam Anders (Executive Music Producer of Glee and the upcoming film Rock Of Ages) through Anders’ record label Deep Well Records and was released physically through Target and digitally on iTunes and Amazon on February 14, 2012. The album features the Top 10 hits “One Step Closer” and “Rocketship” as heard on Radio Disney. Harper performed his hit single “One Step Closer” on “Good Luck Charlie” and most recently on “So Random.”
Shane has been seen on national tours with Cody Simpson, Greyson Chance, Miranda Cosgrove and Demi Lovato. Comments Harper: “After working so hard on writing these songs, to be able to get out and perform them live and see the positive reaction has been an incomparable experience. I’m really looking forward to doing more shows, connecting with my fans and sharing new music with them.”
Shane Harper’s popularity as an actor has grown through his roles in “Good Luck Charlie,” “Wizards of Waverly Place,”  “Zoey 101,”  the films “My Name Is Kahn” and “Flipped” and as a dancer through “So You Think You Can Dance,” Nickelodeon’s “Dance on Sunset” and “High School Musical 2.” This coupled with his plans to tour this summer and the launch of a new single “Dancin’ In The Rain,” will no doubt make Shane Harper a household name by 2013.
Shane Harper will be performing at an all ages show at The Roxy in Los Angeles on April 14th. Doors open at 12:00 noon and ticket price is $10.
For further information, please contact Deborah Radel at DRPR, 310.360.3997 or email deborah@drpr.us
