by Martina on June 9th, 2012 categorized as The Man » 17 responses » 36 thanks
Night a nine of diamonds
A woman lay and cries
At the Sister of Mercy
On the Sabbath day
Night a nine of diamonds
As revelers commence
To shiver as she bore
In a babe, a radiance
I cannot find more beautiful words than Patti Smith in her birthday song for Johnny, called Nine  on her new album Banga . Happy Birthday to you, Johnny (I won’t do the joke with the
39
 49 again, even if it would still make sense)! Don’t work too hard this weekend and spend the time with your family and friends!
by Andrea on June 8th, 2012 categorized as Movies , News , The Lone Ranger » 3 responses » 4 thanks
CREEDE – The Lone Ranger is getting the big screen big budget overhaul from power producer Jerry Bruckheimer.
And folks in the southwestern Colorado town of Creede couldn’t be happier. But while Hollywood may be new to the town, the arts are not.
“We got the Governor’s Art Award 2010 for the “Best Art Community in Colorado,” Mayor Eric Grossman said.
Not only does the movie put the mining town on the map, but many hope the entire state as well.
“Everybody around the world will see this movie,” Colorado Film Commissioner Donald Zuckerman said. “These movies in the past have done a million dollars at the box office.”
The film stars Armie Hammer Helena Bonam Carter and Johnny Depp. The movie is set to open July 3, 2013.
Click here to watch a report!
by Andrea on June 6th, 2012 categorized as Movies , News , The Lone Ranger » one response » 5 thanks
The narrow canyon north of town that was once home to thousands of men looking for the next big silver strike still has plenty of hustle and bustle.
But more than a century later, the hundreds of carpenters, craftsmen and other workers who’ve labored beneath the towering rock walls are looking to help Walt Disney Studios and “The Lone Ranger” strike it rich on the silver screen.
After 11 weeks of set construction, the film’s cast, which includes Johnny Depp, Armie Hammer and others, is expected to begin shooting here this week.
But curiosity seekers won’t have much of a chance to see any of the big names.
Link
Johnny Depp
In my opinion he is the most beautiful man in the world - but he is always working against the stereotype of this beauty, which unfortunately is the only thing he just can't succeed in. Even if you don't think that Johnny looks absolutely amazing, you cannot deny that he is the most talented actor of his generation. No one can represent as many characters as he has and no one is as daring in his choice of movie roles. I guess there is no role that he cannot play!!  And he is not only a great actor. Do not forget his great work as the writer and director of the movie The Brave. Or his talent as a musician. Playing the guitar or even composing his own character's score for the soundtrack of the movie Once upon a time in Mexico.
And his most adorable "talent" is his character in real life, his love for his girl Vanessa Paradis, and being a father for his two kids.
I want to add a quote...my favourite one made about Johnny Depp...written by Rudolf John in the Austrian Kurier and I hope, I translated this correct: ...and there is scarcely any other actors face that meets more the conception of romanticism than his. With the melancholic trait around the mouth, the poetic far sighted view, where nevertheless the rogue is flashing through, and the bantering body language.
Martina
