 
 
"Jason Bennett's mastery of acting tools is impressive. He is a powerful and passionate teacher! I have tremendous respect for his provocative ideas and vision. Beginners and professionals can learn from his experience and expertise." - Christopher Ashley, Artistic Director of The La Jolla Playhouse; Yale University; Tony-nominated Director; Obie Winner; Drama Desk Winner; Director of Memphis that received 11 Tony Award Nominations in 2010; The Rocky Horror Show, Jeffrey, Wonder of the World, Seussical, Valhalla, Fires in the Mirror, All Shook Up!, Regrets Only...and on and on...
 
"I have learned an incredible amount from Jason Bennett and have amazing respect for his talents and insight. You will learn an acting process you can truly rely on and that is tailored to your needs. Working with Jason Bennett is intense and exciting." - Tony Award-Winner 2009! Karen Olivo, Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music, BFA track Musical Theater. She is currently starring as "Anita" in West Side Story, which she won a Tony Award for in 2009! Karen Olivo created the role of Vanessa in the Tony Award-winning musical production of "In the Heights" both on and off Broadway. Other Broadway credits: Mimi/Cover in "Rent" and "Faith" in Brooklyn. TV:  Law & Order,     Law & Order: SVU   and   Conviction.   Film: Adrift in Manhattan, Sibling, The New Twenty and Two Lovers.
“I came to Jason Bennett feeling disconnected from my work and in need of a serious shakeup that would reignite my love for acting. In a short amount of time, Jason helped me re-connect with my deep love for the work. Jason Bennett’s work may be exactly what you need, if you are willing to probe deeply within yourself  exploring the deepest parts of your imagination. It is truly exciting for me -- somewhat scary and thrilling at times...which is exactly what I knew I needed. The work is respectful and safe -- I recommend beginners and more experienced actors take a trial class and see if taking this leap is right for you.” - Armando Riesco: graduated with a BFA in Acting from Northwestern University. Read about his extensive film and television credits on IMDB , including National Treasure with Nicholas Cage; Law and Order; Che with Benicio Del Toro
"That big audition I was talking about in class, well I got the part! And seriously, its so because of you, Jason. I have never felt so comfortable or connected to what I was doing than this one, and I know its because of what you have been teaching, there is no way that I am going to stop with you now.... at this rate I actually am going to end up the actor that I have always wanted to be! I think you are a genius. Thank you." - Kimberly Cooper, Received an Australian Emmy Award for playing the role of "Gypsy Nash" for five years on the international Australian television series Home and Away, appeared in New York City in The Boys.
"I initially went to a demonstration of Jason Bennett's techniques just for fun. He demonstrated his techniques, including work from all the master acting teachers, in a very clear-cut way. Then he went into discussing Archetypes which resonated with my training and interests. His demonstrations instantly clarified all the vague comments from every acting class before his:  “just be natural”, “follow your impulses”, “don’t act."  I immediately saw an opportunity to acquire a real set of skills that I would be able to reproduce consistently and at will (like in the anxiety producing atmosphere of an audition or callback). I signed up for his summer acting intensive, where I practiced the skills of creating an imaginary world, and realized that while there is a lot of work to be done to prepare to perform, it is all within my grasp once these techniques are learned and my skills are honed. I began to feel much more optimistic about my career and more in control of my process. One thing that I especially admire about Mr. Bennett is that he constantly questions and challenges his teaching methods and is always open to feedback on how he is perceived by students. I think this keeps him from falling into the trap of becoming too powerful in his students’ eyes and avoids the whole “therapy acting class” experience I witnessed so many times. I highly recommend Jason Bennett as an acting teacher, as well as an instructor of acting through song and music.  Knowing he has classical musical training makes me even more confident of his ability to help me improve my skills as a singer and actor." - Nina Fine, Opera singer,  Cabaret/Jazz Singer, AEA, Regular singer with Philadelphia Pops, "The Dressing Room," "The Mikado," "The Medium," "An Incomplete Education," various films, commercials, and voice-overs...and on and on...
"Jason Bennett is an encyclopedia of acting. You will learn the tools you need to do great work. Jason Bennett will take you to the next level, then to 9 more levels you didn't know existed. He will be personally invested in your success, as he is with all his students. He is a friend and teacher to me. He is truly an original." - Stephen Guarino, SAG/Equity; Florida State University, BFA in Acting; Numerous National Commercials, Numerous National Voice Overs, Off-broadway's The Nuclear Family, National Cable Series, "The Big Gay Show," created and produced by Rosie O'Donnell on the LOGO Network, David E Kelley's "The Wedding Bells" on FOX, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit...and on and on...
“Jason Bennett strikes the ideal balance between holistic (yoga, stretching, imagination and emotion exercises, theatre games) and technical (script analysis, very specific character work, the business) actor training.  He runs a tight ship and directs his acting classes authoritatively and efficiently. He is an extremely intelligent, passionate teacher with finely tuned perceptions that spot the dishonesty traps other teachers and young actors fall into so often.  He is very thorough, meticulous, and energetic. Study acting with Jason Bennett." - Ryan Link, “Radames” in the National Tour of Aida; “Roger” on Broadway in Rent; “Jesus” in Jesus Christ Superstar! at the Kansas City Starlight Theatre; various commercials...and on and on...
"I've taken classes from all sorts of acting schools, casting directors, and coaches as a professional actor. Many of these teachers, and the acting books I studied, focus on scene study, ignoring the importance of creating the emotional life of the character and the imaginary world of the story. When emotional life was mentioned, these teachers and books were vague and unclear compared to Jason Bennett, always leaving me feeling like there was something missing. Taking class with Jason Bennett has been incredible!  He is the first teacher I have worked with that can explain the HOW of acting.  He will show you HOW to truly breakthrough to all your emotions, liberating you from your emotional blocks and inhibitions." - Robyn Payne, Indiana University Voice Department, “Sarabi” in The Lion King on Broadway; “Miss Flannery” in the National Tour of Thoroughly Modern Millie"...and on and on...
"Jason Bennett is passionate, articulate, and thorough in his knowledge of acting theory and history. But Jason's glorious achievement is that he takes all that theory and history and applies it in the most straight forward, accessible, clear and practical way. His profound teaching is in the spirit of the Chinese proverb, "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." Rather than only directing you in the specific interpretation of material, as many acting teachers do, Jason Bennett will expose you to many processes and tools, which will guide and facilitate your work for a lifetime. He is full of energy, totally devoted to his students, and his feedback is always dead-on. If you are a serious actor, you owe it to yourself to study with Jason Bennett." - Jorge Acosta, Director, Artistic Director, Actor/Singer, Appeared in over 260 productions in the southeastern U.S., including an international tour of Camelot; he appeared as "Polonius" in Hamlet, "Che Che" in Anna and the Tropics, "Pozzo" in Waiting for Godot, and on and on; as Director he has directed productions of Evita, The Laramie Project, Nine Parts of Desire and many more.
"Jason Bennett's work is truly revolutionary and absolutely essential for actors - in such a short amount of time it has cultivated my imagination and expanded my emotional range. I graduated from a respected MFA Acting program and spent numerous years training in specific techniques at well respected studios in New York City.
And I have NEVER experienced a more profound change in my work than from the work I've done with Jason. The work has stretched me to realms I never knew possible - all with a newfound sense of ease and play. And have I mentioned that it's really FUN?! And so much easier, less grueling than many of the ways I was taught to approach acting in the past... I am learning how to play again, how to access my imagination without limits. Jason sets up such a supportive atmosphere where all these elements are encouraged, cultivated and fine-tuned. But at the same time he has the highest professional standards - he will push you when appropriate for your growth as a professional actor - always respectfully. Check it out." - Jennifer Schulte, Yale School of Drama (Mark Brokaw), MFA in Acting from Trinity Rep Conservatory, Previously trained at William Esper Studio, Shakespeare and Company, Stella Adler Conservatory, etc.; Appeared on As The World Turns; as "Rosalind" in As You Like It; as "Juliet" in Romeo and Juliet; as "Tybalt" in a National Tour of Romeo and Juliet; as "Eliza" in My Fair Lady...and on and on...
"
I am a graduate of Columbia University's School of Social Work, a therapist in private practice, have been an actor and writer, and teacher of Archetype Work to professionals and novices. It is with deep respect for Jason Bennett as an original thinker and for his unique approach in using Archetype Work as part of his actor training that I recommend Jason Bennett. When I was an actress and improviser, I was always aware of the necessity to precisely hit your emotional and physical marks, exactly when the time calls, for both performances and auditions. His acting classes will arm you with tools that can profoundly advance your career. Archetype Work and The Psychology of Selves heightens consciousness, so working with Jason Bennett will not only make you a better actor, but can be instrumental to unblocking many areas of your life, increasing your personal freedom and authenticity. - Bridgit Dengel Gaspard, LMSW New York Voice Dialogue Institute Co-Founder, Studied acting, voice and movement for over 15 years, including Growtowski, Hagen, Johnstone, Meisner, Spolin, Strasberg. Movement significantly influenced by modern, jazz, African and Middle-Eastern dance. Trained with Michael Howard, Austin Pendleton, Caymichael Patten and Carol Fox Prescott. She did extensive improvisation work with Gary Austin, founder of The Groundlings.
"
Because of training with Jason Bennett, my confidence in my acting has increased 1,000 times. The tools and techniques I've learned allow me to walk into an audition and enter an imaginary reality in seconds. My imagination is far more available to me. Although I learned some similar techniques while training with Mike Nichols at the New Actor's Workshop, the way Jason teaches enables me to "get there" in less than half the time. His teaching is very individualized. His ability to see where you are in your process and assign you specific exercises and work based on that, as opposed to having the same approach for every actor, makes him an extraordinary teacher. Time after time, I've seen him assign an exercise to an actor, in the middle of working a scene, that instantly reveals a psychological or emotional block that was operating on an unconscious level in that actor. He is perceptive, intuitive, and most of all passionately committed to helping his students cultivate their craft. If you are serious about having a career in this field, consider studying acting with Jason Bennett." - Daniel Braver, Graduate of The New Actor's Workshop with Mike Nichols, George Morrison and Paul Sills (son of Viola Spolin); Appeared on Comedy Central; All My Children; FX's TV Series Rescue Me; Numerous Theatrical Productions and Independent Films.
"Working with Jason Bennett has been very exciting for me.  He delves into the acting process in a way I have not encountered before. His modern approach combined with his vast knowledge of “traditional” acting theories bridges the gap between emotional life and text, helping actors develop a very specific process.  His work has given me great new tools that I can call upon in any situation. Whether you are just starting out or are a seasoned actor, Mr. Bennett will meet you where you're at and push you forward."  - Jessica Rider, Previous training: NYU Tisch School of the Arts, BFA, Circle in the Square.  Recent credits include: Wait Until Dark, Miracles, Uncommon Women and Others, Vagina Monologues
"Although I studied acting for quite some time before studying with Jason, something always felt incomplete. I couldn't grow past a certain point and I was craving much more. At my previous school, I had a full scholarship so I didn't want to leave...But still I checked out the most respected private New York acting schools and did trial classes or met the main teachers at all of them. Jason Bennett's class was the last one I attended. At first I thought I was in the wrong place. People were doing weird imagination exercises and they seemed a little crazy to me. Late in the class Jason called on me to work, but I didn't want to participate. I remember looking for the door and I almost left. But I didn't. And I'm so grateful I stayed. I've been training with Jason and several of the other faculty members for over a year and I wouldn't trade what I've learned for anything! The work has changed my acting and it's changed my life. There is no other way to put it." - Alfredo Diaz, Previous Training New York University Summer Acting Intensive; New York Film Academy; Gotham Writer's Workshop; Appeared as "Lee" in True West; "Pale" in Burn This; Selected Films: Holy Sepian, The Candy Connection, Under the Harlem Moon, Three Rounds.
"We are very pleased to write this recommendation for Jason Bennett. As an acting teacher, he synthesizes comprehensive knowledge of acting processes with a profound understanding of the theory and methodology of [Archetype Work] and the Psychology of Selves. His original work keeps the focus on the development of the actor's process, utilizing [Archetype Work] and the Psychology of Selves to this end. We consider Jason Bennett an outstanding teacher and communicator. He is forging new paths in the training of aspiring actors, and in deepening the process of those actors already established." - Dr. Hal Stone, PhD and Dr. Sidra Stone, PhD, Coached professional actors for over 20 years, Authors of, "Embracing Your Selves," "Embracing Your Inner Critic," and other books.
"Jason Bennett is wise and incredibly passionate. He will teach you cutting-edge acting tools that will help you create the realistic and dynamic performances today's audiences crave. He is a joy to work with, his acting classes challenging and unique. Mr. Bennett is personally invested in the growth of all his students. If you devote yourself to the work, you will leave his classes with the confidence and competence to establish and maintain an artistically fulfilling acting career." - Casie Knowles, BFA in Acting, National Tours of A Christmas Carol, Pinocchio, The Secret Garden, Nicholas Nickleby
"I studied acting for a long time before finding Jason Bennett. But even after all the acting classes I had before Mr. Bennett, I still had no real understanding of the word “choice,” no specific acting process, no access to my vulnerability, and relied entirely upon an intellectual approach to acting. After six months of studying with Jason Bennett, I understand what
“choices” are and how to use them, am learning an acting process that can be tailored to every role, can access my vulnerability along with a myriad of other emotions that I couldn’t before, and know how to allow my imagination to guide my work. While we learn techniques from the great teachers of the past, we also learn a modern approach to acting, which includes psychology and dream analysis. Not only does this approach allow us to gain a greater depth of understanding of characters, it helps us to understand ourselves as well as the people in our lives. I came to Mr. Bennett with many emotional blocks. As an actor, I knew I needed to gain access to these emotions. The combination of class exercises and Archetype Work has helped me reach these intense parts of me and share them with others through my work.  In class you’ll laugh, you’ll cry, and you’ll do wild and crazy things that you’re convinced will just make you feel embarrassed. At first, you do these outrageous exercises just because Mr. Bennett tells you to. But very soon, you discover that you can do all kinds of things you never thought you could. While we all know the entertainment world can be brutal, Mr. Bennett teaches you to approach your work and the business with integrity, respect, and commitment." -  Katie Dailey, Rosemont College, Walnut Street Theatre, New York Film Academy, various casting director seminars. Recent credits inlcude “Forensic Files,” “Niu Niu Teaches English” Shenzhen TV, China, “The Hot Spot” Comcast Cable TV, various independent and student films.
"Jason Bennett is an inspired and inspiring acting teacher. He is courageous in demonstrating his ideas to his students. Jason's use of [Archetype Work] and techniques greatly enhance his teaching. He challenges his students to expand their professional abilities by exploring their own archetypes. I have taught with him and have been greatly impressed by his empathy for his students, and his awareness of their personal process. He is very supportive as his students develop as actors." - Dr. Dassie Hoffman, PhD, LCAT, ADTR, Dance, Movement, Archetype Work, coached professional actors for over 20 years.
"Studying acting with Jason Bennett has been an eye-opening experience for me. I have taken classes at other reputable schools in the country and the work that he does is above and beyond any previous training I have had.  His extensive knowledge of acting training today and the history of it is one of the main reasons why he is so effective as a teacher. He is always thinking outside the box and includes so much more in his training than the majority of other classes out there that lack the emotional and imagination component that is vital to becoming a successful actor.  He uses tools from modern psychology that allow you to understand your characters “wants” and “needs” on the deepest levels so you can fully identify with their world-views which helps bring forth the multi-dimensional and unpredictable performances that audiences crave. Classes and weekend workshops are small and intense so you are always learning and getting the individual attention that helps take your acting to the next level.  I highly recommend taking a trial class to see if Jason Bennett’s teaching style resonates with you." -  Jerry Stilianessis
"As a teacher with tremendous experience, I recognized the gifts and talents of Jason Bennett immediately when I began working with him. In addition to his wonderful voice, I was inspired by the brilliance of his thinking, the sweep of his acquired knowledge of acting techniques and a sharply tuned instinct for sensing the needs of others. And what supercedes all this is Jason Bennett's passion for teaching. His students are indeed fortunate to have someone with such a huge capacity to nurture their talents. He is a born acting teacher." - Barbara Feller, Master Voice Teacher, The Barbara Feller Voice Studio, The Sharman Voice Institute; Taught and earned degress from Julliard, Hunter and Manhattanville colleges, director of private theater program in Westchester.
"I have reached depths in my acting while studying with Jason Bennett that I didnt know existed. My approach to acting is now not just about me, but about contributing to the world through performance. My imagination has opened up new worlds to me! I have found, through Jason's teaching, a profound awareness of the world around me. The archetype work has been miracle work to me. I remember studying at other respected schools where, if the actor didnt get their teaching, it meant they had no talent. I've now realized those teachers just weren't very good. During that time, I felt like there was a wall I couldn't move past. But in Jason's classes, every major acting method is taught and you use what works. Jason conforms his teaching to each actor with amazing perceptiveness. I now have an understanding of human behavior that is invaluable. This means that when I pick up a script, I can create the character's past, their wants, desires and know how to build their relationships. I know how to break the script down, analyze it, humanize it, invest in it and grow from it. I studied with many respected acting teachers before Jason, went to the conservatory program at Atlantic Theatre Company, took acting workshops. But there is simply no comparison to depth of the teaching that comes from Jason Bennett." - Jennifer Jules Hart, Film: Crippled Creek, Honey, Fall, Street Time; various commercials; Has appeared on The Learning Channel, Showtime and numerous student films. Previous training: Full-time Atlantic Theatre Company Conservatory Program
"
Jason Bennett is the best acting teacher I have ever studied with.  The level of respect I have for his teaching only increases the more I spend time in his classes. Never before have I felt more empowered and inspired as a performing artist. I walk away from every single class, lecture or workshop with a new insight or tool that I can actually use in my acting; not just an intellectual analysis of playing actions and visualizing objectives or super-objectives, like in my previous training. Jason’s unique work, coupled with his obsession for the educational gifts of his predecessors, give you the tools to create an effective and powerful world to deeply involve yourself in. And as Jason often says in class, 'Involvement is the antidote to bad acting.'" - Nicholas Job, BA in Theater Arts from Cal State Long Beach; Professional Actor Training Program at The Actor's Center; Recently starred in a 10 part internet television serious West Side TV; Death Might Be Your Santa Claus; Jabu; numerous student films
"After finishing college I knew I needed some real-world professional actor training outside of the academic theater world. I began researching many different schools and training programs across the country, hoping to find the absolute BEST actor training out there. I came across Jason Bennett's website and after reading what his school was about I got this strange feeling in my gut - a feeling that I had really come across something special. I interviewed for and attended the 3 week summer conservatory. Well, it was not at all what I had imagined it would be... it was BETTER! I learned more about acting and myself in 3 weeks than I thought possible. I understand more what it takes to be a "great" in the acting profession. And I thank Jason for that. I thank him for becoming a teacher and opening up this school. I thank him for doing his own thing and having the courage to put himself out there the way he does for his students. I don't think there are many teachers like him out there, and I'm glad that I lucked out and found him and his school early on. If you want to get started on becoming the actor you've always dreamed you could be, then come and study with Jason Bennett, you won't regret it." -Danka Scepanovic, B.A. in Theatre, Minor in Sociology at Drake University. Recent credits include: Wonderful Town, Jean-Paul Sartre's No Exit, Jane Martin's Anton in Show Business
"When I started studying at The Jason Bennett Actors Workshop, I discovered that even after all my training at other places, I had less of an acting process than I thought. My work was cerebral and "actory." I realized approaching a character felt a little like fumbling in the dark. Jason Bennett is the best acting teacher that I have ever encountered. He gives clear, spot-on criticism. He has an encyclopedic knowledge of techniques and exercises to develop your instrument and your craft. He creates a safe environment that will challenge you to explore your full range -- power and vulnerability, intense activity and intense stillness. You'll get to places in your work that you had sensed, but didn't know how to really access. You'll find your own practical process, a mix of approaches that you can explore to develop a multi-dimensional performance. His acting classes aren't for everyone. Stay away if you're afraid to acknowledge that you are a really complex person or if you don't want to dive deeply into your emotions and explore who you really are - but then, if this turns you off, why are you acting? If you want to really grow as an artist and become the kind of actor an audience will want to see, I can't think of a better teacher than Mr. Bennett!" - Manda Buttita
"Jason Bennett will help you to become an extremely skilled actor. Hi
s understanding of various acting techniques will give you many tools to help you create strong, interesting characters in any play, movie or television show. One of the best things about Mr. Bennett's class is that it does not focus on one acting technique. Mr. Bennett incorporates all the great acting techniques into his work, and a lot more. I still have a long way to go in my work. I haven’t even chipped the surface of all the exercises that Mr. Bennett has to offer, but I know I am on the right path. I feel much more confident as an actor. I know how to approach my work in a methodical way, using various tools to make great theatre. I love this class. I really do. Mr. Bennett will require and expect a lot of work out of you -- but he really gives a lot, too. His classes are not for the lazy, they are only for actors who are serious about the art of acting. If you are looking for a serious place to work on your acting process and tools, whether you are a beginner or veteran, I think that this is a great place to do it." - Michael Bianco, Partial Resumé: Self and the Pity, The Coming of Dick, A New York Evening, The WingDing Doodle Club, The Baltimore Waltz
Flash sidemenu
