Premiere Date: May 7, 2012
End of broadcast: ______?
Schedule: Monday-Friday at 5:55 PM
Genre: Fantasy, Drama
Plot:
Aryana narrates the journey of a girl as she struggles in the awkward but exciting adolescent stage while trying to escape her inevitable destiny.Two mothers from different worlds, Ofelia, a human who is struggling for the acceptance of her mother-in-law, hopes that with the birth of her daughter she will gain the happiness and acceptance of his husband’s family, Neptuna, a mermaid who’s love for her daughter, Perlita knows no bounds and will do anything to make her safe and happy.
While Perlita, Neptuna’s daughter, has a dream of living happily with humans often goes near the seashore to watch the humans and even once stole the pearl that can make a mermaid turn into a human and back into a mermaid, unfortunately, when she went near the seashore to watch the humans who are now watching and playing the firecrackers, a drunk villager played with a dynamite and Victor, Ofelia’s good husband confronts him and unknowingly throws the dynamite into the part whre Perlita was hiding, Neptuna, who was about to warn her daughter saw the death of her beloved daughter and promises to do everything to make Victor and Ofelia feel the pain she is suffering. Aryana, Ofelia and Victor’s child is then born, and as Ofelia was hoping for, she gained the acceptance of her mother-in-law. During Aryana’s baptismal celebration, Neptuna (as a human) steals her and makes Aryana her daughter for a while until she knew that she can’t make Aryana a mermaid unless her mother giver Aryana to her willingly, and so Neptuna gave Aryana back to Ofelia with the agreement that on Aryana’s 14th birthday she must give her back to her. Ofelia, with no intension of giving her daughter back runs away from their sea side village and goes to the urban city to forget about the curse on her daughter as Neptuna thought she would but everyday, Ofelia gets a reminder that her daughter is and will belong to the sea when she turns 14. Aryana, who doesn’t know that she is cursed to be a mermaid when she turns 14.
As she faces her destiny of being a mermaid, she is torn between choosing the sea where she belongs or the land where her heart longs. This light but heartwarming fantaserye does not only recount the coming of age journey of a teenager but it also promotes family values as well as social and environmental awareness.
MAIN CASTS:
Paul Salas as Marlon Salvador
Pokwang as Ofelia Mendez
Desiree del Valle as Neptuna
Laurice Guillen as Elnora Mendez
Tonton Gutierrez as Victor
Bianca Manalo as Carlina Suarez
Boom Labrusca as Tilapio
G. Toengi as Stella Cervantes
Neil Coleta as Andoy
Michelle Vito as Megan Cervantes-Mendez
Tetchie Agbayani as Reyna Hiyasmin
Lotlot De Leon as Rosita Salvador
Louise Abuel as Miko
Rustica Carpio as Lola Antonia
Chokoleit as Dikya
Marvin Yap as Pla Pla
Badjie Mortiz as Bisugo
