Aswad Ali- Money Supermarket
Second Generation Wayans
Congrats to Atlanta's Courtney Black who was booked as a featured model on the new TV pilot 'Second Generation Wayans'!!
Dole Smoothie Commercial
We LOVE watching L.A. client Carol Mack rockin' it out in the new Dole Smoothie Commercial! Congrats!!!
Dirty Dancing
Mikaela Arneson will be dancing in the upcoming re-make of the classic dance film "Dirty Dancing". Congratulations to this DDO Los Angeles client for booking such an amazing job!
Chayanne Tour
Jermaine Johnson will be dancing for the upcoming Chayanne tour! Congratulations to this Los Angeles DDO client!
Justin Bieber Tour
Nick Demoura is choreographing for the Justin Bieber tour, congrats to this DDO Los Angeles client!
Krystal Harris in So You Think You Can Dance print ads!
Congrats to Los Angeles DDO client Krystal Harris for her print billboards for So You Think You Can Dance
West Side Story International Tour
Yanira Marin will play the leading role of Anita in the upcoming International Tour of West Side Story! Congratulations go out to Christian Elan Ortiz who is also joining the tour!
The Nutty Professor
Lindsay Moore and Carly Blake Sebouhian booked The Nutty Professor at the Tennessee Performing Arts Center!
Legally Blonde
Congratulations to Jonathan Lovitz who joins the cast of Legally Blonde at the Arvada Center for the Arts!
Williamstown Theatre Festival
Carol Angeli will be starring in the Williamstown Theatre Festival's production of Here Lies Love!
Book of Mormon
Hardy Weaver will be joining the Chicago cast of The Book of Mormon! Congratulations!!
Jersey Boys
John Rochette and Kyli Rae are currently touring the country in the First National Tour of Jersey Boys!
Hank Williams Jr. Music Video
Congrats to Nashville's Amber Nadelkov who is booked in a music video with country music legend Hank Williams Jr.!!
Miss Willie Brown Music Video
Congrats to Nashville's Claire Callaway who was booked as the lead female role in a new video from rising country-duo Miss Willie Brown!!
Stella Entertainment
Congrats to Atlanta's Allana Webb, Brent Smith and Ryan Celeste Smith who booked corporate events with Stella Entertainment!!
Lady Antebellum Music Video!!
Congrats to Nashville's Tim Riffle who booked a featured role in the new music video 'Wanted You More,' from the award-winning trio Lady Antebellum!!
Eden's Edge Music Video
Congrats to Nashville's Renee Horton and Tim Riffle who booked a new music video from country trio Eden's Edge!!
Joe's Crab Shack
Make sure you catch Lindsay Sutton in the new Joe's Crab Shack commercial!
Comcast
Jillian Morgese can be seen in a new Comcast commercial!!
Eugene Mirman Pilot
Angela Gould just wrapped her role on a new Eugene Mirman Pilot!
Congrats to all of our commercial and print clients that booked these jobs in April!
Jeffrey Stubblefield- Coke/Walmart
