Contact
A    Birds-Eye View of Bluffton from near the turn of the century.  This community, located between    Lake Michigan and Muskegon Lake in the city of Muskegon, was the summer    playground for a large group of vaudevillian performers. The most famous    was legendary silent film star, Buster Keaton.
Near the turn of    the twentieth century, as the last vestiges of Muskegon’s lumbering era    faded from the horizon, a community that catered to theatrical    entertainers was started by C.S. "Pop" Ford. Lying in the shadow of a    massive dune known as Pigeon Hill in a portion of the city known as    Bluffton, Ford found a captive market in the actors who performed at the    summer show house at nearby Lake Michigan Park.
Buster Keaton   in his autobiography,
 “My   Wonderful World of Slapstick””
Beginning      around 1903, vaudevillian performers began to summer in the      area. Like many others, the Keatons discovered Muskegon during  appearances at the theater in 1902 and 1905. They became      enthralled with the area, and beginning in 1907, the family      returned annually.
In    the shadow of a massive dune known as Pigeon Hill.
The Colony celebrate Joe Keaton's birthday with a parade through    Bluffton.   The guest of honor and his bride Myra Keaton ride    Minnie the elephant - a performer in Max Gruber's "Oddities of the    Jungle" act.
Muskegon's Lake    Michigan Park Theater.
For Joe, the patriarch,    it was a slice of heaven. Bluffton offered a break from the constant    touring associated with vaudeville. He liked the recreation offered by    the lakes, the presence of other performers, and the carefree atmosphere    of the area. For his wife, Myra, a passionate card player, the community    offered an endless supply of pinochle partners. For his children, it was    a place to call home.
A map of Bluffton
From left to right:  Joe Keaton,      Paul Lucier and William "Mush" Rawls.  The three vaudeville      performers were instrumental in the formation of the "Artist's      Colony Club" in 1908.
On June 14, 1908, Joe Keaton and friends launched the "Artist's Colony Club" (later known as the Actors' Colony).      Keaton served as president, while Paul Lucier, a comic bellhop      on the vaudeville stage, held the rank of vice president.      William "Mush" Rawls, a jack-of-all-trades in vaudeville,      handled the duties of treasurer and secretary.  Late in the      summer, the group built a rustic, one-story clubhouse to serve      as their headquarters. The building was located on waterfront      property owned by Lew Earl, the first thespian to make Muskegon      his permanent summer home. (Because of this fact, Earl carried      the honorary title of "Mayor of Bluffton".) Known for its      exposed framework and unpainted state, the building was      fittingly christened "Cobwebs and Rafters."
 
The    Colony's first clubhouse, lovingly christened "Cobwebs and Rafters."
Landmarks of Bluffton
