Distinguished Guest Artists and Projects
Actors From The London Stage     [Lab Activities]
Actors From The London Stage is one of the oldest established touring Shakespeare theater companies in the world. Housed and work-shopped in England, with academic tours booked through the auspices of the Marie P. DeBartolo Center for the Performing Arts at the University of Notre Dame, this program is truly unique.
Offering a tour in the spring and another in the fall, AFTLS visits approximately sixteen to twenty universities in a year, giving students and faculty around the country a chance to experience its dynamic and enriching performing arts program.  Developed by Professor Homer Swander at the University of California, Santa Barbara and founded by the renowned British actor, Patrick Stewart, the one week residency program is truly an actor driven tour de force.
Coming from such prestigious companies as the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal National Theatre of Great Britain, and Shakespeare’s Globe Theatre, classically trained actors devote a large part of their time to student interaction. Be it in classroom workshops, on stage demonstrations, reading select texts as part of a “one hander” or having informal meetings with students who want to know more, AFTLS actors are truly committed to teaching and making themselves entirely accessible to students during their stay on campus. For students who work with an actor in class, it will change the way they look at all future plays and poems.
Due to its dynamic hands-on nature, the residency experience appeals to more than just English students. Classes, one-handers, and performances are often attended by students from other disciplines, including liberal studies, business schools, theater departments, gender studies, university seminars, and graduate programs.
To learn more about AFTLS, see pictures of past tours, or get important information on arranging an AFTLS tour to visit your campus, please visit the AFTLS website .
