On The 6th presents Wayne Durant, An Artist On The Rise
Take a minute and get to know Wayne's story..
In his own words:
My real name is Wayne Anthony Durant. I am a junior to my father. Born in the Bronx and raised in Manhattan. I have lived in Germany, Texas, Maryland and currently Albany, NY. My ethnicity is West Indian/American and I am a Capricorn!
As a kid at age 10, I fixed the cords to a radio I found in my apartment, began flipping through channels to hear what was playing. My first time hearing a beat I was hooked! The song was "Who Shot Ya" by Notorious B.I.G.
I grew up poor, bullied and different.
For me listening to music never stopped. Music transitioned my love for basketball. My dreams were to become a basketball player but I am too small. I began winning writing contests in school while growing up. At the age of 14 due to the Shyne album from Bad Boy Records and Britney Spears "Lucky" I started trying to write lyrics. At 16 years old I was kicked out of my house. I came back to NYC in 2001.
I wrote rhymes everyday in composition notebooks, whatever came to my head. I flipped the normal way to rap with my style, as the virgin in the classroom.
One year later a best friend I met at Central Park East Secondary school in Manhattan took me around NYC. I would rap in front of random people. Recording began for me that year too. My first songs was "3 Lessons" and "Gullah Cha Bing" I was on public access, I won the 2004 NYC writing contest based on the title "Sacrifice"
Freshman year of College, I recorded my first independent project for the campuses, online and anyone else listening titled "Independence" 40 songs were recorded that year with four different versions of the album. A 21 track version, 19 track version, 14 track version and a double album.
I have written many melodies, lyrics and songs all catered toward those living in reality. I don't only use profane speech. If I'm cursing its in a Zora Neale Hurston format.
Now, I'm still writing. I'm still recording and I've started shooting music videos to my favorite songs and my support systems favorite songs. This demo series is a different approach with a more professional sound and a vivid look at the hard work I put into my music. This year I would like to drop a music video for my visually demanding song titled "In My Hood"
My greatest accomplishment so far in life has to be graduating High School. I am an old school young kid. So, graduating high school was the proof and further push in my already instilled belief that there is a higher power.
Things that interest me Music, Video Games, Sports, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
My dream is my only option. Make music for as long as I live. I can make money from my music, of course.. that sounds good. I've been homeless and in shelters for three years straight. But, I want to get signed by a label who see's my vision is actually about having a dream and tackling it, not an idea based off of our faults as humans.
There are people who really listen to my lyrics. Constructive criticism, I'm either hot, awesome or wack., My minds a step ahead.. of the sound of this generation.
An artist should get the most out of each day. I see things that other people don't see. I can write for the rest of my life because I'm either living it or someone has/is experiencing my subject matter.
What inspires and motivates me, music, beats and me knowing people listen to the music I post. I listen to songs for motivation that speak about an artist coming from nothing and making something. Artists make the dream sound entirely real. If I work hard at this it will happen. I can hear the hard work in their voices I just hope someone hears me.
Advice for those looking to pursue their dreams, never give up, believe in yourself. If you don't feel great in a field make the switch and either learn or teach yourself. Once you find your talent work on that talent. It helps looking at what you can't have in life. It's more motivation to practice, practice and practice.
I want to be remember by my smile, my pain and my truth. My eerie ability to put an entire community if not world on my back and stress the importance of working towards a goal.
I cried when I failed out of college, I cried when my girlfriend dumped me, I cried watching sports, I cried tonight knowing that the hardest part to having talent is not knowing whether you have it or not because no one tells us anymore "you don't have the job"
A rumor I'd like to clear up, I am a fan of Kevin Durant. I would never use my real name to get noticed that's ignorance. My real name is symbolism of my journey confidence and the writers touch, that's all.
Watch his video:
