By Barbara Vancheri / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Turns out the feeling was mutual.
Filmmaker Michel Hazanavicius crafted a love letter to the cinema with his black-and-white, silent film "The Artist" and, Sunday, Hollywood returned the affection with Oscars for best picture, director and leading actor Jean Dujardin.
"I love your country," an exuberant Mr. Dujardin said. "In 1929, it wasn't Billy Crystal but Douglas Fairbanks who hosted the first Oscar ceremony. Tickets cost $5 and it lasted 15 minutes. Times have changed."
In "The Artist," Mr. Dujardin plays George Valentin, a screen idol in Hollywood who refuses to buy into the next big thing: the talkies. That decision, along with the Depression, costs him his fame, his marriage, his home, his confidence and his chauffeur, everything but his faithful dog and an extra turned leading lady.
If George Valentin could speak, he would shout, "Merci beaucoup, I love you!" the French actor, largely known for a pair of spy spoofs until now, said before
The 84th Academy Awards, hosted by Billy Crystal for a ninth time, also added the delightful descriptive of "Oscar winner" to the names of Meryl Streep of "the Iron Lady,", Octavia Spencer from "The Help" and Christopher Plummer of "Beginners."
Time was on the side of many of the winners, which turned the clock back to 1927 Los Angeles as in "The Artist," 1931 Paris in "Hugo" and 1960s segregated Mississippi in "The Help."
"I am the happiest director in the world right now," Mr. Hazanavicius said, shaking his head and acknowledging he forgot his speech. He managed to thank everyone from the crazy financiers to the cast, including Uggie the dog, and said the movie's life "is full of grace and it brings to us joy and happiness and sometimes life is wonderful and today is one of these days."
The 82-year-old Plummer became the oldest person to win an acting Oscar, nudging aside Jessica Tandy by roughly two years. Previously nominated for playing Tolstoy in "The Last Station," he won for "Beginners" in which he is a former museum director coping with life outside the closet and, later, a diagnosis of cancer.
Greeted by an extended standing ovation, Mr. Plummer looked at Oscar and said, "You're only two years older than me, darling, where have you been all my life? I have a confession to make, when I emerged from my mother's womb, I was already rehearsing my Academy thank you speech. But it was so long ago, mercifully for you, I've forgotten it."
1
