Voice Acting
Tiffany Grant
Best known as the character Asuka from Evangelion, Tiffany Grant has been working in anime since 1994. Her 1000+ voice credits include roles in Noir, Chrono Crusade, Blue Seed, Golden Boy, Azumanga Daioh, Full Metal Alchemist and — most recently — Infinite Stratos and Five Numbers. Her video game credits include Unlimited Saga and Deus Ex II: Invisible War. Grant has also written dubbing scripts for TV series such as Angelic Layer and The Wallflower. Non-anime work includes the film Arlington Road and indie flicks Laughing Boy, Dead of Knight and Lars the Emo Kid. She has also contributed to the charity albums Voices for Peace and Voices for Tolerance.
Learn more at www.tiffanygrant.eva-r.com .
Claire Hamilton
Gamers know Claire Hamilton as Zatanna or Huntress in DC Universe Online, Gandrayda in Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, or as Professor Moolinda Wu, Koko Smokesign and others in Wizard 101. Anime fans know her from ADV Films such as Tekken the Motion Picture, Final Fantasy: Unlimited, Soul Hunter and MAPS, as well as roles in Iczelion, Kotetsu, Sakura Wars and more. Working in musical theater, improv and on-camera led Hamilton to her specialty in voice-overs. Over the last 20 years, she has performed hundreds of voices for animation, games, narrations and commercials. In addition to belting out video game death screams, Hamilton builds custom costumes and jewelry.
Richard Horvitz
Although he’s acted in various sitcoms, television series and sketch comedy groups, Richard Horvitz is perhaps best known for his voice work as the title character Zim from the show Invader Zim, as the original Alpha 5 in TV’s Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, as Billy in The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, and as Daggett in The Angry Beavers. Horvitz has also voiced video games as Raz in Psychonauts and as Orthopox in the Destroy All Humans! series. More recently, he appeared as Matt Damon’s attorney in The Informant! and improvised alongside Steve Carell in the film Crazy, Stupid, Love. Horvitz also plays the character “Green Grapes” in the Fruit of the Loom commercials.
Samantha Inoue-Harte
Samantha Inoue-Harte co-founded Animetropolis, a transmedia production company, through which she is producing Tailchaser, an independent, 3D CG-animated feature ﬁlm adaptation of Tad Williams’ acclaimed best-selling fantasy novel Tailchaser’s Song. She has been part of the animation industry since 1997 and heads her own Austin-based animation studio. As an animator, she has worked on projects for Disney, Mattel, Warner Brothers and Fox Animation and also teaches at The Art Institute of Austin.  A voice actor since 1998, Inoue-Harte is perhaps best known for her role as Chocobo in Final Fantasy: Unlimited, but has also voiced in Sakura Wars, Getter Robo, Gatchaman, Trinity Blood and over 33 other animated titles. Her voice can also be heard in video games such as DC Universe Online, World of Warcraft and City of Heroes. Inoue-Harte’s on-screen presence can also be seen in Grindhouse, Sin City, Office Space, True Grit and various other films shot in Texas. Her repertoire of talent also includes cowboy action sharpshooting and FX makeup for films; most notably in the feature Teeth.
Rikki Simons
Rosearik Rikki Simons is a voice actor, writer, and artist most famous as the voice of the robot in a dog suit, GIR from Invader ZIM. He is also a background painter in animation, most noted for his color design on Invader ZIM. As an artist and writer Simons is known for science fantasy graphic novels such as Ranklechick and His Three Legged Cat, Super Information Hijinks: Reality Check!, and the unfinished six volume ShutterBox fantasy series, which he co-created with his wife, Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons. The weekly webcomic that the couple creates, titled @Tavicat, can be read at www.tavicat.com .
Veronica Taylor
Veronica Taylor has been a part of Saturday morning cartoons for some time now, probably best known for playing the voice of Ash and May on Pokemon and of April on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Currently, she can be heard as Max on Dinosaur King, Carly on Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D’s and as Tori in Tai Chi Chasers. She can also be heard on PBS kids’ Word World (Sheep), Lunch Lab (Mixiebot) and the recently launched Chuck Vanderchuck’s ‘something something’ Explosion! (Ramona). Anime favorites include Yukino on His and Hers Circumstances, Amelia on Slayers, all 7 Nanas on Nana Seven of Seven and Narue on . World of NarueTaylor has done numerous voices for animation, video games, audiobooks, commercials, and documentaries.
Learn more at www.veronicataylor.net .
Cosplay
FUNimation® Entertainment
FUNimation® Entertainment is the leading anime company in North America and has a proven formula for launching and advancing brands. They manage a full spectrum of rights for most of their brands, including broadcasting, licensing, production, internet and home video sales and distribution.
FUNimation will be holding several events and providing costume contest prizes for Comicpalooza 2012!
Learn more at www.funimation.com .
Lana Marie
Lana Marie has been active for over ten years in the Texas community as an actress, voice actor, model, brand ambassador and cosplayer. Comic books and video games have been a part of Marie’s life for as long as she can remember — she’s even named after Lana Lang (of Superman fame). Marie creates custom costumes for cosplay, her favorite being Catwoman from Tim Burton's Batman Returns. She has also cosplayed as numerous video game, comic book, movie and anime characters.
Learn more on their Facebook page .
Maria Ramos
TV host, model and cosplayer, Maria Ramos has been working in the entertainment industry for over 3 years. Within that short time she has already been featured in numerous online and magazine publications and is widely known as an avid video gamer and cosplayer. Ramos started her career as a glamour model and then with her love of video games combined her profession into cosplay modeling, giving her the chance to show her love for some of her favorite video game, anime, and comic book characters.
Learn more at www.mariedoll.com .
Professionals
Weldon Adams
Weldon Adams has worked in and around the comic book industry for over 30 years. As an Editor for APE Entertainment, he is responsible for Strawberry Shortcake, Pocket God, Dark Axis and Helldorado... so a ‘crossover event’ is not in his future. Adams has been an Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide advisor since 2005 and had an article published in the 35th edition. He has also been a clown and ballroom dance instructor.
Learn more at www.ape-entertainment.com .
Adams will be conducting portfolio reviews at Comicpalooza!
Raymond Chan
Dr. Raymond Chan is currently a postdoc working in the Neuroscience Department of Baylor College of Medicine, where he terrifies grasshoppers in flight for a living. Previous to this was life as a grad student at the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences and Leipzig University in Leipzig, Germany. Descending even deeper is his previous, previous life as an undergrad in the Australian National University in Canberra, Australia. Join Dr. Chan for a demonstration of neuroscience innovation at the convention!
Richard Dewell
Dr. Richard Dewell began his career at Washington University in St. Louis, obtaining a bachelor's degree with majors in psychology and cognitive neuroscience. He continued his study with a Ph.D. on synaptic plasticity and motor control from Louisiana State University. Currently, Dr. Dewell is continuing his diverse pursuit of understanding the mind at Baylor College of Medicine, where he uses varied techniques to study visual processing, escape behavior, and using neural output for robotic guidance. Dr. Dewell will present a demonstration of neuroscience innovation at the convention!
Gabriel Dieter
Gabriel Dieter, editor-in-chief of 22Veins, is Houston born, but raised in the chemical wasteland of Pasadena, Texas. He has spent his life preoccupied by sub-culture, conspiracy, and science fiction. Revenge of the World represents years of continuing works that address the tender and fragile parts of humanity with the sincerity of a comedian on death row. Regardless of how they look, his characters' conversations are very familiar to us. From the jealous space husband to the ghoul that just received a "Dear John" letter, these are social situations that all of us have been in. It's a realistic portrait of a very deformed world, carefully executed in watercolors and ink. Dieter's work doesn't prove there's life outside of our galaxy, but it does remind us that no one is safe from everyday B.S. — no matter which star you orbit.
Submit your artwork to Dieter for a portfolio review at Comicpalooza!
George Giordano
George Giordano, best known for his work in grindhouse special effects and stunts (Toxic Avenger, Deadly Manor, Wild Thing and The Bronx Wars) has also turned his talent towards his hobby — video game-based fan films. His latest work, Fallout Houston, is based on the world of Bethesda Softworks' and Obsidian Entertainment’s Fallout series of games (and is being filmed in the grindhouse style that Giordano knows so well). He will be displaying props from this production (including a life-size securitron ) and doing giveaways at Comicpalooza.
Learn more on IMDB .
Marcelo Gonzalez
Marcelo Gonzalez is a professor of Film/Video and Special Effects and Communication at Houston Community College (HCC) . Among other things, he teaches screenwriting, film production and film history. His journey into TV and film production began in 1986 when he produced a comic book television program called Splash Page in which he and his crew traveled to conventions all over the south, interviewing comic book creators and genre personalities such as Patrick Stewart, Michael Dorn and George Takei of Star Trek fame. He has a Bachelor’s of Arts in Radio and Television from the University of Houston and a Masters of Fine Arts in Motion Picture, Television and Recording Arts from Florida State University where he wrote and directed an award-winning film, Looking for Gomez. Since then he has written and worked on many feature films and taught at several Houston area colleges and Universities.
Bill Hughes
Bill Hughes began his career in visual storytelling as an artist and writer producing his own comic titles in the early 1990s. Hughes quickly graduated to penciling Star Wars Droids comics and eventually moved on to Star Wars childrens books and several of the Essential Guide series. Many of his designs can be seen in the latest feature films. Along with his wife Heidi, Hughes is an award-winning screenwriter and filmmaker and has been making feature films like their own The Color of Blood since forming The Big Tex Movin’ Picture Company in 2005. Currently in production is the visually-stunning comedy space epic, Matt Mercury, being produced in Houston and starring Matt Lavine, Chantal Nicole, Lauren Marie, Rick Corrigan, Roc Living and Brandon Thomas.
Join Hughes at Comicpalooza to learn more about Matt Mercury, his other upcoming film projects and his perspective on indy filmmaking.
Jim Livesey
Jim Livesey has been in the Houston film and video industry for more than 20 years. Most of the time he has considered it play (even though he has made a nice living) and occasionally he has considered it work. In 2002 he accidentally started teaching college and in 2010 he purposefully became a full-time faculty member of the Film/Video and Special Effects program at Houston Community College (HCC) .
Sean Otmishi
Sean Otmishi is professor in the computer science department at Houston Community College (HCC) System since 2009. He earned a M.Sc. in Computer Information Systems from University of Houston Victoria and also holds a B.Sc. in Management Information Systems from University of Houston Clear Lake. Otmishi is the Host and Producer of an AVA Plantum award winning show called Innovative Technology at HCC; the show provides viewers content on computer hardware, software and DIY computer projects.
Jacob Reimer
Dr. Jacob Reimer received his Ph.D. in neuroscience from the University of Chicago in 2009, where he studied the cortical neural activity underlying goal-directed arm movements in monkeys. His research there included the development of a closed-loop brain-machine interface system using the same multi-electrode array technology that has been successfully implemented in a small number of paralyzed human patients. Learn more at www.braingate.org.
See a demonstration of neuroscience innovation with Dr. Reimer at Comicpalooza!
Gaming
Keith Baker
Keith Baker is a novelist and game designer best known for creating the world of Eberron, a fantasy setting that serves as the foundation for over thirty novels, a host of D&D books, and two computer games including the MMORPG D&D Online. He has always sought to push the envelope of game design, whether in tabletop gaming, MMORPG design or card and board game design, as shown by his Origins Award-winning card game Gloom. When Baker is not traveling the world running games, he can be found talking about Eberron and other projects online.
Learn more at www.bossythecow.com/hdwt .
Breandán Ó Ciarraí
Breandán Ó Ciarraí has authored a succession of fantasy short stories as well as articles on technology, criminal justice matters and Gaelic cultural issues. He combines his interests in cutting-edge science and futurism with his traditionalist Gaelic cultural background and his experiences as a PMC operator and tactical medic in the military to shape the world of the Dark Nova universe. Currently, he is working on the sequels to the first Dark Nova novel, The Calling of Heroes, as well as groundwork for an urban fantasy RPG to follow on the success of the Dark Nova Roleplaying Game. As the lead writer and game developer for Dark Nova Games , Ciarraí expanded the universe first established in his novels into the immersive Dark Nova RPG, which debuted at Comicpalooza in 2011. He will debut its first expansion, Fortune and Glory, at Comicpalooza 2012.
Privateer Press
Warmachine and Hordes are award-winning games created by Privateer Press. They are fast-paced and aggressive 30mm tabletop miniatures games set in the steam-powered fantasy world of the Iron Kingdoms. There’s no room for hesitation or mercy as you take control of powerful soldier-sorcerers known as warcasters (in Warmachine) or warlocks (in Hordes) to destroy all who oppose you. Throughout the weekend, “Classic MK I” Hardcore and Steamroller tournaments will be available for veterans looking to prove their mettle and claim the title of Comicpalooza Convention Champion. Demos will be offered for those looking to start playing this awesome game.
Skirmisher Publishing LLC
Skirmisher Publishing LLC is a Texas-based publisher of wargames, roleplaying games, and historic reprints. Its products include several d20 books, the Cthulhu Live 3rd Edition live-action roleplaying game, a line of pre-painted resin Orc miniatures, and the Quactica line of white metal miniatures.
Learn more at www.skirmisher.com .
Michael O. Varhola
Michael O. Varhola is a freelance writer who founded and runs game company Skirmisher Publishing LLC, with which he has published more than 100 books, games, and other publications, including the d-Infinity multi-platform game magazine. He has authored or co-authored 10 non-fiction books on a wide variety of subjects and one novel. Varhola has also written for innumerable publications including Dragon magazine and the New York Times, and is an eight-year veteran of the U.S. Army. He also has an active online presence, notably through his TravelBlogue, Facebook, Texas Confidential Online site, and a variety of other blogs, forums, and sites.
Video Gaming
The Houston Area Arcade Group
The Houston Area Arcade Group (HAAG) will be providing a variety of retro games and classic video games for play at Comicpalooza! Join them for even more gaming fun at their 11th Annual Arcade Expo on November 2nd and 3rd in Northwest Houston. The expo will feature over 200 classic and current coin-op pinball machines, video arcade games, penny arcades and console video games ready for attendees to play free or even buy them for their home. There will be tournaments, events, music and workshops to keep the young and young-at-heart entertained.
Learn more at www.arcadecenter.com .
Houston Community College (HCC) Southwest
Adventure, excitement: a Jedi craves not these things, but you do... and you want to make a great living doing them, so think about a job in the film industry! The Film/Video and Special Effects program at HCC prepares students for this exciting growth industry by teaching them state of the art skill on the latest equipment including DSLR cameras and the Red One; real world skills that will prepare you for your job in the film industry. So don’t just watch movies... make them. Visit their booth for a live, Interactive Green Screen Experience.
Monster's   Arcade
Monster’s Arcade is a gaming center located in North Houston and offers an easy-going atmosphere and a lounge setup for the enjoyment all of the newest console games, be they Xbox 360, Nintendo Wii, or Playstation 3. Monthly tournaments are hosted in their building for games ranging from NBA 2K11 to the new Marvel vs Capcom 3, and there are always prizes for the winner. Computer and Xbox 360 repair services are also available.
Learn more on their Facebook page .
Screwdriver Studios
Screwdriver Studios opened in January of 2011 and specializes in mobile game development. The idea for RS Flux, a PC game in a revolutionary new genre, was conceptualized later that year. While PC game development is a new venture for our studio, the opportunity to create this game could not be passed up, and everyone at Screwdriver Studios is very excited to be a part of such a groundbreaking project. It is very challenging to make it as a startup game studio, especially with such an ambitious project in the works, but Screwdriver Studios has the determination, passion and drive to create exceptional games, and won't let anything slow them down. Screwdriver Studios will be conducting a demo of RS Flux at Comicpalooza.
Learn more at www.screwdriverstudios.com
TimeGate Studios
TimeGate Studios, Inc. has been creating exceptional, award-winning games in beautiful Sugar Land, Texas since 1998. Following their debut release of the highly-acclaimed strategy game, Kohan: Immortal Sovereigns, TimeGate has branched out into genres spanning all major platforms. Their vast lineup includes Axis & Allies, Section 8 and Section 8: Prejudice, F.E.A.R., and the highly-anticipated upcoming shooter, Aliens: Colonial Marines.
Learn more at www.timegate.com .
Adel Chaveleh
Adel Chaveleh is President and CEO of Houston-based video game developer, TimeGate Studios . After graduating from Louisiana State University with a degree in Computer and Electrical Engineering, Chaveleh co-founded TimeGate and set off to create the studio’s first game, the acclaimed Kohan: Immortal Sovereigns. With over 14 years of development experience and a past catalogue consisting of franchises such as F.E.A.R., Axis & Allies and Section 8, Chaveleh and TimeGate have emerged as one of the most well-respected developers in the industry. Aliens: Colonial Marines, the studio’s next title, is set to release on February 12, 2013 for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC.
Jan-Michael Del Rio
One of the older players in the Houston fighting game scene, Jan-Michael Del Rio has been playing competitively for the last 9 years. He started by playing Marvel vs Capcom 2 in local arcades and eventually became a regular at the Stargate Arcade, the most competitive arcade in the city. Del Rio first garnered national recognition playing Guilty Gear and is known for specializing in command grab characters. As one of the most notable players from Texas for the last 7 years, he has won various tournaments within the state and has represented the U.S. at Super Battle Opera in Japan on three occasions. Most recently, he has been building the Houston fighting game scene by establishing regular practice sessions and starting a successful weekly tournament known as the Expose series.
Nathan Guerrero
Nathan Guerrero is a tournament organizer for Yu-Gi-Oh, Pokemon and Magic: The Gathering, but is best known for his video game tournaments. Guerrero has been playing fighting games on the professional level for over 15 years and has coached others who share the same ambitions. His background in game design simulation combined with skills in freelance writing and storyboarding led him to work with the game company Huebris. He plans on continuing his quest to help the fighting game community grow in Houston, Texas by working with companies such as Monster’s Arcade and Planet Zero.
Stone Nguyen
Known for playing multiple games, Stone Nguyen has been competing in fighting game tournaments since 2001. He first gained attention after the release of Guilty Gear XX when he started traveling around the country to compete, eventually placing 13th at Evo 2k5. Nguyen has recently made a name for himself playing Marvel vs Capcom 3, consistently placing top 3 in Texas competitions. Notable placement at major tournaments includes 13th at Evo and 9th at the recent Final Round 15 event.
Brett Norton
When his upcoming game Aliens: Colonial Marines finishes, Norton will have shipped seven different games in his nine years at TimeGate Studios . While by day he’s the Design Director and Vice President of the Houston developer, by night he’s a hardcore gamer with a passion for shooters, RPGs, strategy and fighting games. A bountiful source of industry knowledge, Norton is always willing to help fans learn about career opportunities in the gaming field.
Entertainers
Addisyn Madd
Performer Addisyn Madd is captain of the Landship Dead Betty, musician agent of obscure enterprise and a soldier of paranoia. He believes he is constantly falling in all directions through Wyrmholes that lead him through disturbing visions of a present future past that appear to drive his madness. He radiates in a natural, darker sound, with a hint of haunting angelic angst and a need to change with chaos. Join this Madd man for a few panels of the victorian/steampunk variety, the likes of which you’ve never seen.
After Midnight
After Midnight is a traveling "shadow" cast based out of Houston, Texas. With a dedicated and versatile troupe of players they perform a variety of musical shows all over the United States. Some of the shows they perform include Repo! The Genetic Opera, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog. Always sure to leave the crowd wanting more, this is one cast you don't want to miss!
ArcAttack
Creators of the original Singing Tesla Coils, the crew of ArcAttack uses their high-tech wizardry to generate a truly "electrifying" performance. Two custom-engineered, hand-built Tesla Coils throw out electrical arcs up to twelve feet long, each one acting as an instrument with a sound reminiscent of the early days of the synthesizer. A robotic drum set accompanies the spectacle, it's high power LEDs flashing bright colors with the stroke of each mechanically-actuated stick, while ArcAttack's six members churn out rhythmic instrumental melodies. Live instruments meet drum loops and samples to produce rock, electronica and indie with a splash of punk and a dash of metal served with a side of pop. During the show, the MC engages both the crowd and the Tesla Coils by walking through half million Volt sparks wearing the relatively thin layer of his chain-mail Faraday suit. This high-powered performance is unique in its elements and energy, being at the same time mesmerizing and energetically thrilling.
Braggart Family SideCircus
The Braggart Family SideCircus is a troupe of performers whose repertoire includes juggling, fire manipulation, acrobatics and other similar sideshow feats. In addition to the aforementioned acts of daring, they also feature clowns and bellydancers and they run a small museum of oddities known as The Braggart Collection of Oddities and Strange Art. Though the SideCircus has featured different performers through the years, the two prominent members are half-brothers Jay and Hans. The sons of a fire-eating dwarf, the Braggarts were born into the world of sideshow. While some kids played catch with their parents, the Braggarts spent their childhood helping their dad with acts such as knife-throwing, glass-walking and sword-swallowing.
Chanson de Vie (CDV) Dance Troupe
Chanson de Vie (CDV) dance troupe, based out of League City, Texas, is a bellydance performance group that is unbounded by specific bellydance styles. The troupe mixes styles such as Egyptian, Gypsy, Steampunk, Gothic, and Tribal-inspired dances in their shows. Traditional Middle Eastern music, modern American pop music, and even cartoon theme songs have been heard when the ladies of CDV are performing. Troupe director Cahira has been teaching bellydance for 6 years at the Chanson de Vie Dance Studio and will be offering bellydance instruction classes at Comicpalooza.
Learn  more at www.chansondevie.com .
Doomsday Wrestling
Doomsday Wrestling is the most ferociously funny wrestling show to ever claw its way through the ropes! Voted “Best Comedy Show” by Houston Press, Doomsday Wrestling will bodyslam and headlock your funny bone into submission with the perfect tag-team partner — Comicpalooza. Violence has never been this funny!
Houston Roller Derby
Houston Roller Derby (HRD) is a full-contact, all-female sport played on quad roller skates. Since organizing in 2005, HRD has grown into a league of more than 80 skaters that sells about 1,200 tickets for each bout. Bouts are held on the third Saturday of each month during the season, which runs from March through September at Bayou Music Center (formerly the Verizon Wireless Theater). The league consists of four home teams — the Bayou City Bosses, the Brawlers, the Psych Ward Sirens and our brand new team, the Valkyries. HRD also has two travel teams — the nationally ranked All Stars and JV travel team, the Knockouts. Check out their Comicpalooza-exclusive events throughout the weekend!
Learn more at www.HoustonRollerDerby.com .
International Quidditch Association
The International Quidditch Association (IQA) is a magical nonprofit dedicated to promoting the sport of Quidditch and inspiring young people to lead physically active and socially engaged lives. Quidditch is derived from the Harry Potter series. Much like the book describes, the game involves broomsticks and multiple balls, and the objective of the game is to score in the opposing team's hoops. Each game is contingent upon the catch of the Snitch, typically represented by a person dressed in gold with a ball-in-sock attached to the back of their shorts. Once this item is taken, the game is over. Join the IQA for exhibition matches at Comicpalooza!
Midnight Carnival
Blending rock, electronica, metal and classical music give Midnight Carnival their one-of-a-kind, signature sound. Unique fashion, art and narratives backed by an energetic live show make Midnight Carnival an audio and visual tour de force. Welcome to a new era of Steampunk.
 
Learn more at www.reverbnation.com/midnightcarnival .
Professor Elemental
Professor Elemental has created a unique neo-Victorian blend of hip hop and comedy, and is the man behind the world's first steampunk rap album. His music charts subjects such as steam-powered flight, underwater discovery, and nice cups of tea. With a heart of brass and a pair of goggles, he embodies the Victorian spirit of invention and exploration. His act has gone like clockwork at such major conventions as The Steampunk World's Fair, Weekend at the Asylum, and The Canadian Steampunk Exhibition.
Learn more at www.professorelemental.com .
NWA Houston
NWA Houston is an associate member of the oldest and most storied wrestling alliance in the world, the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). You can see live NWA Houston action on the second Friday of every month at VFW Post 8905 in Cypress, Texas. Come out and see why NWA Houston is the fastest-growing and most popular promotion in South Texas!
Learn more at www.nwahouston.com .
Fan Groups
42nd Airship Battalion
The 42nd Airship Battalion is a loosely organized group of Steampunks in the Houston Area.  With about 100 local members, they have several meetings per year and regularly invade pop-culture conventions. Look for them at the Texas Renaissance Festival on pirate weekend. Many of the members crew on local Airships but most are independent Steampunks.
501st Legion — Star Garrison
Star Garrison represents the Oklahoma, Arkansas and Texas regions of the 501st Legion (aka Vader’s Fist), a worldwide Star Wars fan club celebrating the Star Wars universe using costumes and props, in particular those of the Stormtrooper characters, Imperial forces, and other various "bad guy" characters. The Legion is a volunteer club formed for the express purpose of bringing together costume enthusiasts and giving them a collective identity within which to operate. The Legion's aims are to celebrate the Star Wars movies through the wearing of costumes, to promote the quality and improvement of costumes and props, and — most importantly — to contribute to the local community through charity and volunteer work.
Airship Aurora
The Airship Aurora comes from a different reality, where the Victorian aesthetic never died, and was able to coalesce with modern function. As a crew they travel through different dimensions and times to attain knowledge and goods in the name of Her Majesty the Queen. They are captained by Amelia Faustin Tanner and the crew consists of a small group of different personalities that have been collected from different times and dimensions. In this reality, the Airship Aurora is a group of artists and pioneers who have come together to embrace the steampunk culture. Their goal to to spread the message and community of steampunk to a greater audience, and to present a new outlet of creativity to the masses.
Association for Renaissance Martial Arts (ARMA)
ARMA focuses on reviving the forgotten teachings of the Masters of Defence and fighting schools. Sharing love for the culture of swordsmanship from the Middle Ages through the Renaissance, they give authoritative information to all willing to understand. While offering free educational resources and information, they pursue armed and unarmed knightly combat methods, swordplay, rapier fencing and other weaponry. ARMA is the cutting-edge in the study and legitimate practice of authentic Renaissance martial arts.
Battlestar Galactica Fan Club
Founded in 2000, the Battlestar Galactica Fan Club is one of the longest running BSG sites on the internet. It is also a truly international organization, with members from all over the world, and a Sister (or Brother!) site to Richard Hatch 's BattlestarGalactica.com.
Learn more at www.battlestarfanclub.com .
D20 Girls
The D20 Girls Project is both a community and modeling company dedicated to promoting girls of all shapes and sizes in fandoms ranging from gaming to cosplay, comic books to sci-fi, anime to horror, and so much more! The D20 Girls embody confidence, reliability, intelligence and a strong work ethic, and are all about the bonds that bring together like minded females, presenting a positive female image for them all!
Far Harad: Houston’s Dagorhir Chapter
In the Dagorhir Battle Game, Tolkien’s Middle Earth meets history’s Dark Age Europe. This action-focused foam fighting game gives everyone a chance to live the dream of being in the epic wars of both history and fantasy. There are no levels, no magic and no boundaries to the warrior that you can become. Houston’s local chapter, the Far Harad, stands before you clamored in hand-crafted weapons and armor, ready to teach you how to kill your friends .
Houston Area Ghostbusters
The Houston Area Ghostbusters is a fan-based group focused on community events and charity work. Founded in 2009, their main goal is to make a positive impact on the world through their love of movies, costumes and prop making.
International Plastic Modeler’s Society (IPMS) - Houston
IPMS/USA has become a 5,000 member, all-volunteer organization dedicated to promoting the modeling hobby while providing a venue for modelers to share their skills in a social setting, along with friendly but spirited competition in the form of local, regional, and national contests and conventions.
Pasadena Paranormal Research Team
The Pasadena Paranormal Research Team (also known as Pasadena P.R.T.) consists of a group of people from various backgrounds and religious beliefs who share a common interest in the paranormal and are willing to dedicate their time to research, investigate and document paranormal events and phenomena. They are located in Pasadena, Texas, and serve the surrounding communities; services are performed free for those in need. See them in action for Ghosthunting 102: Equipment at Comicpalooza!
Learn more at www.pasadenaprt.com .
Mighty Morphin' Texas Rangers
The Mighty Morphin' Texas Rangers is a group of Power Ranger cosplayers from all over the great Lone Star State. Our goal is to connect with other Rangers and fans in the state to discuss costumes, props and to coordinate for events and conventions.
Rebel Legion — Kessel Base
Kessel Base represents the Oklahoma, Arkansas and Texas regions of the Rebel Legion, an international Star Wars costuming organization created by, of and for people interested in creating costumes from the Star Wars mythos. Research, create, build and improve costumes in a place where costumers with similar passions share skills, tips and ideas. Jedi, Rebel Pilots, Troopers, Princesses and even Wookiees... they've got them all and are always looking for more good guys!
 
Save Our Seeker
Produced by Disney/ABC Studios, Legend of the Seeker is an Emmy-award winning fantasy TV show based on Terry Goodkind’s best selling epic series The Sword of Truth. The series follows the extraordinary transformation of woodsman Richard Cypher into a magical leader. Fans have organized a campaign, Save Our Seeker, in an effort to make season 3 a reality.
Learn more at www.saveourseeker.com .
Sherwood Forest Faire
Sherwood Forest Faire is a Renaissance Festival on Highway 290 between Brenham and Austin. Robin Hood invites you to join him for medieval adventures to remember! You’ll see over 150 crafters, gourmet food vendors and hundreds of entertainers playing music, juggling, sword fighting and more. Sherwood Forest Faire runs for eight consecutive weekends, from mid-February to late March. Also look for their Celtic Music Festival in September and Sherwood Summer Camp in July.
Learn more at www.sherwoodforestfaire.com .
Starfleet International - USS Zavala
Zavala is a chapter of Starfleet International, the oldest continuously operating Star Trek fan organization in the world. We dedicate ourselves to the ideals of diplomacy, justice, and the pursuit of knowledge espoused in the Star Trek genre.
The Steam Engine Intrepid
The Steam Engine Intrepid is a renegade steampunk group out of San Antonio, Texas, but they have scouts in other cities. The group prefers to travel by rail because the thought of an airship sickens their leader, the Dark Professor. The Professor's right hand man, Alaxaner Bishop, leads the security efforts with Shadow Dancer Arises as his apprentice and a few others as scouts and low-ranking security officers. The Professor also has The Child, who has been prophesied as the one who will bring peace and order. The child's keeper, She, is a dark-spirited being who oversees the safety of The Child. We try to continue the recruitment of new soldiers for the Professor’s drive for absolute power over the multiverse.
