Latinos   Leading the Smartphone Revolution
By   Kristian Ramos for Latinovations
Technology   adoption rates among Hispanics are, for the first time, not only keeping pace   with the general population, but the annual Nielson Report on Hispanic Consumers   reveals that they are actually leading the growth in mobile media adoption. 60   percent of Hispanic households own at least one video and Internet enabled cell   phone compared with 43 percent of general households. Hispanics outpace all   ethnic groups in mobile data service consumption including music and picture   downloads.
... READ   MORE
Call for   Entries: New Orleans Film Festival
The   New Orleans Film Society is currently accepting submissions for the 23rd annual   New Orleans Film Festival, with a late submission deadline of May 4 and a final   deadline of June 4. The festival will feature two film sidebars: one for   LGBT-related films and another for music films. Moviemaker Magazine has named   the New Orleans Film Festival one of the “25 Festivals Worth the Entry Fee.”
... READ   MORE
WGAW   Screening of '96 Minutes,' May 2 in LA
The   WGAW Committee of Women Writers and the WGAW Latino Writers Committee present a   screening or the film 96 Minutes on Wednesday, May 2 at 7:30pm in Los   Angeles. A Q&A will follow with Writer/Director Aimee Lagos. An RSVP is   required in order to attend the screening.
 
96   Minutes is   the spellbinding story of a carjacking and four kids caught in the hair-raising   chaos of one night.
... READ   MORE
The   HORRORphiles "Cinco de Miedo," May 2 in NYC
Latin   Horror, in association with New York Dark Side Horror Group, NewFilmmakers, and   Anthology Film Archives, cordially invite you to  "The HORRORphiles #9 - Cinco de MIEDO"  on Wednesday, May 2 in   New York City. Come out and join us in celebrating the work of Latino/a   filmmakers working within the genre of horror, and help us celebrate in ghoulish   style with a pre-Cinco de Mayo horror cocktail netwoking reception.
... READ   MORE
Rick   Najera & the ICU (Intensive Comedy Unit) Comedy Benefit
On   Friday, May 18th, friends of award-winning writer/comedian Rick Najera will come   together to celebrate 'familia' with an all-star line up of comedic performers   including special guest stars Johnny Sanchez (MADtv, Happy Feet), Carlos   Alazraqui (Reno 911, Comedy Central), Jill-Michele Melean (Nickelodeon, Comedy   Central) and Rudy Moreno (Showtime). On March 3rd, Najera was critically injured   in an accident and suffered head trauma that left him two weeks in the ICU. With   the generous outpouring of love and support from family, friends in the industry   and the community, Najera's recovery was nothing short of a   miracle.... READ   MORE
INDUSTRY   BUZZ
Robert   Rodriguez's Words of Wisdom For New Filmmakers
(CineMovie.tv)   - Who best to give advice on breaking into Hollywood than Robert Rodriguez who   got his start selling his body to research to fund his film El Mariachi. The Sin   City, Machete, and Once Upon A Time in Mexico director spoke as the keynote   speaker at the NALIP 2012 national conference, and offered some words of   wisdom.  READ MORE
Havana   Film Festival New York Closes with Cuban Zombie Comedy Juan of the   Dead
(LatinoBuzz)   - The 13th annual Havana Film Festival New York screened 40 films from across   Latin America and hosted almost as many filmmakers. The festival's small scale   creates a close-knit community of filmmakers who end up watching and discussing   each other's films at dinners that last into the wee hours of the night.  READ MORE
