Edit Discuss History
A voice actor (or voice-over artist) is an actor who uses only his or her voice to convey thoughts and emotions. Being deprived of the face and body in this effort can be a real challenge. Voice actors typically find their work fun and demanding, and it is often quite rewarding financially.
There are certain steps you can take to prepare yourself for a career as a voice actor or voiceover artist
Edit Steps
1
Practice reading articles and stories out loud, preferably those where you are required to use more than one voice. For example, reading "Dr. Seuss books or other fanciful children's tales is a great way to tell a story in the voices of the narrator and the other characters involved. Creating and portraying various personalities is valuable practice. When you get comfortable doing this, volunteer to read in front of groups of children. They will be open and honest in their reactions to your characterizations.
2
Continue to practice your new voices, and record them so you can evaluate your work. In addition, play the recordings (or do them "live") for friends and family, and ask them for constructive feedback.
3
Record other people's dialects and mimic them. Record yourself and compare the recording of your impressions to the recording of the real dialect. The more dialects you can do convincingly, and the more character voices you develop, the more you'll find your talents in demand.
4
Consult newspapers, trade magazines and internet ads to find people hiring for part-time vocal work. You can call area television and radio stations and ask about vocal work in their commercials. They may be looking for additional talent.
5
Always keep a copy of your work--essentially a recorded resume--for use when looking for future jobs.
6
Get copies of trade magazines. Look for them in libraries or online. Two such periodicals are "Radio Ink" and "Variety". These will list places that are hiring vocal talent.
7
The greater the population in your area,the more likely it is that you'll need an agent to represent you. In larger cities, you may also need to join a union. You can locate agents and voice-over actor's unions on the internet.
Edit Tips
When reading "copy" (a script), it can sometimes be helpful to SMILE. This can actually make your voice sound more engaging, more accessible. Smiling probably would not be appropriate when reading copy of a serious nature.
AVOID "popping" P's and B's. Popping is the distracting "windy" sound your mouth can make when pronouncing certain letters into a very closely placed microphone. You can remedy this problem with a smile! When your bottom lip is stretched (as in a smile), you have less of a chance of "popping the P's" - just another great reason to smile while doing the greatest job in the world!
Studying the masters of the craft will help you immensely. Listen carefully to the work of people like the late Mel Blanc (Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig), Dan Castellaneta (Homer Simpson), James Earl Jones (Darth Vader), and a host of other well known voice actors, both male and female.
Going to a community college that offers courses in Mass Communications can also help if you wish to be in radio production.
This is an industry that prefers youth. Most older voice actors have years of acting under their belts. If being a voice actor appeals to you, start pursuing your career right away.
It helps to be thick-skinned, metaphorically speaking. This is a business where you will hear a LOT of feedback, both good and bad. You will also be competing against many others for jobs in the larger markets, so be prepared for setbacks and disappointment. Never stop learning and growing.
