Lots of journal pages and more coloring pages.
Turkey in Disguise Grades Any
A great Thanksgiving Art activity. Make a turkey template. Draw a turkey outline on cardboard, about 12 inches tall. It should face forward, not in profile. Don't draw the tail feathers--you basically want a plucked turkey. I found a cartoon turkey on the Web that was easy to draw freehand. Cut out the cardboard turkey and use as a template to cut out tagboard turkeys for each student. Tell the students that Thanksgiving is coming and their job is to disguise their turkey so it doesn't end up on the Thanksgiving table. Provide construction paper, felt, fabric, yarn, etc. to glue onto their tagboard turkey. I have them glue one tiny feather peaking out from the disguise. Mount the turkeys on the bulletin board near a barn cutout that says "Turkey Hill Farm." Add the title "Turkeys in Disguise."
Kids love the absurdity of this activity. They've disguised their turkeys as American flags, hippies, ballerinas, the Statue of Liberty, French chefs, Santa Claus--it's just a great creative activity!
Submitted by: Eileen Thorpe
Make a Thanksgiving Word Scramble worksheet in seconds.
Thanksgiving Dinner Grades 4
A great lesson to apply real-world math skills and Thanksgiving.  A lesson I like to do with my 4th graders is gather food ads from the local grocery store chains around Thanksgiving. First, you can give them a budget and a set number of guests and have them plan a meal. This uses many math skills (especially multiplication, where the prices of turkey are given in per lb.). Also, you can have them compare the meals in two different grocery stores. This is truly real world connections.
Lesson Plan Submitted by: Virginia Richards, Shallowford Falls Elementary school in Marietta, Georgia VAH2O@email-removed
Thanksgiving Feast Grades Any
A fun feast idea for any age of student. Each year my Kindergarten children churn butter using an antique churn and whipping cream. While the children are churning they are also practicing their counting to 100. My churn is an English crank-type so it is easy for the children to sit on the floor and turn the handle. A parent volunteer usually holds the base of the churn steady as each child takes a turn churning and counting 100 revolutions. Whipping cream is used as the only ingredient for the homemade butter. As the butter is being churned, we also stir up a large batch of cornbread, which we bake in the classroom in a toaster oven. The cornbread smells delicious as it bakes.
After the butter is churned and the cornbread has cooled, the children eat the products dressed in their Indian and pilgrim costumes that they have made during the unit. The children use popsicle sticks to spread the butter onto their cornbread and stand up around the table, since little furniture and few utensils would have been had by the first settlers. Water or apple juice could also be served.
Idea Submitted by: Gary garyn@email-removed
Thanksgiving Ideas Grades Intermediate
A collection of nontraditional Thanksgiving ideas and activities for your students.
Ideas Submitted by: Vallye Blanton vblanton@email-removed , a fifth grade teacher at Lake Park Elementary School in Georgia. This tip was published in the NEA's Weekly Tip Newsletter.
Turkey Hand & Poem Grades K-3
Turn that cute turkey hand idea into something new! Have students make a turkey with their hands and decorate it. On the same paper, have them copy this poem:
This isn't just a turkey,
As anyone can see.
I made it with my hand,
Which is a part of me.
It comes with lots of love.
Especially to say,
I hope you have a very happy
Thanksgiving Day!
