Full Page
Food and Celebrations
Why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October is to give thanks to God for the bountiful harvest they had. It is celebrated during the close of the harvest season. Another reason why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October is because Canada has an earlier harvest season than its neighbor countries in Northern America.   However, its first thanksgiving celebration is not for this purpose. Canada?s first Thanksgiving celebration dated back in 1578 when Martin Frobisher, an explorer from England arrived in Newfoundland. He wanted to give thanks for arriving safe to the New World.   During the early days, thanksgiving was celebrated in late October or early November. In 1879, Canadian thanksgiving was declared a national holiday. It is being celebrated on the 6th day of November after that declaration. However, on January 31, 1957, the Canadian Parliament made the second Monday of October to be the official Thanksgiving Day celebration, hence, further signifying reasons why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October every year. Also, the Canadian Parliament further expressed why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October to be a day of general thanksgiving for the bountiful harvest Almighty God has blessed Canada. Why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October is more liturgical as it gives reference to God.   Moreover, after the World Wars, the celebration of Remembrance Day, the day that commemorates the many Canadians who died and served to protect Canada during the war, is being celebrated every November 11. Why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October was because these two holidays during those early years always fell on the same week. In order to distribute the holidays, Thanksgiving was placed between the other two holidays, Labour Day celebrated every September and Remembrance Day as mentioned above. But most especially, why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October was primarily because as a thanksgiving for the bountiful harvest they had as harvest seasons ended in October.   Another reason why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October is because of its geographical location. It is further north than the United States, the reason why its harvest season arrives earlier than the American harvest season. And because thanksgiving for Canadians was to show gratification to God for their bountiful harvest, they saw it proper to celebrate it in October that is why Canadian celebrate Thanksgiving in October. The celebration of Thanksgiving in Canada is more because of liturgical reason and is celebrated in churches. But it is also celebrated in a secular manner wherein parades and family reunions take place. But more emphasis is given on being thankful for the past harvest and praying for continued blessings for the coming year.
