By Victoria PTP
Wednesday, October 5th, 2011
While we start planning our turkey dinners and some quality family time, enjoy some history about Thanksgiving we discovered!
The first Thanksgiving dinner in Canada was in 1578, thanks to explorer Martin Frobisher who had been trying to find a northern passage to the Orient. He wanted to give thanks for surviving his long journey.
Canadians celebrate Thanksgiving on the second Monday in October while our friends in the U.S. celebrate the last Thursday of November
In the U.S. President Lincoln declared the last Thursday in November as Thanksgiving in 1863 but it wasn’t until 1941 that it was declared an official holiday
Thanksgiving also celebrates the successful bounty of crops harvested
The first Thanksgiving dinner did not include turkey
Both Canadian & U.S. Thanksgiving traditions include a football game
Most popular Thanksgiving dinner includes turkey, potatoes, vegetables (including Green bean casserole which Campbell Soup founded in 1955 while trying to put a new cookbook together. Today Campbell’s estimates $20 million worth of cream of mushroom soup sales to make this dish)
Turducken was invented in southern Louisiana in the early 80″s.
The National Turkey Federation estimated that in 2007, 46 million turkeys were consumed in the U.S. alone on Thanksgiving
Since 1947 The National Turkey Federation presents the U.S. President with a live turkey which gets pardoned & is then sent to live its days at Disneyland
One of the most popular symbols of Thanksgiving is the cornucopia (The horn of plenty) which dates back to ancient Greeks & Romans. In Greek mythology, the cornucopia was created by Zeus to produce a never ending supply of whatever the owner desires.
Cranberries were probably on the first Thanksgiving table. The American Indians taught the Pilgrims to make a cranberry sauce called “ibimi,” which means “bitter berry.” When the colonists saw the berry, they renamed it “crane-berry,” because its flowers resembled the long-necked bird called the crane.
For the kids: Make your own Paper plate cornucopia!
You will need:  9-inch paper plate, masking tape, scissors, craft glue, hot glue gun, manila rope OR braided twine, clothespins or binder clips, twine, coffee filter
To assemble:
1. To begin, take a paper plate and roll it into a cone, keeping in mind the shape of a cornucopia and how wide it should be at the mouth. Tape it into place and then roll the tape around and around the plate until it is completely covered, careful to leave a hole in the pointed end as a starting place for the twine. Completely wrapping the cone makes it more pliable and shapeable. Now turn the pointed end slightly upward to more closely resemble the cornucopia.
2. Now glue some manila rope around the mouth of the cone. This will give your cornucopia a more finished looked when complete. You can find manila rope in crafts or hardware stores but if you don’t want to bother with it, simply braid the twine using 3 or 6 strands, depending on how thick you want your trim to be. Make it pretty. Use the clothespins to hold it in place until the glue is completely dry
3. Next, drop some glue into the pointed end of the cornucopia and stick one end of the twine inside. Hot glue is so much easier to use here because it dries quickly and won’t drip and run all over the inside of the plate. Now with regular craft glue (Elmer’s is fantastic), run a few lines up and down the cornucopia and wrap the twine round and round the plate. This could take a little time and regular glue won’t dry before you get the twine in place. If it does, wrap faster or simply glue as you go. It will take about 30 feet of jute twine to completely wrap your cornucopia all the way to the mouth. Then tuck the twine under itself with a spot of glue for added security.
4. When all the glue has completely dried, tuck a coffee filter into the mouth and fill with nuts, berries, fruit, popcorn, candies, or whatever goodies you prefer.
However you celebrate this time of year, enjoy! Happy Thanksgiving from Par-T-Perfect!
