Thanksgiving                      Day in Canada
The                      Second Monday in October (deuxième lundi d'octobre) marks Canadian Thanksgiving Day (Jour de l'Action de grâces).
In Canada, the feasting expresses heartfelt gratitude for a good harvest and a good life. The roots of the festivities go back to Roman harvest celebrations and take a bit from French, English and   other more modern food fests. The horn of plenty - the cornucopia - symbolizes the abundance that Canadians enjoy from farms    and fields throughout the land.
From ocean to ocean, families gather to mark the day. The turkey    (dindon) is basted or other traditional foods are prepared and the harvest is celebrated according to time-honored traditions.
Canada Thanksgiving 2012 : This year, the date of Thanksgiving Day in Canada falls on Monday, October 8, 2012. However, in practice the date is not really fixed. While an American Thanksgiving is always firmly scheduled on the last Thursday of November, Canadians are free to choose any day (or opt to feast for all three days!) over a long and leisurely three-day Thanksgiving weekend in October ...
More about Canadian Thanksgiving around the Web:
Happy Thanksgiving from Canada 
 
Canadian Living - Enter "Thanksgiving" in the search box and find 50 ways to roast a turkey plus recipes for side dishes, ideas for festive holiday centerpieces, and lots more...
Thanksgiving Canada - Wikipedia entry on the holiday in Canada with a complete overview of its history & origins, related references and Thanksgiving food links.
CanadaInfo - Thanksgiving - More on the history of the holiday, with little known facts and trivia, related links.
Fête de l'Action de Grâce - "La tradition de rendre grâce remonte loin dans le temps. C'était la fête de la Terre-Mère: féconde, abondante, généreuse...la fête de l'automne et de la récolte." Jeux, Recettes, Bricolages, Cartes virtuelles, Icônes, Impressions, Informations...
Un souhait virtuel por l'Action de Grâce - These virtual greeting cards are in French. With the music, these sweet or funny greetings will brighten up anyone's Thanksgiving Day celebrations - Passe une belle fête de l'Action de grâce!
Canada.com Thanksgiving E-Cards - Colorful photos and accompanying Thanksgiving messages to send to friends & family.
