Login or register to post comments
Submitted by breadsong on October 9, 2010 - 11:14am.
Thanks ladies
Hello Karin and Pam, Thanks for your Thanksgiving wishes and compliments.
Karin, your leaf-scored bread is just perfect. What a fun technique (& thanks for giving me the German name for this bread - Kurbisbrot - I think the pumpkin belongs to the cucurbit family in the plant world? Perhaps the German word Kurbis and the English word cucurbit have a common (Latin?) origin?).
We're near the west coast & temperatures are mild, no snow yet. Pam I'm glad you have happy memories of Canada - Quebec is a beautiful province. I was there only briefly, once, and wish I could have stayed longer!
Regards, breadsong
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by gary.turner on October 10, 2010 - 8:05pm.
Turkey day punkin bread
If you tripled the recipe, am I correct in assuming those smaller loaves are about 200g each, and the larger represents the single recipe sized loaf (~400g)?
I am considering a triple sized batch, and wondered whether the smaller loaves were a better route to go; e.g. better volume with the smaller, or just nicer table presentation.
Either way I go, you get the blame, as I would never have considered pumpkin bread had yours not turned out so nice.
cheers,
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by gary.turner on October 10, 2010 - 8:11pm.
How did you decide on 200g of pumpkin puree? Was it enough? Too much?
thanks,
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by breadsong on October 10, 2010 - 9:13pm.
Thanks!
Hello Gary, I think the small boules weighed in at 220g each, and the balance went to the bigger boule (~500g).  Making the smaller ones increases the time it takes to get them into the oven, with the extra scoring....but the little one at dinner yesterday sure liked getting her own "kid-sized" pumpkin! So it was worth it!
I used 270g of water and 200g of pumpkin puree  to replace 450g of water in the final dough; I used 200g pumpkin puree only because that was the amount listed in the first formula I tried - a guess at an amount to substitute for Rose's formula x3.
I found the pumpkin flavor quite subtle but was expecting that; other posters had noted that sweet potato is the way to go for increased flavor, but I only had pumpkin on hand. The bread was still good though, & had lovely color.
I hope you have fun making these and thanks for your kind words...and hope your breads turn out fabulous!
Regards, breadsong
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by EvaB on October 12, 2010 - 9:34am.
Great looking breads
and yes kids love kid sized anything! Having been a kid and my mother making a just for me pie! (she used a tin from a childs kitchen toy set, back when they were made of real metal not plastic)
And I suspect you could have used more pumpkin to have more taste, and sometimes it depends on the pumpkin too! I have tons of dried pumpkin around so need to make some with my rehydrated pumpkin.
We had a nice meal yesterday and only had plain old pumpkin pie! But then again, I didn't have time to bake anything and bought the pie at farmer's market.
And we didn't have snow either and we are way up north at around 55N latitude and have been known to have lovely storms on Thanksgiving!
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by breadsong on August 1, 2011 - 9:55am.
Belated thanks, Eva!
Hello Eva,
Revisiting this post today I realize I never thanked you for your nice comments. Please accept my belated thanks!
I will keep your comment in mind re: 'more pumpkin to taste', or perhaps use a pumpkin/sweet potato blend 
next time.
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by EvaB on August 1, 2011 - 7:40pm.
I really didn't expect a reply,
but thank you for it, and looking at them again, think they would be lovely to try to bake. Isuspect that pumpkin flavour might be in the eye or taste buds of the cook! LOL I used to make pumpkin pie from hubbard squash, a bit more fiberous, but with the added spices and milk, very few people could tell the difference! It is a bit lighter than regular pumpkin, and that can be fixed by a tad more molasses in the mix! The funny thing is I've made sweet potato pie and followed the pumpkin recipe just substituting the cooked sweet potato for the pumpkin and most people don't even realize its not pumpkin unless I tell them, then they can differentiate by taste.
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by freerk on August 1, 2011 - 7:07am.
Don't ask me how I got on
Don't ask me how I got on this thread in the middle of summer... but this is going straight to my favorites. We don't have Thanksgiving here, but I can think of a whole lot of other good reasons to make this bread when the time is ripe (and the pumpkins as well)
Thanks Breadsong
Login or register to post comments
Submitted by breadsong on August 1, 2011 - 9:58am.
