Thanksgiving 2012
Thanksgiving Day
Thanksgiving 2012 (also called as Turkey Day) is a joyous family festival celebrated primarily in the United States, Canada and other countries with lots of enthusiasm. This is a holiday, special and well-commemorated to express gratitude and appreciation, and as well as a sincere thanksgiving, offered to God for all His blessings, and as well as to the family, loved ones and friends for all their support.
Traditionally, it has been the day to give thanks for a harvest that is bountiful and rich. Thanksgiving Day is celebrated on November in the United States, which is every fourth Thursday and in Canada it falls on the second Monday in the month of October.
When Is Thanksgiving 2012?
Date of the Thanksgiving holiday 2012
In the present times, Thanksgiving is commemorated on fourth Thursday of November in United States, and on the second Monday of October in Canada.
Date of Thanksgiving 2012 in United States: Thursday, 22 November 2012
Date of Thanksgiving 2012 in Canada: Monday, 8 October 2012
Date of Thanksgiving 2011 in United States: Thursday, 24 November 2011
Date of Thanksgiving 2011 in Canada: Monday, 10 October 2011
Date of Thanksgiving 2010 in United States: Thursday, 25 November 2010
Date of Thanksgiving 2010 in Canada: Monday, 11 October 2010
Historical Origins of Thanksgiving Day
The exact historical origin of the Thanksgiving Day is uncertain. Although the Americans commonly believe that Thanksgiving first took place at Plymouth Plantation, in Massachusetts, in 1621. In Canada, also, there is strong evidence for earlier celebrations in 1578 and in 1565 by Spanish explorers in Florida. Moreover, Thanksgiving Day is also observed in Leiden, the Netherlands. In the island of Grenada, there is a different holiday however which is celebrated at a similar time of year using the same name.
Origins of Thanksgiving Day in United States
Massachusetts
The celebration that occurred in Massachusetts, particularly in Plymouth Planatation, in the year 1961 was believed to be the traditional origin of the modern Thanksgiving in the United States. This festive gathering occurred early in history and was practiced after harvest festivities.
Florida
According to Robin Gioia snd Michael Gannon, Author and teacher at the University of Florida the earliest “Thanksgiving” celebration in the United States was first celebrated on September 8, 1565 by the Spaniards.
Origins of Thanksgiving Day in Canada
Newfoundland
In Canada, the history of Thanksgiving was after Martin Frobisher, who is a traveler trying and searching a way to find a northern passage to the Pacific Ocean, thus, when he returned after his voyage safe and sound, he then conducted a ceremony in thanksgiving for surpassing the long journey.
New France
In the early 17th century, French settlers celebrated their successful harvest and had their food shared with the natives, setting up the well known Order of Good Cheer.
Thanksgiving 2012 Observance Around The World
Thanksgiving 2012 in United States
Thanksgiving 2012 has been an annual tradition in the United States in thanking God for blessings. Modern time Thanksgiving celebration is primarily identified as a secular holiday, with Thanksgiving dinner consisting of baked or roasted turkey is usually the main highlight of the holiday.
Thanksgiving 2012 Canada
Thanksgiving 2012 in Canada , is a special holiday to show gratitude to the Lord during the closure of the harvest season. While the actual Thanksgiving holiday is on a Monday, Canadians might eat their Thanksgiving meal on any day of the three-day weekend, though Sunday and Monday are the most common.
Thanksgiving 2012 Netherlands
Thanksgiving Day 2012 service is held annually at Pieterskerk, a Gothic church in Leiden, on the morning of the American Thanksgiving Day, to honor the kindness and generosity the Pilgrims had experiences on their way to the New World.
Thanksgiving 2012 Grenada
In Grenada’s West Indian Island, there is a holiday celebrated on October 25, known as the Thanksgiving Day. It marks the anniversary led invasion of the United States in the island in 1983, in response to the deposition and execution of their Prime Minister.
Happy Thanksgiving Day 2012 !
Interesting places around the world
You may also like
