Thanksgiving Dessert Recipes
Grandma's Traditional Thanksgiving Dessert Recipes Make The Occasion Extra Special
You will love Grandma's Thanksgiving dessert recipes. These old fashioned Thanksgiving recipes make perfect pies, cakes, and delectable treats that you will be proud to serve at your Thanksgiving table and throughout the year.
The whole family will love these traditional desserts identified with the fall harvest. Some dishes are truly unique yet all are country-style delicious.
The History Of Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving Day is proclaimed by Canada's Parliament as "A Day of General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the bountiful harvest with which Canada has been blessed ...to be observed on the 2nd Monday in October."
This holiday of Thanksgiving is related to the harvest festivals long held in European countries. The first true Thanksgiving in North America is credited to the English Explorer Sir Martin Frobisher. He established a settlement in what is now the Canadian Province of Newfoundland and Labrador and held a service to give thanks to God in 1578.
Also in the 1500s, French Canadian settlers with explorer Samuel de Champlain routinely held large feasts to thank God for His provisions. Such feasts were common in the autumn among the early settlers. And in 1876, the Parliament of Canada declared Thanksgiving a national holiday.
Americans look to a Pilgrim feast at Plymouth Plantation, Massachusetts in 1621 as their first Thanksgiving. From that time on Thanksgivings were held at various locations and dates until 1863 when President Abraham Lincoln proclaimed a national Thanksgiving Day. Since then, it became an annual observance in the U.S.
The American Thanksgiving now tends to be more commercialized than Canada's, with a four-day weekend, large sponsored parades, and the televising of professional football games; but for both countries, it is an important family gathering centered around a large meal of roast turkey and stuffing, harvest vegetables, pumpkin pies, fruit and nuts.
Pumpkin Bars Recipe For Thanksgiving
The pumpkin is identified with Thanksgiving, and this easy Thanksgiving dessert recipe that features the delicious flavor of pumpkin will make you poplar with the dessert lovers at your house. With their rich-and-creamy cream cheese icing, these pumpkin bars will be a huge hit with family and friends of all ages. Serve them to the family as a treat after a walk in the woods or as an evening snack while watching a movie.
Pumpkin Bar Directions:
