 
 
Rosemary Roadhouse has been preparing for Thanksgiving dinner since September. Which is no surprise, since she expected to serve more than 700 plates of turkey.
Roadhouse has been part of the Cottam United Church’s annual turkey dinner for around 14 years. The event, which has always been on U.S. Thanksgiving, attracted around 800 community members and visitors last year and will have attracted around 900 guests by the end of Thursday night.
“This puts Cottam on the map,” Roadhouse said with a laugh, wiping down the church’s kitchen counter with a cloth. “People look forward to it, it’s about camaraderie. It’s fun doing this. Our church is a big family.”
The Thanksgiving dinner was made an annual event in the Second World War, around 1945, although the first dinner may have been held much earlier.
The first dinner didn’t feature turkeys at all. Instead, chickens were served as a way of thanking Americans for coming down Road 34 to buy Canadian fruits and vegetables. While 50 per cent of the guests used to be American, that number has dropped to 20 per cent after crossing the border became difficult.
“This is the major fundraiser of the year,” Roadhouse said, adding that the money from the dinner and bazaar goes toward the church and food banks.
Tickets cost $12.50 for adults and $6.25 for kids aged 5 to 12. Kids under five were free.
The dinner, which lasted from 11:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., is a way for Cottam to come together. And, mostly importantly, to eat.
The food, which was also available for sale as takeout, was made by volunteers and includes turkey, mashed potatoes, coleslaw, butternut squash, which Roadhouse started to purchase in September, and every kind of pie imaginable. And for many, like Bill Spicer, the selection was irresistible.
“We’ve been here four years in a row. It’s fun, and the food is really good,” said Spicer, a Windsor resident.
For Sandra Levy, a volunteer cook who has been involved with the dinner for 25 years, the night is about more than just food.
“This is a longstanding tradition of the church. This is the one event that brings the whole community together. It’s wonderful to see neighbours and people that attend other churches,” she said.
Shelley Lalani, who has been volunteering for seven years, closes her orthodontics office early every year to help with the dinner.
“It’s a great day. We have a lot of seniors that come, they are just so happy. It’s a home-cooked meal, everything’s homemade,” she said.
The volunteers, like the diners, range from boy scouts and high school students to longtime congregation members and seniors.
“Everybody pitches in, even high school kids. Some have been doing this for 40 years,” said Lalani, 47.  
For 15-year-old Kevin Chevalier, volunteering is a family tradition.
“My mom and grandma and dad are members of the church. Basically I just help, you get to meet a lot of people and I know a lot of people here. It’s been happening for I don’t know how long,” he said.
   
© (c) CanWest MediaWorks Publications Inc.
 
