American Thanksgiving is Way Better than Canadian Thanksgiving
November 27, 2008
Welcome to MoneyGrubbingLawyer. If this is your first time here, you may want to get started by learning a little bit more about me and about this site . If you like what you see, you can subscribe to receive updates by email or in a reader . Thanks for visiting!
I’m generally a bit of a patriotic prat when it comes to all things Canadian, but today I must break with that tradition. I am fully prepared for the slings and arrows that shall surely come from my fellow countrymen as I proclaim this heresy- American Thanksgiving totally kicks Canadian Thanksgiving’s ass.
It’s not that I don’t like my own Thanksgiving celebrations at the beginning of October- I really do. I even feel a little smug in the fact that our celebrations actually predate those of our southern neighbor and can be traced back to Martin Frobisher in 1578, and reflect our unique Canuck identity. But just like the little Jewish boy who secretly wishes that Santa would descend his chimney for a change, I’m a little envious of all that my Yankee brethren get to enjoy today. And ultimately, they trounce us in just about every measurement or comparison of holiday-goodness there is:
Timing - The Canadian Thanksgiving celebration on the second Monday in October reflects our shorter growing season and less hospitable climate. While it may be logical, it’s a less-than-ideal time for a holiday. In early October we’re still recovering from summer’s sweet kiss and enjoying a relaxed and temperate fall. Come late November, we’re stressed, cold, broke, and sore from raking leaves (and possibly shoveling snow). That’s when we really need a holiday the most! Advantage: USA.
Parades - In major Canadian centres, you might get an occasional small Thanksgiving Day parade or a tacky display in a shop window. The Americans, however, get to enjoy spectacles that make all other parades look like shoddy lineups for a soup kitchen.  Advantage: USA.
Shopping - The Canadian post-Thanksgiving shopping experience? Picking up Halloween candy at Wal-Mart. The American equivalent? Black Friday. ‘Nuff said. Advantage: USA.
Long Weekend - The American “Thanksgiving on a Thursday” tradition is pure brilliance and American know-how at its best, as it lends itself wonderfully to that holy grail of non-vacation vacations, the four day weekend. Canadian Thanksgiving falls on a Monday, making it a little harder to stretch it out. It can be done, but it’s not nearly as graceful. Advantage: USA.
Football - If there’s one comment I post on this blog that’s likely to get a Hoser Fatwa placed on my head, it’s this: Canadian. Football. Sucks. A CFL double header cannot even begin to compare to a full day of college and NFL Classics- top athletes playing, you know, real football.
Advantage: USA.
Funny Hats - Those pilgrim hats with the belt buckles? Awesome. What funny hats do Canadians get for Thanksgiving? None. And that’s just not fair. Advantage: USA.
Beer - I had to throw in something here to redeem Canada a little bit. Our holiday might suck almost as much as our football, but when you’re watching the big game, or the parade, or the turkey in the oven, a Canadian beer will beat that watery American slop every time. Advantage: Canada!
So there you have it- in the MGL Thanksgiving Classic, the American Thanksgiving humiliated the Canadian Thanksgiving 6-1. God Bless America!
Vintage Thanksgiving postcard by riptheskull .
You might also enjoy:
