The History of the Harvest Festival
Canadian Thanksgiving Emerges – Giving Thanks to God
Canadians followed Britain during the early Thanksgiving celebrations in the nineteenth century and actually used the holiday as a means to celebrate the conclusions of war or other struggles. The early Thanksgiving celebrations occurred at periodic intervals and never on an annual basis.
By the mid-nineteenth century, members of the Ontario clergy wished to formalize the holiday as a religious event, as a means to thank God. According to York University, “Protestant clergy successfully lobbied the Canadian government to create Canada's first, national Thanksgiving in 1859.” The Thanksgiving celebrations where held sporadically over the next decade.
Canadian Thanksgiving Gains National Identity and Blends with American Thanksgiving
Canada’s confederation in 1867 brought with it the emergence of a national identity. During the 1870s, US Thanksgiving tradition began to firmly establish itself as a time to spend with family, sharing feasts centered largely on turkey. The commercial focus on the American holiday grew quickly during this time and it spread throughout North America, with newspapers and travel businesses marketing the holiday. Canada soon followed America by holding its Thanksgiving annually on a Thursday in November from 1879-1898.
The cold November weather in Canada was not viewed as ideal and many Canadians favored October for its more temperate climate. Canada’s first break from American tradition came in 1899 when the holiday was moved from a Thursday in November to a Thursday in October.
The final major shift in the holiday occurred in 1908 when commercial and trade organizations pressured Parliament to move the holiday from Thursday to Monday, “in order to give
three days in which tradesmen and others could enjoy that holiday.” Additionally, this served the needs of the travel industry who could now advertise long weekend deals.
In 1931, Canadian Thanksgiving received its final change. For many years Thanksgiving had been celebrated in conjunction with Armistice Day, and in 1931 the two holidays were formally separated. Armistice Day was changed to November 11 and Thanksgiving set as the second Monday of October.
As an emerging country in the nineteenth century, Canada adapted the Thanksgiving tradition from Britain and over time complemented it with American customs. While Frobisher is commonly viewed as the founder of the tradition, new research depicts its formalization as an ultimately failed religious assertion that eventually morphed into the Canadian Thanksgiving holiday celebrated today.
Sources:
“ A Canadian Original or a U.S. Copy? “, York University Press Release (October 5th, 1999)
“Giving Thanks with Chilies and Basmati”, Marina Jimenez, The Globe and Mail (October 9, 2004)
The Origins of Canadian and American Political Differences, Jason Kaufman (2009)
" Thanksgiving and Remembrance Day ", Canadian Heritage Website
Women in Early America: Struggle, Survival, and Freedom in a New World, Dorothy A. Mays (2004)
“Tinkering with Thanksgiving: The Canadian Approach”, Don Sparling, Theory and Practice in English Studies 4 (2005, pages 237-242)
Copyright Allen Williams . Contact the author to obtain permission for republication.
Allen Williams - Allen Williams is a freelance writer with varied interests ranging from information architecture to reality TV and cooking. He considers ...
