Share Email Print
North of the border, things get crazy. They spell "color" with a "u," have a pastry called pets de soeurs (translation: nuns' farts), refer to Elephant Ears as either Moose Antlers or Beavers' Tails, and tell of people called "Newfies" who voluntarily eat "flipper pie," a beloved treat in which the flippers are real, and supplied, no doubt less voluntarily, by seals.
But our next-door neighbors aren't completely weird. They celebrate Thanksgiving, in a very similar fashion to the United States, just earlier: on the second Monday in October. The origins are similar, with the first recorded Thanksgiving in Canadian territory taking place in 1578.
Early Canadian celebrations were closer to the current American day-long binge than early U.S. ones, which were considered solemn days dedicated mostly to the act of giving thanks rather than to consuming as much tasty food as possible. After all, historically, the French always knew how to throw a better party than the Puritans, who came here, at least in part, so that they wouldn't ever have to party again.
For both countries, the holiday moved around over the next few centuries. In Canada, the official designation wasn't made until as late as 1957, almost a hundred years after President Lincoln set our current late November date. The menu is similar, featuring typical harvest bounty such as squash, yams, potatoes and a turkey with plenty of stuffing.
However, a generally more laid-back approach also introduces foods from Canada's multicultural background. One first-generation Canadian friend of Italian descent reports that his mother always makes a lamb dish because his father does not and never will understand turkey.
CanadianLiving.com has an outstanding recipe section, and supplied these two low-calorie, low-fat dishes. One is a season-appropriate lamb stew that would absolutely please my buddy's old man after a couple of changes: I substitute fresh mint, still easy to get south of the border at this time of year, and add it and the green beans at the very last second. The other is a yummy crisp with that quintessentially Canadian flavor - seal flippers! Whoops. I mean, maple. Enjoy.
Mediterranean Lamb and Squash Stew
Adapted from The Canadian Living Test Kitchen.
1 pound boneless lamb shoulder
1⁄2 teaspoon pepper
