Lake Louise: Fairmont Luxury, Christmas Beauty  from  $1681 CAD
The Diamond in the Wilderness, Chateau Lake Louise sits on the shores of Lake Louise, overlooking the Victoria Glacier in Banff National Park. Room types are the Fairmont, Mountain, Lakeside Deluxe and Lake Louise Premier rooms with a lake view . ...more >
Whistler: Christmas Ski Extravaganza from  $2120 CAD
Nestled in Whistler Village's Library Square, the Pinnacle International hotel is just a few minutes walk to both Whistler and Blackcomb mountains. Located in the  heart of the Village, the hotel is close  to Whistler's finest restaurants, stores, sports facilities and lively nightlife - all easily accessible within the Village's "pedestrian only" Town Plaza . ...more >
Mont Tremblant: One Suite Christmas Holiday Trip from  $2202 CAD
The Homewood Suites Hilton puts you at the heart of an alpine village celebration! This prime location offers true ski-in and ski-out, located in front of the two main lifts of the mountain. The hotel offers a variety of spacious Suites, most of them with fireplace and fully equipped kitchen, free parking, laundry corner and a magnificent view on the mountain                             . ...more >
Mont Tremblant: A Charming Christmas Wonderland from  $2221 CAD
Mont-Tremblant's Marriott Residence Inn is located in the heart of the pedestrian village at the base of Mont-Tremblant within walking distance from the lifts. Also within walking distance are restaurants, bars and boutiques. The hotel is next to the Aquaclub La Source with indoor and outdoor pools and jacuzzis and is facing the Tremblant Convention Center                             . ...more >
Whistler: Westin Quality, Westin Christmas from  $2896 CAD
Award-winning architects and designers have created a classic mountain retreat at The Westin Resort & Spa, where the all-suite, slopeside accommodations boast luxury and style. Junior, one-bedroom and two-bedroom and Mountain suites feature premier quality kitchen appliances, luxurious soaker tubs, Heavenly Beds, fireplaces and an in-suite safe . ...more >
Whistler: Seasons Greetings of Pure Luxury from  $3762 CAD
The Four Seasons Resort is a newly-opened, fresh addition to the Whistler scene. Set at the base of Blackcomb Mountain it is the hotelier's first mountain resort in Canada. The Four Seasons includes a full-service concierge and an alpine sea-to-sky spa experience which incorporates seaweed, wild flowers, and clay harvested from British Columbia's glacial lakes into soothing treatments. . ...more >
Wondering why  you should choose SkiCanada for your vacation? Click here for more or call us  at: 1-866-275-4765
(toll free North America)
Copyright ©2003-
SkiCanada. All rights reserved.
SkiCanada - P.O. Box 3038 - Banff Alberta, T1L 1C7 Canada
Phone: 866/275-4765
