Uncategorized
Mississauga Kids Canadian Thanksgiving
Next weekend will be the weekend Canadian’s celebrate Thanksgiving.  Mississauga families will gather together and share good food and tell old family stories.  Some will go out of town to be with families.  Some will go north to the cottage to begin the task of closing up.  Some will be going to Alpha’s Discovery Centre’s 3rd Annual Thanksgiving Celebration !
I recently found some great video footage on the New York Times website.  The first video shows you how to roast a turkey in 45 minutes !  Now that could really come in handy if you are working around the cottage all day!  Maybe you’d rather be out enjoying one last ride around the lake?  The second video shows you how to carve a turkey properly .  I don’t know about you but this is an annual debate in my family!  I do hope you find both those links useful!
Canadian Living Magazine has a very useful web page with a list of Thanksgiving Recipes .  You can find everything there from Air-dried Bison with Roasted Beet and Pear Salad to Wine Poached Baby Apples with Cipollini .  I dare say you’ll find a recipe for stuffing there that will be much better than Stove Top Stuffing !
There are lots of fun craft ideas to do with the kids for Canadian Thanksgiving.   They can make a cute little turkey note holder magnet for Grandma’s refrigerator.  They can trace their hands and feet and turn them into a great turkey door decoration to give to Uncle Mike.  When I was little my siblings and I would always spend the morning making the place cards for the Thanksgiving table .
Whatever you do to celebrate Thanksgiving with your family remember to take time out to remember the reason for the day.  Let’s all be thankful for the blessing we have, both large and small.  Why not take a moment to leave me a comment about what you are grateful for this Thanksgiving!
Anne is thankful for all her friends and family and even her crazy airedale terrier.  She has a degree in Elementary Education for the State University of New York at New Paltz. She lives with her husband and son in Ontario and publishes Mississauga Kids an online resource for families featuring Mississauga Private Schools, Tutors, After School Activities and great articles for parents from anywhere!
