Celebrating in Toronto
  Time saving tips
Call a vegetarian-friendly restaurant [ Toronto , World Links ] and order an entrée or side dish that you can pick up. Bring your own containers. Le Commensal (several locations in Quebec and one in Toronto) has an excellent selection in their buffet. They also carry pre-packaged savoury pies, pâtés, fancy desserts, etc.
Larger natural food stores [ Toronto , World Links ] carry Tofurky (“a bird-free feast with all the trimmings”) and a wide variety of vegetarian dips, pâtés, faux meats, frozen entrees, non-dairy ice cream, pies, and much more.
Arrange for some of the guests to contribute a dish.
Prepare some of the items ahead of time. Use easy recipes that you are already familiar with.
Holiday recipes
Vegetarian Holidays information & recipe sheet
View our printable two-page holiday fact sheet: vegetarian-holiday.pdf (180 kb). It includes the following recipes: Easy Festive Bake, Stuffed Tofu Turkey, Good Gravy, Sweet Potato and Parsnip Casserole, Chestnut Soup with Greens, and Ginger Cranberry Mincemeat Pie.
Roasted Chestnuts
Thanksgiving recipe links
VegCooking.com
Vegan recipe site by PETA, with special holiday menus – see Harvest recipes , and a Celebrate a Vegan Holiday.
Food.com (formerly Recipe Zaar)
57,000+ | Ratings | Nutrition info | Change servings | Flag recipes | Many photos
They have over 1300 recipes marked as vegetarian and Thanksgiving (285+ of them are marked as vegan ). Excellent search and sort feature. You can also search for other holidays.
VegWeb.com
Over 60 vegan Thanksgiving  recipes . 
All Recipes
3,900+ | Ratings | Nutrition info | Change servings | Flag recipes | Some photos
A  search for Vegetarian Thanksgiving yields several choices.
See Top recipe sites for more detailed information about many of the above sites.
 
Celebrating  in Toronto – October 2011 Update
Meals out at Restaurants
Commensal : "For Thanksgiving weekend, starting Friday October 9th, Commensal has prepared special menu items including Squash Enchilada, Roasted Roots Vegetables, BBQ Buttercup Squash, and  Golden Baked Un-meatloaf--a mixture of ground soy protein, oatmeal, brown rice, carrot, mushroom and  walnut delicately seasoned and spiced, wrapped with pastry top and baked to perfection.  A vegan gravy is served on the side.  Fresh apple cider from our local orchard is served hot and cold."
Green Earth Vegetarian Cuisine “invites you to try out our Thanksgiving Special. From Oct. 7-10, in addition to our regular menu, we are also offering a pre-fixe menu ($18.95/person) that has the following: 1. Hearty Harvest Soup. 2. Our house made herb seasoned stuffed vegan turkey slice with mashed potato and mushroom gravy, cranberry sauce, green beans, and corn on the cob. 3. Sparkling apple cider. 4. Pumpkin cheesecake. Seating is limited.  Reservations recommended."
 
 Soup n' Such Café
Soup n’ Such Café : “We have put together a special that celebrates the harvest. New butternut squash with chick pea soup, paired with our spinach salad, for a tasty way to welcome autumn. This full, well balanced meal is only $7.00! Available from this Sunday, October 2nd through October 16th.”
The Hogtown Vegan : “Next Sunday (Oct 9) we're offering a Thanksgiving Dinner Prix Fixe! 3 course, $20/person. Squash Soup, Housemade Thanksgiving Roast, Mashed Potatoes, Sauteed Garlic Greens, Cornbread Stuffing, Pumpkin Pie with Whipped Cream and more! All vegan and gluten-free.”
To bring home from Restaurants, Cafés, Bakeries
Bunner's Bakeshop : “Order your Thanksgiving pie between September 27th and October 4th (for pick-up October 8/9) and receive $3 off every pie you order! We have the classics like Pumpkin Pie & Apple Pie, and for something a little different- Maple Plum Pie! (mmmm!) Please call us at the shop to place your order: 647-352-2975 . We'll also be doing some Veggie Pot Pies and Stuffing that weekend so look out for those guys when you pick up your pie!
Cruda Café : “We are offering raw, gluten-free pumpkin pies for Thanks giving. We are offering NO TAX to Vegetarian Discount Card holders in addition to the 10% off they get with their card.”
Green Earth Vegetarian Cuisine : “Order a whole stuffed vegan turkey for $49.95 to celebrate Thanksgiving in the comfort of your home.  The turkey serves 6-8 persons.  It is recommended that customers reserve the turkey in advance as we don't make that many extra.  Only reservations are guaranteed.  They can schedule a pickup any time during normal business
hours.  We will be opened during the holiday.  The only days we are closed are on Tuesdays.  We will honor the discounts applicable to Vegetarian Discount Card holders."
Khalsa Pizza: “We would like to thank our customers for their continuous support for helping us achieve our goals as the one and only vegetarian Pizza in town.  As a token of our appreciation we would give you a free drink with your purchase on the Thanksgiving weekend when you mention veg.ca.  Specials include two large vegetarian or vegan pizzas for only $20.99."
 
 LPK's Culinary Groove
LPK’s Culinary Groove : " Popular items this Thanksgiving will include vegan and gluten free Apple Pies, and gluten free Pumpkin, Butternut Squash or Pecan Pies.  You can also visit LPK's booth at the following Farmers Markets; Evergreen Brick Works, Withrow Park, and Leslieville Market."
Organic Oven:  ( Toronto Café, Brampton bakery) “Our gluten free apple or blueberry pies are vegan and sugar free. The pumpkin pies are gluten, sugar and dairy free. Lots of vegan cakes and cupcakes to choose from. Order in by Thursday October 6th so you aren’t disappointed!  After that, it will be first come first served.”
Sweets from the Earth : "We are launching a spiced pumpkin cupcake with orange frosting.  Debuting at Fresh on Wednesday Oct 12."
Wanda's Pie in the Sky : "have a whole bunch of exciting fall specials. Including; Pumpkin, Cranberry & Pear  Pie & Tarts,  Pumpkin Coffee Cake, Sweet Potato Praline Pie, Pumpkin Cheesecake and more!"  
Some restaurants are closed for the holiday. Best to call first.
From Natural Food Stores:
Big Carrot ’s “own Organic Pumpkin Pies $16.99. Meet Chef John Robertson who will be sampling the pies on October 8 from 12-3 pm. Under John's leadership, the Big Carrot kitchen is the first of its kind in Canada to produce over 40 fresh organic dishes and desserts daily.”
Boardwalk Chocolates is offering: “Dark chocolate maple leaf suckers with maple sugar sprinkle!” Pick them up at Panacea .
 
 Gardein's Herbed Stuffed Tuk'y
Gardein has introduced a limited edition Gardein Herbed Stuffed Turk'y . It’s “a delicious meatless main course, offers 23 grams of protein, 12 grams of fat and 280 calories. The turk'y is breaded with toasted crumbs and is stuffed with celery, onions, cranberries, and bread crumbs and comes with vegan gravy. Suggested retail price is $6.99 or less for a frozen bag of two turk'y entrees with individual gravy servings”.
The Sweet Potato : “We're going to have the following Thanksgiving themed sales beginning Thursday, October 6th: Tofurky Roasts for $9.99 (regularly $12.99). Local Organic White Potatoes, $1.99/5lb bag. Local Organic Squash, all varieties, 89 cents/lb. Local Wild Iroquois Grower Cranberries, $2.99/lb. Local Organic McIntosh Apples, $3.99/3lb bag. Birds & Beans Coffee (Triple Certified - Fair Trade, Organic, Bird Friendly), $1.00 off/bag. Choice Organic Teas $2.99. Local Organic Filsinger's Apple Cider, $2.99/quart.
Ying Ying's Organic Gourmet Tofu in the St. Lawrence Market offers tofu roast and other fresh mock meat dishes for pickup.
Online Shopping
Karmavore Vegan Shop : ”We have the Field Roast Celebration Roasts along with their Porcini Mushroom Gravy . Makes a wonderful holiday meal!” Use this coupon code for 5% off!  torveg5net
 
©1996-2011 Toronto Vegetarian Association. Some rights reserved.
17 Baldwin Sreet, 2nd floor, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5T 1L1
Inspiring people to choose a healthier, greener, more peaceful lifestyle.
Charitable Registration No. 119267532RR0001
