How to Eat Thanksgiving Dinner
Yesterday was Canadian Thanksgiving. (actually some people think that Sunday is the actual Thanksgiving but we had turkey yesterday so I’m just gonna stick with that. If you’d like to weigh in, pun intended, on which day it is please feel free to leave a comment
Ok, so yesterday was Canadian Thanksgiving. A day feared by everyone who is watching what they eat or trying to lose weight. I’m going to go ahead and lump myself into that category.
Without a doubt, turkey is my favourite meal. I love it. I could eat a whole roast turkey all by myself and wash it down with a good rosé. I loves me some turkey!!!
The thing is, even though turkey is widely thought to be pretty good for you, you have to make sure that you eat it in moderation. This site has a list of everything in a typical Thanksgiving dinner and lists portions and calories.
I think that, conservatively, I would estimate that I ate about half of what is listed on their site but if that’s true then I consumed over 2000 calories yesterday! Holy Crap! No wonder I was terrified of Thanksgiving.
While I did have a piece of pumpkin pie, I also showed quite a bit of restraint and, to be perfectly honest, I likely did not eat 2000 calories. Mostly because it’s unlikely that I could eat that much after a couple of months on the Body By Vi Challenge.
It’s funny because I simply did not feel like over-endulging and feeling like crap. Even with my portioned-controlled plate, I felt that I ate quite a bit more food than was strictly necessary for survival or satiation.
So my big tip? What you need to do is put some food on your plate. Put about 1/3 of what you would usually load up the plate with. Make it exactly the way you love it. If you love stuffing and gravy put them on there, don’t deny yourself the foods you love, just be smart.
Ok, so after you’ve eaten this plate of food, sit back for 10 minutes. Just don’t have anything for 10 min. I know, you see everyone at the table gorging themselves but you can do anything for 10 minutes. Right?
If, after 10 minutes, you feel like you absolutely positively must have some more, have a little more but don’t go over-board. And don’t bend to the comments of others. If they’re not on board with your plan then they’re mean and horrible people who are just jealous that you’re losing weight and getting healthy. Umm, not that I know anyone like that
It’s all about moderation on Thanksgiving. You American’s have your own turkey day next month and to stick with your goals you have to keep them in mind all the time.
You can do it! Besides, if you don’t eat tons of turkey on Thanksgiving you’ll have lots left for lunches!
