re: eatwell
Thanksgiving/Action de grâce is a statutory holiday in Canada, so all government offices, post offices and banks are closed. On the other hand, many retail stores, including government-run SAQ outlets, are open during regular business hours. In that way, if no other, it's not an important holiday like, say, Christmas, New Year's or even La Fête nationale (aka St. Jean Baptiste day).
One might even argue that, in Quebec, Thanksgiving is to Christmas as Canada Day is to La Fête nationale in that a significant percentage of Quebecers pay little attention to Thanksgiving/Canada Day and those who do tend to be anglophone and/or live close to the Ontario border (e.g. in St-Lazare). Yes, turkey and cranberry sales go up in the days before the holiday, but I bet it's not even half as much as they do in Manitoba or Nova Scotia.
None of my francophone friends or colleagues make a traditional turkey dinner, and only a very few of my anglo friends do (the last time I was invited to a Thanksgiving dinner was probably 20 years ago). Very few restaurants acknowledge the holiday, nor are there many church, social club or community organization "turkey and all the trimmings" banquets, especially outside the anglo enclaves. Though some must exist, I don't recall ever hearing of a Quebecer who made a special trip, who travelled a long distance, to be with his/her family specifically for Action de grâce.
Compare that with the States, where the Thanksgiving holiday is the busiest travel period of the year, where every grocery store and many others are festooned with Thanksgiving decorations, where some people deck their houses and yards with Thanksgiving lights and geegaws, where the retail sector basically shuts down for the day, where there are mega day-after-Thanksgiving sales, where many restaurants feature special menus, where every school cafeteria offers Thanksgiving fare, where every homeless shelter and food bank makes sure its patrons gets turkey and stuffing, etc., compare that to Quebec -- especially the francophone heartland -- and you can't but conclude that Action de grâce is a relatively low-key affair here.
