days left
Canadian Thanksgiving  (2012-10-08)
Thanksgiving Day is celebrated in United States on the 4th Thursday in November and in Canada on the 2nd Monday in October.  It was historically a religious observation to give thanks to God.  Thanksgiving Day is celebrated to commemorate the first Thanksgiving, which took place in Plymouth Colony in 1621.
Thanksgiving is one of the biggest holiday in USA. It is not a religious holiday so it's celebrated by every citizen beside religion. Thanksgiving is a special day that connects people and reconciles them.
Tradition of celebrating Thanksgiving was started by Pilgrims, who came to Plymouth Colony. They traveled on a „Mayflower” ship from England and arrived to Plymouth Colony on 1620. Because of supply problems and very harsh winter some of them died. Rest of them survived thanks to Indians form Wampanoag tribe. During winter, Indians shared their food supply with Pilgrims. When spring came, they showed them how to catch eel and grow corn and pumpkins. After autumn's bumper crop, thankful Pilgrims decided to thank their friends – Indians and invited them to celebrate together. The first thanksgiving fest lasted 3 days, and the main dishes were ducks, gooses, fishes and vegetables.
In 1863 president Abraham Lincoln proclaimed Thanksgiving Day a national holiday.
Thanksgiving Day has a different history background in Canada. It is related to English explorer – Martin Frobisher, who was trying to find northern passage to China. Though he was unsuccessful, he managed to establish a settlement in Canada. In 1578, in a place that nowadays is called Newfoundland and Labrador, Frobisher said official thanksgiving ceremony, to thank God for surviving his expedition. Canadians believe that this event was the first Canadian Thanksgiving and one of the first official thanksgiving in North America. Before that event, local people were thanksgiving during their autumn crops, for instance in Hundenosaunee culture thanksgiving is a pray to honor “3 sisters” (corn, pumpkin and bean) during crops.
Later, traditional ceremony was continued by settlers and a bay through which Frobisher came to Canada, was called  Frobisher Bay.
Thanksgiving Day is a holiday when families are gathering together to thank God for all good things that happened to them. Traditional dish is baked turkey with bread filling. Other important symbols are: cornucopia, corn, pumpkin and colorful autumn leafs.
Most likely the first settlers, who arrived to America, learned from Indians how to hunt turkeys. Many times those birds saved their lives. To commemorate it, nowadays almost in every house people are eating turkey on Thanksgiving Day. That includes soldiers in army and prisoners as well. In big cities, big tables are being set to feed homeless people.  Before Thanksgiving Day turkeys are very cheep.
A curious custom related to Thanksgiving Day is a saving turkey's life by American President. The custom of releasing turkey was brought by President Thurman after 2nd Word War.  A few years ago, President George W. Bush after releasing turkey said to people who gathered in White House Rose Garden “May they live the rest of their lives in blissful gobbling ”.
Thanksgiving Day is a perfect time for charity events organized by local authorities and churches. Volunteers from all states are serving homemade dishes to poor and homeless people.
Take this opportunity and send thanksgiving cards, Canadian Thanksgiving quotes, thanksgiving poems, wishes and messages in this special day.
