Money, Blogging, Management, Art, and More...
Wednesday, October 3, 2007
Sejarah Thanksgiving
Semalam gw ga bias tidur gara2 kedinginan, hiks.. mungkin karena gw lagi sakit kali yah, jadi berasa dingin. Nah sekitar jam 1 pagi, gw nonton metrotv, disana sedang membahas tentang thanksgiving. Jadi kepikiran dan penasaran d pengen tau tentang sejarah thanksgiving. Hehehe. Jadi gw mulai meneliti lewat paman google d.
Pertama-tama gw cari apa sih thanksgiving d? ternyata thanksgiving day adalah hari untuk merayakan musim panen. Kira-kira begitulah terjemahan dari wikipedia .
Orang amerika merayakannya pada hari kamis minggu ke-4 pada bulan November, sedangkan orang
Canada
merayakannya pada hari senin pada minggu ke-2 di bulan October.
Cara merayakannya juga beda antara orang amerika dan orang
Canada
Berikut kutipan yang gw ambil dari wikipedia:
Traditional celebration in Canada
In
Canada
, Thanksgiving is a three-day weekend (although some provinces observe a four day weekend, Friday–Monday). Traditional Thanksgiving meals prominently feature turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mashed potatoes, though
Canada
's multicultural heritage has seen many families infuse this traditional meal with elements of their traditional ethnic foods.
As a liturgical festival, the Canadian Thanksgiving corresponds to the European harvest festival , during which churches are adorned with cornucopias, pumpkins, corn, wheat sheaves and other harvest bounty. English and other European harvest hymns are customarily sung on the Sunday of Thanksgiving weekend, along with scriptural lections derived from biblical stories relating to the Jewish harvest festival of Sukkot .
While the actual Thanksgiving holiday occurs on a Monday, Canadian families might eat their Thanksgiving meal on any day of the three day weekend. The holiday can also be a time for weekend getaways for couples to observe the autumn leaves, spend one last weekend at their summer homes, or participate in various outdoor activities such as hiking, fishing and hunting.
Traditional celebration in US
In the
United States
, certain kinds of food are traditionally served at Thanksgiving meals. First and foremost, turkey is the featured item in most Thanksgiving feasts (so much so that Thanksgiving is sometimes called "Turkey Day"). Stuffing , mashed potatoes with gravy , sweet potatoes , cranberry sauce , corn , turnips , yams and pumpkin pie are commonly associated with Thanksgiving dinner .
Sejarah thanksgiving antara amerika dan
Canada
juga berbeda. Gw juga kutip dari wikipedia (maklum di wiki banyak hal yang bisa dipelajari). Berikut kutipannya:
History of Thanksgiving in
The history of Thanksgiving in
Canada
goes back to an English explorer, Martin Frobisher , who had been futilely attempting to find a northern passage to the Orient. He did, however, establish a settlement in
Canada
. In the year 1578, Frobisher held a formal ceremony in what is now the
province
of Newfoundland and Labrador , to give thanks for surviving the long journey. This event is widely considered to be the first Canadian Thanksgiving, and the first official Thanksgiving to occur in
North America
. More settlers arrived and continued the ceremonial tradition initiated by Frobisher, who was eventually knighted and had an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean in northern
Canada
named after him — Frobisher Bay now known as Iqaluit .
It should be noted that the 1578 ceremony was not the first Thanksgiving as defined by First Nations tradition. Long before the time of Martin Frobisher , it was traditional in many First Nations cultures to offer an official giving of thanks during autumnal gatherings. In Haudenosaunee culture, Thanksgiving is a prayer recited to honor "the three sisters" (i.e., beans, corn and squash) during the fall harvest.
History of Thanksgiving in the
United States
Virginia
colony
A collective Thanksgiving prayer was held in the Virginia Colony on December 4 , 1619 near the current site of Berkeley Plantation , where annual celebrations are still held on the first Sunday in November. [1]
[ edit ] Pilgrims
The early settlers of Plymouth Colony in Massachusetts were particularly grateful to Squanto , the Native American who taught them how to catch eel, grow corn and who served as their native interpreter (as Squanto had learned English as a slave in
Europe
). Without Squanto's assistance, the settlers might not have survived in the
New World
.
The Plymouth settlers (who came to be called " Pilgrims ") set apart a holiday immediately after their first harvest in 1621 , when they held an autumn celebration of food, feasting, and praising God. The Native American chiefs Massassoit, Squanto and Samoset joined in the celebration with ninety of their men in the three-day event.
President Abraham Lincoln first declared Thanksgiving a Federal holiday..as a "prayerful day of Thankgiving" on the last Thursday in November.
Modern Thanksgiving in the
United States
is now celebrated on the fourth Thursday in November.
Fuih.. akhir gw puas setelah tahu apa itu thanksgiving dan sejarahnya? I hope yang baca tulisan ini juga bisa menambah wawasannya.
Ok. Cu all…
