
Food in Canada - Canadian Food, Canadian Cuisine - traditional, popular, dishes, recipe, diet, history, common, meals, people, favorite, make, customs, country, bread, vegetables, bread, typical, different, cake, snack
Powered by         JRank
Food in Every Country » Algeria to France » Food in Canada - Canadian Food, Canadian Cuisine
Canada
Recipes
1 GEOGRAPHIC SETTING AND ENVIRONMENT
Canada is the world's second-largest country (after Russia), and is       the largest country in North America. The eastern provinces, known as the       Maritimes, are separated from the rest of the country by low mountain       ranges. Newfoundland and Prince Edward Island are island provinces in the       Atlantic Ocean.
Along the border with the United States in the center of Canada is a       fertile plain bounded by the Saint Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and the       Hudson Bay. Also along the U.S. border further to the west are farms and       ranches. Extending through western Alberta to the Pacific Ocean is the       northern portion of the Rocky Mountain range. Mount Logan, at 19,524 feet       (5,915 meters) the highest peak in Canada, is near the Alaska border. The climate varies across the vast Canadian territory. The west coast gets       about 60–120 inches (150–300 centimeters) of rain each year;       the center part of the country gets less that 20 inches (50 centimeters),       and the Maritime provinces 45–60 inches (115–150       centimeters). In British Columbia, there are 252 rainy days each year, but       in the center of the country, there are just 100.
2 HISTORY AND FOOD
France and England battled over who would colonize the territory of Canada       in the late 1400s. The English explorer John Cabot arrived in Newfoundland       in 1497. About 40 years later in 1534, Jacques Cartier began his       exploration of Canada on behalf of France. By the early 1600s, there were       permanent French colonies, and in 1663, New France was established as a       territory of France. French fur traders competed with the traders of the       Hudson's Bay Company, run by British merchants. Wars in North       America, known as the French and Indian wars, were waged in the 1700s. The       Treaty of Paris in 1763 ended the armed fighting and established British       rule over all of the territory formerly called New France.
In 1846 conflict over the western portion of the United       States–Canada border was resolved, and the border was set at       49°north latitude. This border has been undisputed every since.
Food and other customs in Canada still carry hints of the colonial       influences of England and France. Canadians speak English except in       Quebec, where the language is French, reflecting the influence of French       settlers. But there are other regional differences in food and customs,       too.
Food in the provinces of Eastern Canada shows signs of English heritage,       except in Quebec where the influence is French. In the provinces of       Western Canada, the cuisine reflects the explorers and settlers, who, like       their southern neighbors in the United States, made simple, hearty meals       from available ingredients. In northern Canada—Northwest, Yukon,       and Nunavut territories—the diet is limited by the short growing       season, dominated by preserved food ingredients, and influenced by the       native Inuit diet. And along the west coast in British Columbia,       immigrants from Asian nations influence food and cultural practices. In       Vancouver in the west and Toronto in the east (and in many places       elsewhere in Canada), Lunar New Year celebrations were inspired by the       citizens of Asian heritage living there, but are enjoyed by many other       Canadians as well.
3 FOODS OF THE CANADIANS
The favorite foods of Canadians vary slightly from region to region, and       are strongly influenced by their family heritage, especially in relation       to holiday celebrations. Along the Atlantic coast, seafood and dishes       derived from English traditions (except in Quebec) are common. In Quebec,       favorite foods come from the area's French heritage. Throughout       Canada, maple syrup and maple products are popular, reflecting the       significance of the maple tree, whose leaf adorns the flag of Canada. Many       families enjoy a visit in early spring to a maple sugar "shack," the special rustic building where sap from maple       trees is boiled in a large open pan to make maple syrup.
Later in the spring, many people in Eastern Canada visit a wooded area to       harvest fiddleheads. Fiddleheads, named because they look like the coiled       end of a violin ("fiddle"), are the tasty new sprouts of       woodland ferns, picked before they develop into large lacy fronds. They       are a fragile         spring specialty, usually available for just a few weeks in the spring.       Grocery stores in Canada may stock frozen fiddleheads alongside other       frozen vegetables.
Sauteed Fiddleheads
