 
Thanksgiving Trivia Questions and Answers
As Thanksgiving is approaching, it gives us time to think about some thanksgiving trivia. A very important cultural festival of the United States and Canada, Thanksgiving is being celebrated on the 25th of November 2010 in the US and it was celebrated on the 11th of October 2010 in Canada.
Thanksgiving is one of the most popular harvest festivals of the United States, also known as "Turkey Day" by many people, primarily the younger generation of the US. It is a holiday to be grateful and express your gratitude and thankfulness to God, your family, friends and loved ones for all the love and material possessions that you have received. Traditionally it was celebrated as a means to say thanks to nature for a bountiful harvest. However, the tradition has changed and now Thanksgiving is basically celebrated as a gathering for friends and family. Knowing some thanksgiving trivia also proves helpful as it educates you more about the festival and its different traditions.
A thanksgiving event or party is incomplete without some delicious recipes, songs and a fun game of trivia and questions to make the atmosphere more exciting. Thanksgiving is a vintage tradition and there are many theories attached to it, so if you really want to spice up your social gathering, here are some thanksgiving questions and answers to know more about this festival.
Trivia for Adults
Asking some interesting questions is a great way to spend time and also learn something about the origin and history of this great festival. So here are some great questions and answers about the festival of Thanksgiving.
What utensils did the pilgrims eat with at the first thanksgiving?
Thanksgiving is only celebrated in the United States. True or False?
The name of the famous rock where the pilgrims landed?
The Greek Goddess of Corn is
What foods were served at the first thanksgiving?
The original thanksgiving lasted how long?
What vegetable did the pilgrims have available for thanksgiving but did not use because they thought it was poisonous?
Trivia for Kids
Kids are always searching for information and they love answering interesting questions about various things. So here are some options of Thanksgiving trivia questions for kids.
What Indian tribe was invited to spend thanksgiving with the pilgrims?
The first departmental store that held a Thanksgiving parade was?
What was the name of the ship that the pilgrims came over on?
Who was instrumental in declaring Thanksgiving Day a National holiday?
What year did the first Macy's Thanksgiving Parade start?
What do you call the day after Thanksgiving?
What was the original name of the pilgrims?
Interesting Facts
Now after answering the above mentioned questions, it's time to know and enjoy some facts which can help you identify with the various traditions joined with this festival.
The Plymouth pilgrims were the first one to celebrate Thanksgiving.
The first Thanksgiving Day was celebrated in the fall of 1621.
The wishbone of the turkey is used as a good luck charm on Thanksgiving.
Puritans used to love beer.
Californians are the largest consumers of turkeys in the United States.
In 1941, the congress passed an official proclamation and made Thanksgiving a national holiday which would be observed on the 4th Thursday of November every year.
New York state made Thanksgiving an annual custom in 1817.
The pilgrims crossed the Atlantic ocean to reach to the lands of North America.
When pilgrims reached North America, they found out that Native Americans wear clothes made of animal skin.
Hope this article on Thanksgiving trivia was an enjoyable read. You can include all these questions and facts and ask them in your party quiz game. If you think you can include some more facts and make this article more informative, please share your comments with us.
