Thanksgiving: Canada vs. the US
Posted on
October 11, 2011
As I’m sure most of you have guessed/know by now, I am Canadian and pretty proud of it. To reinforce the stereotype non-Canadians have, yes, I wear a tuque in winter, I speak both French and English, hockey is a great sport, our monopoly coloured money rocks, universal health care saves lives, and 6 inches of snow doesn’t phase me.
Despite my pride towards my country, I still look fondly over the border to my friends in the US. We strugggle communicating at times about things like Farenheit vs. Celsius, Miles vs Kilometers, Ounces vs Milliliters, and occasionally holidays. The most recent (and border crossing confusing) of these holidays just happened yesterday on October 10th. For us Canadians, it was Thanksgiving. For our friends the Americans, it was Columbus day. YET, they also celebrate Thanksgiving, only in November. So I was wondering, why is that? What happened in history that our countries decided to celebrate the same holiday, but at a different time? During a lull at work today, I decided to investigate this most confusing thing to try and have one less struggle of communication between neighbours.
 
CANADA:
Celebrated annually on the 2nd Monday of October, this holiday actually has two origins in Canadian history.
Back in the day, Martin Frobisher was trying to find a northern passage to the Pacific Ocean. Frobisher’s Thanksgiving actually had nothing to do with the harvest, but was instead about homecoming. Having avoided the fates of Henry Hudson (mutiny and cast adrift from the crew) and John Franklin (disappeared), both who previously had the same mission, Frobisher was just happy that he returned safely. Robyn from HIMYM says it’s about his unsuccessful mission, but it’s really about the fact that he SURVIVED when others didn’t. In 1578, he held a formal ceremony in Newfoundload, giving thanks for surviving the long and perilous journey. Years later, the feast continued as a tradition as more settlers arrived in the Canadian colonies.
So, now that we covered the English, we’ll go to the French. In the early 17th century, the settlers who came to New France with explorer Samuel de Champlain took to celebrating their successful harvest (YES! A holiday rooted in food, my French pride is that much stronger now). French settlers typically had feasts at the end of the harvest and shared their food with the indigenous people of the area.
To sum up Thanksgiving North of the border, it is a holiday celebrating both the safe return home and a plentiful harvest. Considering I make a short voyage myself for Thanksgiving (Toronto to Ottawa) and I enjoy food, it is only fitting that I celebrate both. Lastly, apparently the turkey wasn’t part of the original Canadian Thanksgiving feast. The bird was incorporated when United Empire Loyalists fled from the US to settle in Canada during the American Revolution. Thanks US! That bird is delicious!
USA:
Now let’s venture South of the border to see what our friendly Americans were up to back in the day.
First off, there appears to be an ongoing debate as to when the first Thanksgiving Feast actually happened in the US. Some say it was celebrated by the Spanish on September 8th 1565 in Saint Augustin, Florida. Others say it was in Virginia as early as 1607, since it became routine in what was to become the Commonwealth of Virginia.
For the sake of this post, we’re going to stick with the more commonly wellknown one that occured in 1621 in Plymouth Massachusetts. This one was also prompted by a good harvest and continued as a tradition by civil leaders like Governor Bradford. Initially, the colony of Plymouth didn’t have enough food to feed even half of the 102 colonists. Enter the Wampanoag Native Americans! They stepped in and helped the pilgrims by providing seeds for crops and teaching them how to fish. Thanksgiving didn’t become a regular annual festival until the late 1660s.
So, American Thanksgiving is about harvest, but it is also to thank the aboriginal people of the area for helping them with one of the most basic of human necessities: food.
Conclusion:
Now that it is clear that Thanksgiving in Canada and the US both have the harvest in common, it is now easy to see why we celebrate it on different dates. The reason is geography. We celebrate the closing of the harvest at different times because our harvests literally end at different times. Canada being farther up North will of course close its harvest earlier with the oncoming winter.
In a way, I feel stupid for not having figured this out earlier. It’s so simple! Yet I had a few discussions with American and Canadian friends where we just called each other crazy for celebrating too early/late.
Now I (and maybe you) know!
PenRei out! (and maybe even a little smarter)
A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz, originally aired on the CBS network on November 20, 1973
Advertisement
