List Price: $21.50
More Ways to Dress Up Your Holiday Table
Figured out your Thanksgiving centerpiece decorations? Don't forget these other ways to dress up your holiday table:
Tablecloth and/or table runner - Used to protect the finish of the dining room table (or maybe to hide imperfections), table linens come in a wide variety of colors, designs and cloths
Napkins - Coordinate or match your tablecloth or table runner. Place at each person's table setting. Fold simply or elaborately
Napkin rings - Purchase or make your own decorative napkin rings to dress up table linens. Rustic wood rings or elaborate or bejeweled napkin rings can be like jewelry for your dining room table
Candles - in the dining room, be sure to use non-scented candles. Eco-friendly candles burn cleaner which is an added bonus
Large Thanksgiving Centerpiece Decorations
If you are hosting a large group for Thanksgiving , you probably have a big table to decorate. Large Thanksgiving centerpiece decorations can consist of a single, focal point on the table, or several smaller centerpieces grouped along the mid-line of the table. Be sure to leave room for food, plenty of elbow room and consider your guests' line of sight to keep conversation flowing.
One of the most popular Thanksgiving centerpieces is the cornucopia , or "horn of plenty." This traditional decoration usually consists of a wicker horn-shaped basket, laid on its side, with seasonal fruits flowing out of it, onto the table. Choose a variety of sizes, shapes and colors for your cornucopia filling, including apples, grapes, small pumpkins, pomegranates, gourds, zucchini and more! To change the look of a cornucopia, consider painting the basket with spray paint, or adorning it with seasonal ribbons. Bright fall foliage can also be mixed in with the fruit.
Its hard to go wrong with floral arrangements for holiday centerpieces. If you order Thanksgiving flowers , talk to your florist about desired colors for the centerpiece and ask that overly fragrant blooms not be used. Centerpiece decorations are usually created in a long, low arrangement. Often, you can bring in a favorite vase or bowl from home that the florist will fill at no extra cost. While Thanksgiving isn't the busiest time of year for florists, do make sure that you place your order with plenty of time to ensure that your arrangements turns out as desired.
Another popular, and easy to create Thanksgiving centerpiece is created using glass hurricane candle containers , candles and your choice of fillings: (1) hazelnuts in their shells, (2) fresh whole cranberries, (3) glass beads (clear or amber colored), or, for the young at heart, (4) candy corn. For a large dining room table, use at least 4-5 hurricane containers in various sizes, grouped in the center.
Festive Thanksgiving craft ribbon can be tied around the containers, as well. Add interest by grouping small votive candles in similarly colored containers around the edges of the arrangement, fall leaves and small pumpkins or other gourds. You can make this centerpiece even more impressive and dramatic by using 20-30 containers and candles, grouped along the mid-line of the table.
Candles give a warm glow to a holiday table
Use Pumpkins for Thanksgiving Centerpieces
Creative Thanksgiving centerpieces for small tables
Source: Tip Junkie
Small Thanksgiving Centerpiece Decorations
If your Thanksgiving celebration is going to be more intimate, or if you simply are going to set additional smaller tables to accommodate your guests, consider these small Thanksgiving Centerpiece decorations for tables seating 4 or less.
The key here is to keep the centerpiece small so it doesn't overwhelm the table or detract from the intimacy of the setting.
Among my favorite Thanksgiving centerpiece ideas is placing a ceramic pumpkin in the middle of the table and using fall leaves and small votive candles around it. You can also use a real pumpkin , hollowed out, with a small vase inside to hold flowers (watch the video above).
I love this idea from Tip Junkie , which takes wine glasses, placed upside down over a mini pumpkin, topped with votive candles on the base of the glass, which faces up (see image right). Arrange the wine glasses on a flat tray surface.
As shown in the photograph below, why not nestle small votive candles in a shallow bowl of cranberries for a modest, yet beautiful Thanksgiving centerpiece?
Of course, the hurricane candle container idea discussed above works equally well for small Thanksgiving tables, provided you scale down the size of the candle and container accordingly.
Candles positioned in cranberries make a beautiful Thanksgiving decoration
Creative Thanksgiving Centerpiece Decorations and Napkin Folding
Thanksgiving Crafts for Kids
