Add new comment
 
 I'm not sure I've ever known the history of Canada's Thanksgiving -- and just to be of equal opportunity ignorance, I don't really know where the American one comes from either!
So I reached out with the following question on my Facebook status... as you can see those Canadian friends and family didn't let me down! :)
Melissa Batchilder is wondering what the history is behind the Canadian Thanksgiving?
Act of Parliament from the '50s to be celebrated the second Monday in October I think ... more religious and harvest/farming related up here in the cold North.
 
people ate some turkey and made it a holiday.
 
We had ours before Americans.
 
Traditionally, it's the feast of the three sisters: corn, pumpkins and beans that the Huron Indians planted together. They protected each other, kept the weeds down and complimented the give and take of soil nutrients.
 
Aileen Evans
An explorer named Frobisher (later Frobisher Bay was named for him) landed in NFLD in the 1500's and to be thankful for arriving safe, and to keep his European tradition of celebrating a successful harvest in Oct, had a thank you feast. As more and more European settlers came, they too, kept the tradition. It is in Oct due to the origins as well as the fact that Canada, being more north than the US has its harvest times earlier. My kids just asked me on Friday and I looked it up. And Chris was right, Frobishers traditions started in Canada at least 50-70 years before the Pilgrims.
 
Just think - if the Indians had given the Pilgrim fathers a donkey instead of a turkey, imagine what we'd be eating for Thanksgiving!
I am so grateful for...
... my faith, my family, my community of friends and road dawgs.
... an abundance of love I feel each day.
... hope for the future.
... the many details such as food, shelter, clothing, etc. that we all take for granted. Let us remember and pray for those on a daily basis those that go to bed hungry and live without.
Happy Thanksgiving! 
Simply Melissa by Melissa Batchilder
Even though she has lived in New York for years, it is impossible to remove Melissa Batchilder from her home province and in particular home community of Georgetown. She is an astute observer of people, a lover of the simple things in life and a great story teller.
Recent Blog Posts
