By Kristina Pydynowski , Senior Meteorologist
Oct 8, 2011; 8:18 AM ET
Share |
While Americans must wait another seven weeks to celebrate Thanksgiving Day, Canada will do so this coming Monday, and many residents may be hoping nice weather compliments the day.
The best weather on Thanksgiving Day will be enjoyed by southwestern Ontario and the St. Lawrence Valley, home to the cities of Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal and Quebec City.
High pressure will promote bright sunshine and pleasantly warm temperatures not just Monday, but also on Saturday and Sunday.
Temperatures will warm into the 70s each day of the holiday weekend. The exception will be Quebec City on Monday, where slightly cooler air will return temperatures to the 60s (which is still mild for this time of year).
Mild air will also funnel into Atlantic Canada this weekend. However, brisk winds on Monday will prevent the weather from being perfect for the holiday.
Some rain will make Monday less than ideal for outdoor plans in eastern Manitoba, including Winnipeg, and neighboring Ontario.
Cooler air will first rush into these provinces on Saturday and sweep away the recent summerlike warmth.
The remainder of the Prairie provinces in Saskatchewan and Alberta will be dry throughout the holiday weekend with moderating temperatures.
British Columbia, however, will have to endure a wet stretch of weather for the next few days due to a pair of Pacific storm systems.
The steadiest rain and mountain snow will target the coastline, including the cities of Victoria and Vancouver, Saturday afternoon and night, and then again on Monday. Gusty winds will also accompany each storm onshore.
The impending poor holiday weather for British Columbia is not a sign of things to come this winter , according to AccuWeather.com Canadian Expert Meteorologist Brett Anderson. Conditions much drier than normal should instead dominate.
Thanksgiving Day was first held in Canada in 1872 to celebrate the fact that the Prince of Wales recovered from a serious illness, according to Canada's official website .
StatutoryHolidays.com ranks Thanksgiving Day as the fourth most popular Canadian holiday, with Christmas at the top of the list.
RELATED
