Sunday, October 9, 2011
Happy Thanksgiving, Canada – Bring On The Turkey!
One of the great benefits of our blogging community is how we learn about holiday traditions in our different countries, provinces and states.  As new readers join and holidays occur, so do questions.  One that always comes up is “do Canadians celebrate Thanksgiving the way we do here in the U.S.?”  The answer to that is simple – “yes we do, right down to a traditional Turkey Dinner”! 
A typical Canadian Thanksgiving Dinner is similar to most Americans
In Canada, Thanksgiving is celebrated on the 2nd Monday in October(Oct. 10, 2011).  This is a full 6-weeks ahead of our friends in the US, who celebrate Thanksgiving on the 4th Thursday of November (November 24, 2011).  In both countries though, Thanksgiving is a day to celebrate by gathering at home with family or friends for a holiday feast and to give thanks for our good health and fortune.
Here’s where we’ll be sitting down for our Thanksgiving Dinner on Sunday
We’ll be celebrating by having our Thanksgiving Dinner here at home on Sunday.  It won’t be as big a group as usual because of Hayley, Erin and Maggie all living in different parts of Canada.  It’s going to be an “all-Island” contingent for dinner with Kevin and Carrie as well as granddaughters Jessica and Mikayla all driving up from Victoria.  We have the Turkey all set to go and Paulette’s been busy baking all day Saturday after saying this was going to be “a simple dinner” – yeah, right!!
A few readers left comments yesterday asking what we were going to be using the airbed for or if it was going to replace another mattress.
The answer is it’s simply a spare.  Our 5’er has a fold out sofa with a really nice inflatable mattress that comes with an electric pump that works great.  This one is just an extra as we’re expecting at least 3, and maybe even 4, of the kids to come down to Palm Springs for Christmas this year.  We’ll squeeze them in somehow!
Saturday morning was a pretty busy work time for me.  First, I loaded up our utility trailer with what I’m now positive is the last load of yard stuff, weeds and cuttings and then drove over to the recycling station to get rid of it all.  When I got back home, I had to mow the front lawn as it’s decided to start growing again.  Then, I tackled the ugly job of sanding the ceiling drywall repair job in our laundry room – that is a miserable job but it’s done now.
Made our ferry reservations today for late October on the MV Coho to Port Angeles
Slowly but surely all of my jobs around the house and outside are being ticked off.  Pretty soon, all I’ll have to worry about is just making sure I don’t forget anything when packing up the 5’er.  We’re usually in a big rush when leaving a few days after Christmas but this year with our end of October departure it’s a lot more relaxed as we have way more time!
Have a great Sunday, and thanks again for visiting!
Posted by Rick Doyle at 2:00 AM
