Basic PLUS          Author |   79 Articles
Joined: June 28, 2006
Was this article helpful? 3 1
Thanksgiving Traditions in Canada
By D. Halet
The overt celebration of gratitude of the Earth's bounty is through a fabulous feast, just like all the harvest season celebrations throughout history. Family gathering for twenty-four hours of pleasure and fellowship is easier in Canada than elsewhere in the world. While the official Thanksgiving Day is a Monday, Canadians usually celebrate it during the full three-day weekend.
At the end of the main meal, it is traditional to kick back and relax while watching the featured "Thanksgiving Day Classic" football game. If the Canadian Football League provides a double calendar of games for Thanksgiving day, it is to differentiate the US version of football. Canadian football teams play on a Monday only two days in the year. In order to determine which team will play what match on Thanksgiving Day, one refers to a rotation schedule.
As well as the indoor activities or the family meal, the weekend of Thanksgiving is usually the occasion for a last big outdoor event.
Either participating or watching the many Thanksgiving Day parades that are such an integral part of the holiday will get one out of the house and into the end of the summer air.
During the Thanksgiving weekend Canadians have their last outside escapade before winter sets in. It is also an ideal time to make a last hike, organize a fishing contest or just admire the outstanding red, gold and brown colors of fall colors.
Although it is actually a secular feast, Thanksgiving Day is religiously celebrated in many churches too. Churches are decorated with pumpkins, cornucopias, wheat sheaves, corn ears and gourds inspired by the customs of old European harvest celebrations. There are special scriptural texts and hymns particularly dedicated to this celebration of harvest and to show gratitude to God for his goodness.
Whether spiritual or secular, it is an excellent pretext to celebrate and appreciate what things we have and realize that in many times and places throughout history there have been those who have been less fortunate than we are now.
Thanksgiving is a wonderful celebration and you surely love to spend it with your beloved ones, sharing gratefulness for all those bounties life brought to you. Exchanging turkey recipes with family and decorating the home for that great celebration are entire part of the American Thanksgiving traditions ; for which you will find more information on Holly Day, a site that has been set up to help you make any day a holiday.
Did you find this article helpful? 3 1
Get Involved
