Product Description
From School Library Journal
Grade 3-5-A satisfying and well-researched blend of fact and fiction about pioneer life. In this sequel to A Pioneer Sampler (Ticknor & Fields, 1995), Greenwood and Collins again recount the adventures of the fictional Robertson family, this time as they prepare to celebrate the harvest in the fall of 1841. Three stories are interspersed among descriptions of some of the staples of a traditional Thanksgiving meal of the time, recipes for making some of the food specialties, and instructions for making and playing some of the games. The narrative is carefully crafted to make the experiences described equally valid for Canadians and for residents of the northern United States. The Native American neighbors and friends of the Robertsons are referred to as First Peoples, and the specific tribes mentioned as holding their own harvest feasts and festivals include the Iroquois and Ojibwa. The recipes and craft instructions are clear, measurements are given in both metric and U.S. Customary Units, and adult assistance is recommended where appropriate. The pencil drawings support the text and enhance its clarity. This entertaining title offers a different take on the holiday and provides solid information about the history and customs of celebrations dating back to the first North American Thanksgiving in 1578. A welcome addition to all libraries.
Linda Greengrass, Bank Street College Library, New York City
Copyright 1999 Reed Business Information, Inc.
From Booklist
This fine sequel to A Pioneer Story (1995) follows the Robertson family as they prepare for a celebration of the harvest of 1841. Greenwood spins a heartwarming and exciting tale of the Robertson children's adventures gathering cranberries for sauce and chestnuts for stuffing, making festival bread, and listening to stories of the "hungry year" from old Mr. Burkholder. But readers are given more than a story: the text is filled with related topics, including recipes, as well as instructions for making craft projects and playing games from the time period. There are also sections that explain actions and events from the story. For example, a segment "Harvest Superstitions" follows a chapter in the story in which Sarah Robertson sits at her ailing grandmother's bedside making a corn dolly, a braided straw doll that Granny insists must be ploughed into the earth each spring to ensure a good harvest. A history of harvest celebrations throughout the years ends the book. Beautifully rendered charcoal and sepia-toned drawings match the story's setting and provide visual instruction for the enticing crafts, games, and recipes. Lauren Peterson --This text refers to the Hardcover edition.
