Posted on by admin
History of Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving Day is a holiday celebrated primarily in the United States and Canada . Traditionally, it has been a time to give thanks to God, friends, and family.
Currently, in Canada , Thanksgiving is celebrated on the second Monday of October and in the United States , it is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November. Thanksgiving in Canada falls on the same day as Columbus Day in the United States.
In the United States, the modern Thanksgiving holiday tradition traces its origins to a 1621 celebration at Plymouth in present-day Massachusetts . There is also evidence for an earlier harvest celebration on the continent by Spanish explorers in Florida during 1565, as well as thanksgiving feasts in the Virginia Colony . The initial thanksgiving observance at Virginia in 1619 was prompted by the colonists’ leaders on the anniversary of the settlement. [7] The 1621 Plymouth feast and thanksgiving was prompted by a good harvest. In later years, the tradition was continued by civil leaders such as Governor Bradford who planned a thanksgiving celebration and fast in 1623. [8] [9] [10] While initially, the Plymouth colony did not have enough food to feed half of the 102 colonists, the Wampanoag Native Americans helped the Pilgrims by providing seeds and teaching them to fish. The practice of holding an annual harvest festival like this however, did not become a regular affair in New England until the late 1660s. [11]
 
 
 
According to historian Jeremy Bangs, director of the Leiden American Pilgrim Museum , the Pilgrims may have been influenced by watching the annual services of Thanksgiving for the relief of the siege of Leiden in 1574, while they were staying in Leiden.
Fixing the date of the holiday
The reason for the earlier Thanksgiving celebrations in Canada has often been attributed to the earlier onset of winter in the north, thus ending the harvest season earlier. [17] Thanksgiving in Canada did not have a fixed date until the late 19th century. Prior to Canadian confederation , many of the individual colonial governors of the Canadian provinces had declared their own days of Thanksgiving. The first official Canadian Thanksgiving occurred on April 15, 1872 when the nation was celebrating the Prince of Wales ‘ recovery from a serious illness. [17] By the end of the 19th Century, Thanksgiving Day was normally celebrated on November 6. However, when World War I ended, the Armistice Day holiday were usually held during the same week. To prevent the two holidays from clashing with one another, in 1957 the Canadian Parliament proclaimed Thanksgiving to be observed on its present date on the second Monday of October. [5]
Thanksgiving in the United States was observed on various dates throughout history. The first Thanksgiving which was celebrated on a fixed day was in 1863, in an effort by President Abraham Lincoln to foster a sense of American unity between the Northern and Southern states. [15] By the middle of the 20th century, the final Thursday in November had become the customary day of Thanksgiving in most U.S. states. It was not until December 26, 1941, however, that President Franklin D. Roosevelt , after pushing two years earlier to move the date earlier to give the country an economic boost, signed a bill into law with Congress , making Thanksgiving a national holiday and settling it to the fourth (but not final) Thursday in November.
 Sign Up Below For Your Free Thanksgiving Party E-Book
First Name:
