Posted by TK-Erika in The Theme Is...
Today is not only Columbus Day here in the US, but up north, because today is the second Monday of October, it also happens to be Canadian Thanksgiving Day. So we thought we’d spent a little time giving thanks for—and to—our beloved Canadian members!
Let’s start with our resident Canuck: Dara (cookincanuck) , who is now based in Utah. Dara is a prolific food blogger and Tasty Kitchen member. She’s also a regular here at the Tasty Kitchen Blog. Believe me, it was difficult trying to pick out only a few recipes to showcase from her 115-strong recipe box , but I gave it my best shot.
 
 
 
We’re thankful, too, for kandktestkitchen from Ottawa. This mother-and-daughter tandem has brought us some wonderful dishes too, including this scrumptious Sun-dried Tomato, Corn, and Bacon Pasta .
 
 
 
Then there’s seafieldfarm from Halifax, Nova Scotia (now living in Toronto), with beautiful food photos and mouthwatering recipes, like these Spicy Mango Pulled Pork sandwiches.
 
 
 
We’d also like to give a big welcome and thank you to a relatively new member, Canadian Alexandra (I Adore Food) . I say we celebrate with a round of her Fresh Strawberry Mojitos .
 
 
 
We’ve got strapping young Canadian men, too. Men as comfortable baking in the kitchen as they are climbing rocks and doing other manly things. Like tastesbetterwithfriends from Toronto, who shows us his non-meat-and-potatoes side by whipping up a bowl of Vegetarian Coconut Thai Soup .
 
 
 
Another thank you goes out to isabelleathome from Québec (now living in Indiana), whose Happy Linguini has a recipe title that will make you smile. Make it, devour it, then watch that smile grow even bigger.
 
 
 
And finally, no ode to Canada would be complete with a mention of Nanaimo Bars, quite possible the quintessential Canadian (British Columbian, to be exact) treat. At least to non-experts like me. Nanaimo bars are named after the city of Nanaimo in British Columbia. A woman named Mabel Jenkins submitted the recipe for inclusing in an annual cookbook, and the dessert quickly became popular. So it’s only fitting to end this post with these delectable no-bake bars. Because I love ya, I picked these amazing-looking Nutella Nanaimo Bars from savourfare , who may not be Canadian but sure knocked this one out the ballpark.
 
 
 
We’ve got many more Canadian members, like Kim Bee from Ontario, Chef Fish from Newfoundland (now living in Ontario), movita beaucoup from Halifax, Nova Scotia, missdelish from Vancouver, BC, marie-michèle from Matane, Québec, and aseasonedtraveller from Ottawa (now living in Amsterdam). I know I can’t mention them all, so let’s hear from you! Any other Canadian members out there? Come out and say hi! And thank you for being so cool and amazing. We’re so glad to have you as neighbors.
 
