Cruiseryyc on Sep 14, 09 at 02:27 PM
Well if you're not skiers, then Whistler probably isn't for you.  Yes it's lovely but not a lot to do if you don't ski.  I have to agree with other posters, that is way too long a drive for the short period of time you have.
ShelliDawn on Sep 14, 09 at 03:11 PM
If you're not skiiers, I'm not sure what you would do in Banff/Jasper that you can't do in Whistler.  Hiking is out of the question that time of year.  You could do snow-shoeing or dogsledding in either place.  Both have villages/hotels where you can shop/dine etc.  You may want to look into taking the new peak to peak gondola at Whistler/Blackcomb.  They may take round trip passengers in the winter.
christy1 on Sep 14, 09 at 04:22 PM
I don't think Whistler has a lot going for it at Thanksgiving. Even skiing is pretty iffy at Whistler at Thanksgiving--often the lower mountain is closed because there's not enough snow, there is rain in the village, days are short and skies are gray. The scenery isn't even close to being as spectacular as Banff/Jasper, especially if you aren't skiing and will only be down below in the village. I think for non-skiers, Banff is a much better destination--there is much more in terms of sightseeing/scenic drives/short walks.
I would check to see if there is usually snow on the ground in the town of Banff at that time of year. That is the beginning of the ski season, but the ski areas are quite a bit higher than the town and the Icefields Parkway. It might still be snow free enough for you to sightsee with no problem (then again, it might not). I'm sure there are websites where you can check average snowfall in the town, at Lake Louise, and along the highway.
dar on Sep 14, 09 at 08:18 PM
If you don't like skiing, or hiking, what is it that draws you to the mountains in the winter?  Personally, I go south,, as far as possible!  Another great vacation is Victoria, &/or Tofino, but again, it is cool, wet and dark the end of November.  Good storm watching!
