Thanksgiving Traditions in the United States of America
From a common celebration between Indians and Pilgrims to a religious gratefulness
In the United States of America, the celebration of Thanksgiving has started as a way to thank God and Indian people (Native Americans) for Pilgrim's first bountiful harvest. The celebration dates back from the XVIIth century, when puritan Pilgrims, who arrived from Great Britain at the American continent, died because of their ignorance in anything related to agriculture on the New Continent.
Squanto, who was an Indian, has provided the surviving Pilgrims with food and has taught them how to grow local vegetables, as well as given them lessons of trapping and fishing. Because, thanks to Squanto, their harvest was successful, Pilgrims spent three days praying and celebrating this huge success. Therefore, they invited Indians to share their meal and to seal frienship.
Naturally, the tradition to eat turkey on Thanksgiving comes from this very first celebration as turkey was the main meat they ate.
Although Thanksgiving hasn't been held each and every year and not always at the end of the month of November, the celebration quickly became a religious feast (and Pilgrims forgot about their friendship with Indians). President Franklin Roosevelt asked the Congress to declare Thanksgiving "legal holiday" and the Thanksgiving Day was officially established on the 4th Thursday of November.
When it comes to food, the most popular and traditional menu includes stuffed turkey, cranberry sauce, sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie. As for Thanksgiving symbols, they're cornucopias filled with flowers and fruits, wheat, corn, acorns and pumpkins.
Pressure Cooker Steams Healthy Potatoes and Carrots
Steamed veggies are more tasteful
When it comes to steamed vegetables, the best option is using a pressure cooker as it steams vegetables faster than any other means even faster than your microwave! In addition, pressure cookers preserve vitamines contained in vegetables; which ensures that you always serve healthy meals.
Presto 4-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker
Amazon Price: $41.17 (as of 06/27/2012)
This 16-1/2" x 6-1/2" 4-quart stainless steel pressure cooker comes with handles that stay cool while cooking, pressure indicator as well as rack for steaming food and for canning. Also includes a 12-year warranty.
Get More Thanksgiving Recipe Ideas
To impress the guests on your Thanksgiving dinner
Thanksgiving Recipe Video Showcase
by HungryNation | video info
193 ratings |     40,496 views
Max and Rebecca share tips and recipe twists to liven up your Thanksgiving menu. They're cooking turkey, a stuffing stand-in adapted from Bon Appetit & Molly Wizenberg of Orangette, and more.   Links:http://www.bonappetit.com, http://www.orangette.blogspot.com, http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/2009/11/chipotle_cranberry_sauce, http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2009/11/butternut_squash_and_cheddar_bread_pudding  Working Class Foodies is a weekly show on the Hungry Nation network with great food, organic recipes, and affordable cooking tips.   Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/WCFoodies Twitter:  http://www.twitter.com/WCFoodies Website:  http://www.hungrynation.tv/wcfoodies
curated content from YouTube
Thanksgiving Traditions in Canada
Thanking God for a bountiful harvest
Thanksgiving celebrations in Canada don't have the same signification than in the USA. In reality, the first Canadian Thanksgiving celebrations were observed because an English explorer survived to his journey on the ocean.
The Canadian Thanksgiving is also celebrated at the same time as the harvest celebrations in Europe. Although European harvest celebrations are totally secular and originate from pagan traditions, since the 1950's Canadian Thanksgiving is, however, intended to thank God for the bountiful harvest.
Traditional Thanksgiving Day in Canada falls on a Monday; which allows Canadians to gather their families for a three-day weekend of enjoyment. After the main meal, Canadians have made a tradition to watch the Thanksgiving Day Classic football competition. In addition to activities indoors and the family dinner, the weekend is also the occasion to take a last big outdoor pleasure.
Besides family gatherings, Thanksgiving in Canada is also the opportunity to watch or take part to dozens of Thanksgiving Day parades which are part of the enjoyment in the end of the summer air. For some, Thanksgiving weekend is also the chance to take that last outside getaway before the arrival of a long cold winter.
Thanksgiving Cooking and Kitchen Tools
A touch of harvest bounties in your cooking area
What would your kitchen be without a few themed Thanksgiving decorations and kitchen tools? At least, if you host the traditional Thanksgiving family dinner, you're going to need a few Thanksgiving themed accesories in the kitchen.
So, from themed Thanksgiving cake and cupcake molds, cookie cutters, turkey roasters and fryers, to themed Thanksgiving kitchen linens and accessories such as thrivet, pot holder and oven mits, here's a list of accessories that will bring the Thanksgiving mood to your cooking area.
Thanksgiving Cookie Cutters, Cake and Cupcake Pans
Turkey Roaster, Fryers and More
Thanksgiving Cooking and Baking Tools
Thanksgiving Kitchen Accessories and Linens
Easily decorate the kitchen for Thanksgiving using themed towels, potholders, mittens and aprons
Thanksgiving Kitchen Towels
Vegetarian Thanksgiving Dinner: Prepare a Tofu Turkey
Meatless Thanskgiving meal
For vegetarians who celebrate Thanksgiving, it's not easy to find an alternative to the traditional Thanksgiving stuffed turkey. Luckily, there's now a great replacement food that's available on the market: the tofu turkey! Indeed, even though families gather around the dining table for a big traditional dinner made out of mashed sweet potatoes, stuffed turkey, cranberry sauce and pumpkin pie, some members of the group often find themselves annoyed having to eat... turkey!
So, if you're a vegetarian who definitely don't want to overlook the Thanksgiving dinner but can't and don't want to eat turkey, then tofu turkey is the option you're going to look into!
Tofu turkey is the first and best option for vegetarians to not have to avoid a dish on your traditional family dinner and is also the best of such products on the market. Tofu turkey is made from soy products like tofu and this great meat alternative has grown in popularity.
You can find tofu turkey in any good local store. You'll find below some recipe ideas to help you prepare your tofu turkey for Thanksgiving.
Tofu Turkey Recipe Video Showcase
Thanksgiving Day Dinner Recipes : How to Marinate a Tofu Turkey
by expertvillage | video info
11 ratings |     5,657 views
Part 2 - Learn how to make a marinade for a Thanksgiving tofu turkey, a non traditional Thanksgiving Day dinner recipe, in this free cooking video.  Expert: Lori Schneider Contact: www.figscatering.com Bio: Lori Schneider is a chef and owner of Figs Catering in Austin, Texas. Filmmaker: Drew Noah
curated content from YouTube
Setting a Thanksgiving Table
Thanksgiving table scape
When it comes to this special celebration, setting a Thanksgiving table theme is important. We all enjoy seeing a beautifully decorated dining table.
Apart from the tablecloth, napkins will also bring a nice holiday touch to your table. Then, if you add themed Thanksgiving dinnerware, whether plates, saucers and cups decorated with pumpkins, maple leaf or pilgrims, or pumpkin-shaped soup bowls, you're going to definitely impress your guests. Thanksgiving glass wines are also going to make your dining table look gorgeous while a few acorns sprinkled around a Thanksgiving table centerpiece will put the finishing touches to this outstanding family dinner table.
Here are a few Thanksgiving table decorating ideas for you to create the most fantastic holiday setting.
