Regatta Day - Observed in St. John's Metro area first Wednesday in August (Weather dependent)
Armistice Day - November 11
National Aboriginal Day - June 21
Nova Scotia - 6 holidays (including Remembrance Day; see below)
Victoria Day, Thanksgiving, and Boxing Day are not statutory holidays.
Remembrance Day is a special case and employers have the option of giving Remembrance Day or an alternate day off.
Natal Day - First Monday in August is not a statutory holiday but a common day off.
Nunavut - 9 holidays
Nunavut Day - July 9, originated as a paid holiday for Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated and regional Inuit associations. It became a ½ day holiday for Government employees in  1999 and a full day in 2001. Most employers give the day off with the  notable exceptions being the Federal Government and the North West Company.
Boxing Day is not a statutory holiday.
First Monday in August.
Ontario - 8 holidays
Remembrance Day is not a statutory holiday in Ontario.
Although not a statutory holiday, municipalities may designate the first Monday in August as a civic holiday. This is called Simcoe Day in Toronto, and Colonel By Day in Ottawa, with other areas using other names.
Prince Edward Island - 6 holidays
The August Civic holiday, Easter Monday, Thanksgiving, and Boxing  Day are not statutory holidays. However, Federal Government employees  (and some Provincial employees) do have arrangements in their  collective agreements to receive these as paid days off. Provincial  employees in some cases have bargained for the Gold Cup and Saucer Day  in place of the August Civic holiday.
Quebec - 8 holidays
Employers must give either Good Friday or Easter Monday as a statutory holiday.
Victoria Day coincides with National Patriotes Day.
Fête Nationale (St. John the Baptist’s Day) - June 24
Construction Holiday takes place during the last two weeks of July — while it applies  officially only to the construction industry, many other Quebecers  arrange to take their vacations during these two weeks.
Many of the specific details of employment law are quite different in Quebec.
Saskatchewan - 9 holidays
Family Day - third Monday in February
Saskatchewan Day - first Monday in August
Yukon - 9 holidays
Discovery Day - third Monday in August
Many employers give their employees days off that may not be  statutory holidays in the particular province, particularly Boxing Day.  Similarly, many federally regulated employees have negotiated  additional holidays, that are common holidays in the provinces such  that many also take Easter Monday and the first Monday in August.
 
In Canada, there are two definitions to the term "civic holiday":
 
Legal definition
By law, a civic holiday is defined as any holiday which is legally  recognized but where the employer is not obliged to offer holiday pay.
 
The August holiday
Another common definition of the civic holiday refers to a  particular annual holiday, celebrated on the first Monday of August in  most Canadian provinces. However, this definition is far from uniform  nationwide. Two provinces and one territory do not recognize it at all,  and five other provinces do not oblige employers to offer holiday pay  on this day, thus making it a civic holiday in the legal sense. No  universal name is recognized for this holiday, either — the official  name may vary from municipality to municipality (e.g. Colonel By Day in Ottawa, Simcoe Day in Toronto, etc.), and in common usage the holiday is simply known as Civic Holiday.
 
City holidays
Some cities also have statutory holidays that are celebrated only within the city limits. For instance, the morning of the Stampede Parade is a legal half-day holiday in the city of Calgary.
 
Proposed holidays
In recent years there has been a call for the Canadian government to recognize St. Patrick's Day as a national holiday. Currently it is an official holiday only in Newfoundland and Labrador. This proposal has been promoted by the Guinness corporation.
The other leading candidate for a new holiday is a weekend in February to celebrate the anniversary of the Canadian flag, or more likely a general "Heritage Day". February 15 is already designated as Flag Day, but this is simply a day of commemoration, not a statutory holiday.
The major Canadian breweries have long lobbied for a holiday in June.
Some Canadians believe that the country does not have enough holidays (in comparison to the United States and the United Kingdom,  and although these nations have about the same number of nationally  recognized holidays, they generally receive more days off work and  school). Proposals for more work holidays are strongly opposed by many  employers, however.
In the province of Nova Scotia, there has been debate over a  statutory holiday in the month of February, due to a lack of days off.  However, no action has been taken so far.
 
National Day of Remembrance and Action on Violence Against Women on December 6
Canadian Multiculturalism Day on June 27
National Aboriginal Solidarity Day on June 21
Commonwealth Day on the second Monday in March. This has been observed as a holiday in some Commonwealth countries.
 
