Pumpkin Recipes
Pumpkin Recipes. Curried Pumpkin and Mushroom Soup Squash Pie Pumpkin Cheesecake Pumpkin Bread. Curried Pumpkin and Mushroom Soup print recipe card ...
There is a moment on one of my younger sister's children's records - Stanley Holloway reading "Winnie The Pooh " - wherein Tigger, who is trying to discover what foods Tiggers like, samples one of Eeyore's thistles, mistakenly thinking that "thistles are what Tiggers like best..."
Like Tigger, I, too, took a large mouthful, and gave a large crunch. Unlike Tigger, I did not spit out the offending mouthful crying, "Ouch! Hot!", but it was touch and go for a moment.
In the end mother's training won out and, catching her eye, I received the silent nod - permission to carefully spit out the mouthful from behind the ladylike cover of my napkin.
I have never actually eaten fiberglass insulation, but I am quite sure if it were heated and served with a dab of butter and some salt and pepper, it would feel and taste remarkably like that sharp, splintery, bitter mouthful of parsnip.
Now I knew why they never appeared on our dinner table. I should have noticed that neither of our parents took any.
Orange Yams
Yams
Now, yams , on the other hand are one of the most marvelous things to come out of the earth. The brighter the orange color, the better they are.
The beta-carotene that gives them their bright orange color is a carotinoid with anti- viral,anti-cancer,anti-oxidant properties.
Yams are full of Vitamin A, Vitamin E and fiber and are believed to help to lower cholesterol and enhance digestive function naturally.
Baked yams are a favorite at our Thanksgiving feast, and my sister has mastered the art of the simple. classic baked yam.
I have served this to company for many years, and it has never failed to generate at least one request for the recipe.
Sometimes I jazz it up a bit to maintain the mystique, but it is one of the easiest and tastiest baked yam recipes you will ever find.
Baked Yams With Mango & Whole Almonds
Baked Yams with Canadian Maple Syrup
Ingredients:
2 or 3 fresh Yams, peeled and cut into 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick slices
butter, roughly 1 stick or 1/4 cup
Maple Syrup - Some folks maintain the very best maple syrup comes from the Gatineau Hills,  but any high-quality medium weight Maple Syrup will do quite well.
Method:
stack the slices in rows a 9 X 13 x 2 inch lidded baking dish so that they overlap slightly
dab generously with butter
drizzle Maple Syrup over all - about 1/3 cup
cover and bake at 350 F for one hour until very tender
The casserole dish I usually use for this is my large corning ware baking dish, which holds enough for a crowd. For a smaller dinner - four to six people - I have a pretty, round, brown earthenware baking dish that goes straight onto the table.
Some like to add halved pecans, chopped walnuts, or marshmallow topping. To me that is just painting the lily. This dish is so simple to make and so absolutely delicious, it can stand on its own. Each sweet, colorful bite almost melts on your tongue.
Pumpkin Muffins
