September 28, 2007 | 19 comments | Post a Comment
Sponsored by:
photo by CoolMonday
Fall is now in full swing and the holidays are just beginning to loom on the horizon.  For our Canadian brothers and sisters, a big holiday is already here...Canadian Thanksgiving is Monday, October 8th! During this 3-day weekend, our friends in Canada will be giving thanks for a bountiful harvest and indulging in all the classic and filling Thanksgiving fare .  First things first, lets figure out how to cook that bird!  With many different Turkey recipes ; herb-roasted, brined, deep-fried, injected, and even smoked, you are sure to serve up a juicy and succulent bird to your family.   But the turkey really can't stand alone.  We need some sides!  How about some moist and savory Stuffing , Sweet Potato , Mashed Potato , and Veggie Side Dishes to complement that big, beautiful bird, eh?  And you don't forget dessert!  We all know that you won't have room, but somehow magically, you'll manage to polish off a slice or two of sweet and rich Apple, Pumpkin, Pecan, or Chocolate Cream Pie !  If browsing through all these recipes is making your mouthwater, but your head spin due to so many choices, then let our members do all the picking and planning for you.  Check out all our Thanksgiving Menus ; over 70 carefully created meals, and find your perfect dinner menu already put together!  Happy Thanksgiving to our Canadian Neighbors; we hope the holiday is full of yummy food, warm times with family and friends, and perhaps a few Tums for the end of the night!
Tantalizing & Tasty Turkey Recipes
Photo by PaulaG
Best Turkey Ever!! (Brined) "My dad has made this turkey for the past 3 years at Thanksgiving. This is my 1st Thanksgiving at home and I plan on doing it as well. The meat comes out completely juicy and its just amazing!!"-- Jenninjapan
Perfect Roast Turkey "I first tried this recipe for Thanksgiving this year, and may I assure you, the name is more than fitting! Tender, juicy, fragrant and, yes, perfect! I don't think I've ever smelled a more heavenly smell..."-- Fauve
Maple-Roasted Turkey, Smoky Sage Cornbread Stuffing & Gravy "This recipe was simply too wonderful not to share.A warning, this is a looong and drawn out recipe and it does take some time. It is certainly worth the effort and I'm sure your family will praise you for this feast."-- Cynna
Smoked Turkey With Sweet Coffee Glaze "All you need to smoke this turkey is a grill with a lid and a bag of hickory chips. Braising the turkey results in marvelously complex flavors; sweet, bitter and herbaceous..."-- NcMysteryShopper
Mmmm..More Mashed Potatoes, Please!
Photo by GaylaJ
Mashed Potatoes "I've been making this for years, and it's the main thing I'm asked to make for family gatherings. These mashed potatoes are better than any I've ever found anywhere."-- Tsmith70
Make Ahead Mashed Potatoes ".These potatoes are so creamy! I received the recipe from a friend at work. Cooking time includes both boiling and baking..."-- Kim D.
Supreme Garlic Mashed Potatoes "By cooking garlic cloves and potatoes together you get a nice easy way to get a taste of garlic. Make potatoes as dense or creamy as you like by adjusting milk."-- JoAnn
More Gobbling Good Info
Photo by kiwidutch
Turkey not your thing?  No problem!  We have over 900 Vegetarian Thanksgiving recipes ; you and your family will never miss the meat!  Another good spot to find some great Thanksgiving recipe collections and inspiration for what to make this year is our Thanksgiving Cookbooks ; 85 books bursting with great recipes and ideas!  Also be sure to stop by our Canadian Cooking Forum where our members are busy discussing topics such as Making Homemade Maple Syrup and Traditional Canadian Cooking.    They are a warm and welcoming bunch and would love for you to come by and say hello!
 
