.:HOME:.
Thanksgiving Travel News-Canadian Thanksgiving
Many Canadians look forward to the fall colours and the October   Thanksgiving weekend as a time for family reunions and getaway visits   for Turkey dinners and harvest fare.
The Canadian Thanksgiving long weekend takes place during peak of   the Canadian Fall Colours (colors) fall foliage season. See History of Canada Thanksgiving.   Thanksgiving Day  holiday is on the   second Monday in October and in 2011 this is Monday October 10 that means the Thanksgiving long weekend starts on Friday October 7, 2010.    There are many Thanksgiving events, & festivals to celebrate the   harvest season and is the perfect time to take a fall color road trip in   Canada
Waxing Leaves on Thanksgiving Weekend
One of the fun kids activities   during the fall is the waxing   of fall colour leaves to use a keepsakes or decorations.       Kids will be   kept busy searching for the perfect colour leaves, and going through sorting   process, the        ironing process, and the placing of the decorations.  Lots of   good family fun. Families looking for good leaf color       locations can check out fall   colour and fall foliage locations in Canada.  Canadian Thanksgiving takes   place over the second       Monday in October.
Thanksgiving travel dos and don'ts
Toronto Sun
Flying home for Thanksgiving this weekend? Long lines and security hassles can start the holiday off on a sour note. (Shutterstock) Flying home for Thanksgiving this weekend? Long lines and security hassles can start the holiday off on a sour note. ...
Thanksgiving tips from celebrity chef Lynn Crawford
Globe and Mail
And chef Lynn Crawford is hoping that when people get together, fresh local produce will be the star of the Thanksgiving show. “I've always been an advocate for local food,” says Ms. Crawford, whose Food Network show Pitchin' In gives her the chance to ...
There's something magical about Guelph's Thanksgiving races
Guelph Mercury
In a time when there are a lot of races, there is something special about our most established race, the Guelph Mercury Thanksgiving Day Races. It is an old race, very much part of the history of our city. Almost everyone who has lived in Guelph has ...
GO Train service to Niagara for Thanksgiving
CNW Group (press release)
The Thanksgiving weekend train service will run from Friday to Monday       evening, allowing travellers to maximize their holiday weekend away. Trains       will stop at Union Station, Exhibition, Port Credit, Oakville, Burlington,       St. Catharines and Niagara ...
Turkey with stuffing a long-standing tradition for Thanksgiving feast
Brandon Sun
"For Thanksgiving dinners and any kind of holiday dinners, (most families)       stick to the tried and true. The turkey is the centrepiece and the stuffing       is as well. In my family, I make a mushroom stuffing and if that stuffing       isn't present, ...
Online Hotel Room Reservations for Visitors to the following Canadian Provinces.
