To read comments from other readers, please scroll down.
To leave your own comment, please scroll down to 'Post a Comment'.
Thanksgiving recipes are among my favorites. What a fabulous round-up of inspiration. Thanks, Alanna!
  Karina Allrich on 10/06/2009
 
So, for the "civilized" Thanksgiving (which I beg to differ), the Canadians serve very similar food to the "uncivilized" American feast?  Many of the recipes listed are what we (my family) do every year.  Well, we don't call chutney, "chutney", because then that would be snobbish and uppity and we would get funny stares(JJ).
Are there recipes unique to Canada (okay, I know that each province has its own flair, just like our regions in the US), that would be fun to try to help celebrate the "civilized" Thanksgiving?
Oh, and does civilized mean drinking tea with our pinkies extended?  Or does it just mean saying "eh" at the end of a question?  LOL
 Patricia on 10/06/2009
 
Oh boy, thank you so much for the resources. I have no idea we Canadians have so many great recipes, lol
  Halifax on 10/06/2009
 
It's not alllll the same food!  At least it wasn't in my family.  Sure there's turkey and stuffing and mashed potatoes, but the whole green bean casserole business was news to me when I moved here.  And pies were always in the offing for dessert, but pumpkin pie was never this huge thing.  Maybe my grandmother just doesn't care for pumpkin pie, I don't know.
And it's so not as big a deal.  We get a 3-day weekend (with the Mon. off), and when I was in college, for instance, most students didn't travel home for it unless they lived close by.
P.S., while the date Canadian Thanksgiving landed on was more or less arbitrary (seriously, it started out being celebrated in March, I think, and moved around the calendar for a while), in most of Canada there's precious little to be thankful for in November.  In most of the country winter's either started or hovering ominously, and in my hometown it just rains miserably the whole month.  It's no time for a harvest festival or a celebration of abundance, anyway!
  camille on 10/06/2009
 
It was great to see your article with recipes for thanksgiving  and yes, we do enjoy the earlier thanksgiving as it seems to go hand and hand with harvest.. This yr is the 11th year that I have grown tomatoes and because of our cold evening during the summer and early frost we get very few vine ripen tomatoes and they do not taste of summer.. This year with our very hot Sept, my tomatoes were wonderful, that great color and delicious tasting..
I enjoy your articles very much!!
 
Karri ~ You're so welcome!
Patricia ~ Ha! At least in my family's experience, the foods are the same. As for unique recipes, I'll ask the Canadian readers to chime in. Are there typical "Canadian" recipes for Thanksgiving? Or is this another example of the similar tracks that Canadians and Americans develop?
On a serious note - I do think there's a certain Canadian sensibility that's different than what I think of as 'American'.
Thanks for a chutney chuckle!
Halifax ~ You're welcome!
Camille ~ I love that laid-back idea of Thanksgiving, yes, that I too have experienced. I wonder if it's possible if American started off that way too, but with the whole commercialization of Christmas, Thanksgiving was elevated as the "first" day of "THE holidays".
Marilyn ~ Thanks! Nice to have tomatoes so long!
