by Cameron Scott
Created on: October 02, 2010
Thanksgiving in Canada is a quiet family holiday which takes place every second Monday in October. It is a statutory holiday in nearly all of Canada. Only the Maritime provinces don't get a day off on Thanksgiving Day. Even there, anyone working for a federally-regulated company still gets a holiday. Banks and post offices are closed all the way across Canada. Everywhere outside Atlantic Canada, just about every other retail store is closed as well.
The Canadian Parliament proclaimed the first official Thanksgiving Day on January 31, 1957, and set it permanently as the second Monday in October. It was to be "A Day of General Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the bountiful harvest with which Canada has been blessed." While churches still hold special Thanksgiving masses, mostly we celebrate Thanksgiving with the family.
Most of us celebrate it with a special family dinner. Depending on the family work and travel schedules and how things have been worked out with the in-laws, we can hold it either on Sunday or Monday. The big turkey dinner is just as popular here as it is south of the border. However, we also have a large multicultural population, so the dinner could be anything! One tradition most of us do share is pumpkin pie. That way, we can also use the outside of the pumpkin for early Halloween decorations .
The Canadian Football League (CFL) always has a nationally televised double-header on Thanksgiving Day. Canadian football is second only to hockey in the nation's heart. Grey Cup finals are held in late November, so the results of the Thanksgiving Classic are crucial!
Some of us try to squeeze in an extra weekend getaway, before the real snow hits. Just because Labour Day is the unofficial end of summer doesn't mean it's the end of outdoor vacations. October is a beautiful time of year in Canada. The fall colour is something that has to be seen to be believed. If there has already been a frost, there won't even be any mosquitoes.
There's no Black Tuesday to follow Thanksgiving Day. It's way too early to think of serious Christmas shopping.
That's also why we have no big Thanksgiving parades. Our Christmas parades won't be held until the last week in November or the first week in December, kicking off our serious shopping season.
The only thing that comes close is Kitchener-Waterloo's Oktoberfest parade. Everyone comes to Oktoberfest for the beer, but it's really a Bavarian harvest festival that traces its roots all the way back to Germany. What else
1
