 
Traditional Thanksgiving Dinner
The centerpiece of contemporary Thanksgiving in the United       States , and Canada is a large meal, generally centered around a large roasted turkey .       The majority of the dishes in the traditional American version of       Thanksgiving Dinner are made from foods       native to the New World , according to tradition the Pilgrims received       these foods from the American Indians. However, many of the classic       traditions attributed to the first Thanksgiving are actually myths       introduced later. [1]
A very       similar dinner is often served on Christmas and New       Year's Day .
 
Historical Menus
The use of the turkey in the USA for Thanksgiving precedes       Lincoln's nationalization of the holiday in 1863. Alexander Hamilton       proclaimed that no "Citizen of the United States should refrain from       turkey on Thanksgiving Day", but turkey was uncommon as Thanksgiving       fare until after 1800. By 1857 turkey had become part of the traditional       dinner in New England. [2]
A Thanksgiving Day dinner served to the Civilian       Conservation Corps in 1935 included: Pickles, green olives, celery, roast turkey, oyster stew,       cranberry sauce, giblet gravy, dressing, creamed asparagus tips, snowflake       potatoes, baked carrots, hot rolls, fruit salad, mince meat pie, fruit       cake, candies, grapes, apples, French drip coffee, cigars and cigarettes. [3]
Customs
Normally a Thanksgiving dinner in the United States bears       a good deal of resemblance to another feast served at Christmas :       the centerpiece at both is most often a turkey. However, the spirits of       these occasions are usually different: the family and friends present at a       Thanksgiving table are not expected to give gifts to each other, for       example, plus the point of the meal is to reflect upon/be thankful for the       things that have passed over the last year, not the celebration of the       rebirth of the solar avatar of various religions. Guests may be asked to       say grace or if not of the same religion as the host to bow his head in       respect.
Turkey
Because turkey is the most common main dish of a Thanksgiving dinner,       Thanksgiving is sometimes colloquially called Turkey Day or poultry day.       The USDA estimated that 269 [4] million turkeys were raised in the country in 2003, about one-sixth of       which were destined for a Thanksgiving dinner plate. The average cost of       an entire Thanksgiving feast was approximately $41 in 2007 [5] .       It has been estimated that 16-20 percent of annual turkey consumption in       the US is attributed to Thanksgiving and as much as 30 percent of       consumption occurs during the combined Thanksgiving to New Year holiday       season [6] .
Most Thanksgiving turkeys are stuffed with a cereal-based stuffing and roasted. Sage is the traditional herb added to the stuffing (also called dressing),       along with chopped celery, carrots, and onions. Turducken ,       a turkey stuffed with a duck stuffed with a chicken, is becoming more       popular, from its Cajun base in Louisiana . Deep-fried turkey is rising in popularity as well, requiring special fryers to hold the large bird, and reportedly leading to fires and bad burns for       those who fail to take care when dealing with a large quantity of very hot       oil. In more recent years it is also true that as the wild population of       turkeys has rebounded in most of the US, some will hunt and dress their       turkey in the woods and then freeze it until meal preparation.
Alternatives to turkey
Nontraditional foods other than turkey are sometimes       served as the main dish for a Thanksgiving dinner. Goose and duck ,       foods which were traditional European centerpieces of Christmas dinners before being displaced by ham[ citation       needed ], are now sometimes served in place of the       Thanksgiving turkey. In a few areas of the West       Coast of the United States , Dungeness       crab is common as an alternate main dish, as crab season starts in       early November. Sometimes a variant recipe for cooking turkey is used; for       example, a Chinese       recipe for goose could be used on the similarly-sized American bird. Vegetarians or vegans may try tofurkey ,       a tofu -based       dish with imitation turkey flavor. In Alaskan villages, whale meat is sometimes eaten. [2] Irish immigrants have been known to have prime rib of beef as their       centerpiece as beef was once a rarity back in Ireland. In the United       States, a new globalist approach to Thanksgiving has become popular due to       the impact of immigration on the country. Some take the basic Thanksgiving       ingredients, and reinvent them using flavors, techniques, and traditions       from their own cuisines, while others celebrate the holiday with a large       festive meal with or without turkey [7] .
Side dishes
Many other foods are served alongside the main dish—so       many that, because of the amount of food, the Thanksgiving meal is       sometimes served midday or early afternoon to make time for all the       eating, and preparation may begin at dawn or on days prior.
Traditional Thanksgiving foods are sometimes specific to       the day, and although some of the foods might be seen at any semi-formal       meal in the United States, the meal often has something of a ritual or       traditional quality. Many Americans would say it's "incomplete" without cranberry       sauce , stuffing or dressing, and gravy .       Other commonly served dishes include sweet       potatoes , mashed       potatoes or rice (in the South), dumplings, corn       on the cob or hominy ,       deviled eggs, green       beans or green       bean casserole , peas and carrots, wheat flour bread rolls , cornbread (in the south), or biscuits, rutabagas or turnips, and a Waldorf       salad . For dessert, various pies are often served, particularly apple       pie , mincemeat pie, sweet       potato pie , pumpkin       pie , chocolate meringue pie and pecan       pie , with the last three being particularly American.
There are also nontraditional regional differences as to       the stuffing or dressing traditionally served with the turkey. Southerners       generally make their dressing from cornbread ,       while those in other parts of the country make stuffing from white or       wheat bread as the base. One or several of the following may be added to the       dressing/stuffing: oysters , apples , chestnuts , raisins , celery and/or other vegetables, sausages or the turkey's giblets .       The traditional Canadian version has bread cubes, sage, onion and celery.       Rice is also sometimes used instead of bread in Canada.
Other nontraditional dishes reflect the region or cultural background of those who have come together for the meal. For example, many African       Americans and Southerners serve baked macaroni       and cheese and collard       greens , while Italian-Americans often have lasagna on the table and Ashkenazi Jews may serve       noodle kugel ,       a sweet dessert pudding .       It is not unheard of for Mexican       Americans to serve their turkey with mole and roasted       corn . Vegetarians or vegans have been known to serve alternative       entree centerpieces such as a large vegetable pie or a stuffed and baked pumpkin or tofurkey .       Many Midwesterners (such as Minnesotans ) of Norwegian or Scandanavian descent set the table with lefse and green       bean hotdish .
Beverages
The beverages served at Thanksgiving can vary as much as       the side dishes, often depending on who is present at the table and their       tastes. Spirits or cocktails occasionally may be served before the main meal. On the dinner table,       unfermented Apple       cider (still or sparkling) and/or wine are often served. Beaujolais       nouveau is sometimes served, as "Beaujolais day" falls one       week before Thanksgiving[ citation       needed ]. For children non-alcoholic beverages are       served at the table as it is generally frowned upon for those below the       age of 18 to consume alcohol, and in the US it is illegal in many places,       though in some states it is legal for those under 21 to consume alcohol       when their parents are present. Pitchers of sweetened iced tea are common       throughout the South.
References
The           Globalist's Thanksgiving New York Magazine
^ Dickson,             J.G. U.S. National Wild Turkey Federation The Wild Turkey pub. Stackpole Books 1992. p. 10
^ Davis,             Karen More Than a Meal: The Turkey in History, Myth, Ritual, and             Reality Lantern Books, 2001. p. 53.
^ Smith, K.M. Gold Medal CCC Company 1538: A Documentary Turner Publishing             Company, 2001. p. 98.
