A lot of people are unaware our cousins to the North, namely Canadians, also have a Thanksgiving Day.
That's right.
Canadian Thanksgiving takes place every year too, with turkey, with stuffing, with gravy and with family, same as American Thanksgiving.
(Wasn't too sure about the cranberry sauce, but we'll all find out later in the blogpiece. Suspense!)
But just before you start to send those gobbler e-cards to your Canadian friends, hold on a minute. There's a catch.
The catch is that Canadians celebrate their Thanksgiving on the second Monday of every October.
You heard me -- a full month before we do.
Well, if you think about it, it makes right bollocking sense, doesn't it.
Canadians hit winter going 120 km per hour (note the snide metric reference), much faster than the comparative balmy climes of Vermont, and tropical oasises like that, do.
They consequently have much less time to cull their harvests, which is the major impetus after all, for celebrating a feast of plenty.
Frankly, I'm glad they celebrate it a full month before us in Merka.
The quicker they get Thanksgiving, the faster they have to rush headlong into the next holiday -- Christmas.
With Canadians, there is no hypocritical pretense that we still have Halloween...and...Thanksgiving in November to get through, before traipsing into the Yuletide season, and getting into hock up to our orbitals.
No.
Let them put out their Christmas lights in mid-October, I say, and suffer a slow, torturous three months of Edie Gormé and Steve Lawrence singing "Christmas Kumbaya". Losers.
Of course, historian-manquée that I am, I had to go and look up the history of this curiously joint North American holiday.
That's when I immediately shouted in horror at the monitor screen, because the official ThanksgivingTraditions.com site made a huge historical boo-boo.
The first Canadian Thanksgiving was celebrated on April 15, 1872 in thanks for the recovery of the future King Edward VII from a serious illness. The next Thanksgiving didn't occur until 1879 when it was celebrated on a Thursday in November.
Yes, it is true. The then Prince of Wales had just recovered from a bout with typhoid in 1872, an illness which had taken the life of his father.
But surely, this is not the "first Canadian thanksgiving", because Royal Thanksgivings, or national thanksgivings, were nothing new to Britain and thereto, to its colonies.
Why, Royal Thanksgivings -- which take the shape of an official day of St. Paul's-attending celebration that some old royal bird had miraculously not kicked the bucket -- have been going on since the year dot!
For those who remember, King George III was portrayed having just such a celebratory feast, when HE had (momentarily, it turned out) come out of his dementia, in the well-named film, The Madness of King George .
Surely, Canadians celebrated a Thanksgiving Day then too? Even a little one? A quick Our Father and a wee bite of a drumstick?
Well, this royal chit-chat is all very well, but in no way does it represent the true, modern-day meaning of Thanksgiving, as you and I know it today.
In America, of course, this started as a sit-down dinner between viciously racist white genocidal settlers and the poor downtrodden, semi-enslaved indians, who were too famished to object to being called that.
It has long been a tradition in these lands to honour the friendly truce observed on that day, as indeed George Washington declared Thursday, 26 November 1789, a day "we may then all unite in rendering unto Him our sincere and humble thanks", thus prompting an immediate lawsuit from Michael Newdow.
But for whatever reason, Thanksgiving was not given its official imprimatur until our martyred President, Abraham Lincoln, declared every fourth Thursday in November, a National Day of Thanksgiving.
Emancipation Proclamation, winning the Civil War, and turkey-basting -- can you get a better legacy?
None of this, however, answers the lingering question of how exactly Canadians decided to up the Thanksgiving stakes by a full-month, and how it differs from the American version.
Here's the how. Hang unto your funny bones. It's a kick-save and a beaut.
Much like the United States, Canada seemed to have a difficult time deciding when a day of Thanksgiving should occur. From 1879 to 1898 it was celebrated on a Thursday in November; from 1899 to 1907 on a Thursday in October (except in 1901 and 1904 when it was celebrated on a Thursday in November); from 1908 to 1921 on a Monday in October; and between 1922 and 1930 the Armistice Day Act declared that Thanksgiving would be celebrated on Armistice Day, the Monday of November 11. In 1931 the Act was amended and the old practice of Parliament declaring a day of Thanksgiving each year was resumed.
On January 31, 1957 Parliament issued a proclamation to fix permanently the second Monday in October as "a day of general Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the bountiful harvest with which Canada has been blessed."
Dayyyum.
This makes the US-invasion of Venezuela look like a well-planned campaign (quagmire!).
Thank goodness there's the OSM/Pajamas Media debâcle around, else the Canadians would fight for the scatterbrained-wishbone by themselves.
But in researching the "how it differs part", I felt it emcumbent on this pajama-clad reporter, to seek the truth from the veritable horse's mouth.
Namely, my erstwhile Canadian guest-blogger, Renato.
"Hi Renato. Thanks for acceding to this demand, erm, interview on Canadian Thanksgiving practises."
"Hi Vicky. No problem. It's my pleasure."
"I'll be the judge of that."
"Hmm."
"So Renato, I've heard all about Canadian Thanksgiving from internet sites, but now I want a real Canuck to tell it how it is.
What makes your Thanksgiving different from the authentic, true Thanksgiving you guys so shamelessly ripped off from the world's greatest country, The United States of America?".
"Is this what they call MSM Bias?"
"Don't change the subject."
"Well, it's not really that different. We sit down with our families on Monday, usually around 6 o'clock, and eat turkey. It's exactly like American Thanksgiving."
"There has to be some difference."
"N---no. Really."
"What about the secret NHL handshake you give each other, starting grace by saying 'Holla back, Michael Moore!', just before putting on party hats with 'Ann Coulter Sucks' written on them?"
"You really should stop believing Little Green Footballs."
"Is it your oversized Welfare State that makes you so communistically controlling?"
"Yes."
"Next question: do you use cranberry sauce for purposes not tied to corrupt United Nations Oil-for-Food programmes?"
"I don't like cranberry."
"You're a smart one, arentcha."
"Yes."
"So in effect, you're telling me that Canadians celebrate their Thanksgiving in much the same way we do, down to the fixins and sudden family bust-ups?"
"You got it. Oh! Actually..."
"Aha! I knew it. Out with it, you mooseburger eater, you."
"The only difference I can think of, is that we don't have two NFL games to watch that day."
"How about hockey?"
"Wow, what a boring country. Thank God I left."
"Hmm."
"Well, thank you, Renato, for this totally ineffective interview with a card-carrying citizen of the ACLU Republic of Canuckistan."
"Go Leafs Go!"
"Losers."
So there you have it, ladies and gentlebodies. An interview with a real-live Canadian, who is too lazy to blog on his own, so he has to cleave himself unto the teat of Sundries.
But, in closing, just remember this.
Thanksgiving is a day of friendship, more than anything else. But its meaning is manifold.
It's not a day of religious import, though thanking God for your blessings, however little you may think them, is a good idea.
It's not a day to honour family, though surrounding yourself with family members you only see once a year, is a good idea.
It's not a day to be thankful you live in the country you do, though praising a land where liberty was fought by all to make it what it is today, is a good idea.
It's not even a day to just eat turkey, and stuff yourself with mashed potato and pumpkin pie, though remembering the good earth which feeds us all, is a good idea.
It's a day of Thanksgiving.
A simple day to pause, to remember, and to give thanks.
There may be more important days in your life than Thanksgiving, but surely, there are few days which give you more, than what you give it in return.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
MORE THANKSGIVING GOODNESS: Read Stuck on Stupid for more Thanksgiving linkbacks.
And maybe a Canadian can weigh in here, but it occured to me that Paul Martin does not issue a Premier pardon to spare the life of a turkey, like the US President traditionally grants every Thanksgiving. Fascists!
That's President Bush above pardoning either Marshmallow or Yam, one of the two gobblers who escaped the chop this year.
I betcha he knows how they feel.
Lastly, another salient difference between our nations' holiday, is that people up North don't have a Canadian Tire Thanksgiving Day Parade. Lucky sods.
