Canadian Long Weekend Holidays
Spring Summer Long Weekends
Long weekends for summer include longer days and more sunshine.  Although not all of the weekends are public holidays, we encourage travellers to make the best of special days over a long weekend such as   Father's Day Weekend .  See summer long weekends starting with   Canada Day Long Weekend  ,  August Civic Holiday  and  Labour Day weekend  holidays.
Canada Day Celebrations (Canada Week June 21-July 1)
CANADA DAY: Sunday July 1st, 2012
Canada Day falls on a Sunday in 2012, and makes for the perfect Canada Day summer 3 or 4 day long-long weekend depending when you take the public holiday. See  Canada Day Celebrations  for each province.
Canada's 11 Day Long Weekend
For many Canada Day starts with  National Aboriginal Day  on June 21 begins an 11 day celebration of Canada's unique cultures and heritage, including  Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day  on June 24 ,  Canadian Multiculturalism Day , culminating with  Canada Day Celebrations   Canada's Birthday Day Festival. Book the hotel location in your province to go with the event below, or consider a trip to Ottawa for Canada's Birthday in the Capital of Canada. Book  Ottawa Hotels On-Line
Canada Day News
See  Canada Day Travel news  on updates, events, activities, festivals, fireworks, music & special places and featured destinations.
As many will be flying Canadian flags this weekend, you may be interested in  Canada Flag Information
Civic Holiday
Monday August 6, 2012
Civic Holiday events start on Friday Aug 3rd. See Civic Holiday Events and Festivals . The Civic Holiday is the first Monday of August and offers a long weekend holiday during the summer vacation season in Canada....... a perfect time for family day activities, events and festivals.
It is interesting to note, depending on the community in Ontario (according to Wikipedia), different assigned to what was known as Simcoe Day including Mountie Day in North York , Colonel By Day in Ottawa , Joseph Brant Day in Burlington , Founders' Day in Brantford , McLaughlin Day in Oshawa , Alexander Mackenzie Day in Sarnia , James Cockburn Day in Cobourg , Peter Robinson Day in Peterborough , and John Galt Day in Guelph .
Labour Day Canada-Labor Day U.S.
The last long weekend of the summer--Labour Day in Canada, and Labor Day   in the United States starts Friday September 2 for a 3 day end of summer getaway. This year Labour Day lands on Monday September 3, 2012.  See Canada Labour Day Events .  Canadian football fans often celebrate by watching the Labour Day Classic Football games .
Labour Day Shopping Tradition
Shoppers can take advantage of back to school bargains   in many designated tourist destinations allowed to open over the Labour   Day Public Holiday....check local jurisdictions before heading out.   Most banks, liquor stores, and government offices are closed for this public holiday.
Labour Day is always the first Monday in September and   is a creation of the labour movement and is dedicated to the social and   economic achievements of Canadian workers. It constitutes a yearly   national tribute to the contributions workers have made to the strength,   prosperity and well-being of our country. More Labour Day Traditions and History . Book your getaways now at  hotels on-line .
Canadian Thanksgiving
Canadian Thanksgiving takes place during  peak of the Canadian   Fall Colours (colors) fall foliage . See History of Canada Thanksgiving.   Thanksgiving falls on the   second Monday in October and in 2011 this is Monday October 11. There are many  Thanksgiving events, & festivals to celebrate the harvest season and   is the perfect time to take a fall color road trip to include a visit to a   farmers' market,  a fall   fair , a Thanksgiving getaway or a fall   studio tour .  Thanksgiving in Canada was a First Nations Aboriginal   Tradition that became an European tradition with Samuel de Champlain in l604   with the Order of Good Cheer.  The American Thanksgiving takes place in  November.
Monday October 8th, 2012
Canadian Thanksgiving Events, Festivals News
Halloween Long Weekend 2011
Canadian Halloween has a number of  weekend activities  taking   place in Ontario Provinces North of Toronto; including Haunted House walks,   Ghostly excursions and dress up Halloween Horror celebrations. Many of the   Halloween parties have already started.... Get your favourite Halloween Horror   Mask now and get ready for your long Halloween Ontario   weekend October 29-October 31.  See Halloween   Tips . Many destinations north of Toronto will be celebrating with Halloween   Dress-up parties and events. See Ontario   October Getaways for overnight accommodation packages.
Christmas New Years Long Weekends
Christmas Season Long Weekends include  Christmas Weekend  
New Years Eve Weekend
Christmas                Long weekend 2011
This year with Christmas falling on Saturday December 25 and Boxing day on a   Sunday December 26, many will celebrating Christmas and a long weekend with   Monday as the official Boxing Day holiday.  Some of the best value getaways take   place after Christmas before New Year's Eve.  Engage in some pre Christmas   activities including Santa Claus Parades , letter writing to Santa , or take in a Festival of Lights Christmas Tree lighting ceremony .  Many light festivals will   continue into January and the New Year.
Christmas              / New Years Eve Getaways
New                Years Long Weekend 2012
Holiday weekends are best when they are long getaway weekends especially during   the winter season .  Canadians work and live for their long   weekends and combine them witha visit to a winter   carnival or festival .  Canada has several statutory holidays in 2011 each   year with most falling on a what has become known as Holiday Monday, thereby   creating a long weekend. Additional holiday and vacation dates are often used as   an excuse for a weekend getaway or long weekend holiday.
Valentines Day Canada Long Weekend Romance
Falling on a Tuesday February 14, Valentines could be a long weekend in 2012. Or turn the weekend into a week with a winter getaway vacation.  Getaway Valentines or romantic getaway packages can be found. See more than 30 romantic options  Ontario's February For Lovers  or check How to woo a Canadian on Valentines Day. 
 
Winter Spring Long Weekends
Long weekends for late winter and spring include  Family Day  |  March Break  |  Easter Weekend  |  Mother's Day  |  Victoria Day Weekend .  Memorial Day Weekend  Although not all of the weekends are public holidays, we encourage travellers to make the best of special days over a long weekend. 
Family Day Long Weekend - February 18, 2013  Family Day
Family Day Quick Links in Canada  Toronto Family Day ,  Ontario Family Day,   Alberta Family Day , and  Saskatchewan Family Day . The 3 day long weekend will start on Friday February 15th through until Monday February 18, 2013.  Canada Heritage Day  falls on February 18, and coincides with many February holidays. Some Canadian provinces have a special February Day, but do not acknowledge it as a public day off.  Find more information on  Family Day 2013 activities , In Manitoba residents celebrate  Louis Riel Day , and in Prince Edward Island,  Islander Day  is the public holiday. Many winter celebrations,  winter carnivals and winterfests  will be taking place during this winter holiday vacation long weekend. 
Canada March Break Long weekends
March Break has two long weekends in  Ontario March 9-18, 2012 .  Nova Scotia shares the same dates of Ontario. See Provincial March Break dates for  Quebec  ,the  western provinces , and the   eastern provinces .
Many Canadian resort destinations celebrate with special March getaway packages for the school break season...see  Ontario March Break Getaways .  March break activities and events are varied with the central and north east provinces celebrating Maple Syrup production with a  Maple Syrup Festival .  
Canada Easter Long Weekend 2012
Canada's Easter and spring getaway package ideas vary across the country.  See  Canada hotels  to create your own package getaway or get the latest last-minute   Spring Getaway Specials  packages and deals. A good time for a four day long weekend starting on a Thursday and ending on a Monday.  
Friday April 6th, 2012 Good Friday
Sunday April 8th, 2012 Easter Sunday
See  April Events  for more Easter ideas.
Mother's Day Weekend in Canada is Sunday May 13th, 2012
Make this weekend a special Canadian long weekend gift for Mom--a May Mother's Day getaway. consider a Mother's-Daughter  spa getaway   present a special buffet brunch or dinner, or a travel getaway.  Celebrations of mothers and motherhood occur throughout the world; many of these can be traced back to ancient festivals.  See more on Mother's Day options in  Quebec ,  Ontario North of GTA ,  Ontario Finest Inns ,  Vancouver
Mother's Day getaways for different budgets
Montreal Gazette‎  Flowers or gloves; lunch or brunch. Mother's Day would like to really spoil Mom,. Mother's Day is a challenge. If you would like to really spoil Mom, you can wrap up a mini-vacation that combines spa life, fine food and deluxe accommodations. Here are three suggestions, with different budgets, styles and locations. 
Anna Olson In Vancouver for Mother's Day
Scout Magazine (blog) - 
She is coming to Vancouver to join us for  Mother's Day weekend  and share her ... Each course will be paired with special Canadian wines, likeOntario's With Edible British Columbia’s expansion to Edible Canada last summer came the natural move to welcome guest chefs from across Canada to participate in our popular  Market Dinner series .              Unable to get to Vancouver, check out the Mother's Day possibilities at  Best Mother's Day Gifts Ontario Travel  or  Mother's and Father's Day Gift Ideas for Savvy Sibling
Victoria Day Weekend May 2012
Monday May 21st, 2012 is Victoria Day however the official long weekend starts on the Friday May 18, 2012 - through until Monday May 21st, 2012. See  Fireworks Displays Victoria Day Weekend  in Canada Celebrating Queen Victoria's Birthday.
See the  Best Places to Party North of Toronto  over the May 24 long weekend
Many resort destinations celebrate Victoria Day Weekend as their official re-opening for the summer vacation season and many have developed special Victoria Day long weekend packages. See  May getaway packages  for more information.
Many call this the May 24 weekend (anything to do with Ontario's first beer bash-- Beer stops  going north?), even though the official holiday is not always on the 24th. This year Monday May 21rd is the official public holiday. 
Memorial                Day Weekend
