Thanksgiving is a statutory (i.e., public), holiday in Canada that falls on the second Monday of October ; since 1971, Canadian Thanksgiving has coincided with the Columbus Day federal holiday in the U.S. This year, Thanksgiving is Monday, October 10, 2011.
Celebrating Thanksgiving in Vancouver, BC
Like all Canadians, Vancouverites largely celebrate Thanksgiving at home with their families, often enjoying a traditional Canadian Thanksgiving meal of roasted turkey, cranberries, and pumpkin pie. For some, watching football is another Thanksgiving tradition: the Canadian Football League has a nationally-televised double-header on Thanksgiving called the Thanksgiving Day Classic.
If you're making your own Thanksgiving meal in Vancouver, you can buy fresh produce at Vancouver Farmers Markets before the holiday. If you prefer to enjoy a traditional Thanksgiving menu out, many Vancouver restaurants have Thanksgiving Meal Deals .
What's Closed on Thanksgiving in Vancouver, BC
Because Thanksgiving is a statutory holiday, government offices are closed on Thanksgiving Day, as are schools, banks, libraries, and most BC Liquor Stores. (To find out which BC Liquor Stores are open on Thanksgiving Monday, see the BC Liquor Store site .)
What's Open on Thanksgiving in Vancouver, BC
Most shops, stores and supermarkets are open on Thanksgiving Monday in Vancouver, particularly the large chain stores and shops in major shopping districts, like Downtown's Robson Street . You can definitely shop on Thanksgiving Monday in Vancouver: Top 10 Places to Shop in Vancouver .
Public parks, including Stanley Park and Queen Elizabeth Park , are open, as are the Top 10 Vancouver Attractions . Find more attractions and events open on Thanksgiving: October Events in Vancouver .
Traveling from Vancouver, BC, Over Thanksgiving Weekend
Because Thanksgiving weekend is a three-day weekend, many Vancouverites travel outside the city. The U.S. is a popular destination, so expect increased border wait times at the Peace Arch and Pacific Highway Border Crossings and plan ahead accordingly. Other popular Vancouver Weekend Getaways include trips to Vancouver Island and Victoria, the B.C. interior, and resorts near Vancouver , like Whistler and Grouse Mountain.
History of Canadian Thanksgiving in Vancouver, BC
Canadian Thanksgiving became a statutory holiday in 1957, but it has its roots in much older traditions. It is partly linked to European and First Nations harvest festivals and partly to the English explorer Martin Frobisher's 1578 voyage to Canada in search of the Northwest Passage. Frobisher's trip was plagued with such severe weather and ice that when he and his men reunited in Frobisher's Bay (in Nunavut), they held the first ceremonial Thanksgiving to thank God and for their "strange and miraculous deliverance."
When is Thanksgiving in Vancouver, BC?
2011: Monday, October 10
