Party Planner: Thanksgiving Dinner
By: Marissa Ponikowski
Hosting Thanksgiving dinner this year? From invitations to decor, we’ve got you covered! Read on for inspiration you're sure to be thankful for.
Invitations
Since Thanksgiving dinner generally involves close family and friends, a casual mode of invitation, such as telephone or email, is perfectly acceptable. Or, if you’ve got the time and feel like summoning guests to your autumn fete in a more conventional way, send invitations by mail. Go to your local papery and look for invite cards in fall hues such as russet, cranberry or burnt orange.  Got kids? Instead of buying pre-made invitations, get out the construction paper and scissors. Children can trace their hands and cut out the shape to create unique turkey-shaped invites. Put these in oversized envelopes and include a sheet of cardboard—especially when sending these to grandparents—to ensure the homespun invites don’t crumple in transit.
Decor
Thanksgiving is all about a bounty of food. Pay tribute to this by decorating your home and table with harvest-inspired accents. Try:
Using miniature pumpkins as place card holders. Use a sharp knife to separate the stem of the pumpkin in two halves (while leaving it attached) so you can slide in a piece of stiff cardboard with the name of each guest written with a red, orange or chocolate brown gel pens.
Filling clear glass vases with stalks of wheat. Sheaves of wheat are usually available at florists this time of year.
Updating the classic ‘horn of plenty’ centrepiece by filling a wicker basket with bright green and red apples or oranges that have been stuck with cloves.
Filling a glass bowl with water and setting cranberries and floating candles adrift.
Black-eyed Susans and Sedum often bloom well into October. Bunch flowers together with a rubber band and tie with brightly hued ribbon, then place in clear glass vases (or mason jars for a homey look).
Filling a large wooden salad bowl or clear glass bowl with dozens of mini gourds, squash and pumpkins.
Covering a large serving platter, plate or tray with autumn foliage. Make sure the leaves aren’t too dry, and place tall white, orange, red or chocolate brown pillar candles on top of the leaves. (You may want to scatter a few pinecones on the tray as well.)
Tunes
Set guests to salivating with some food-inspired – and very fun - blues songs, such as:
Beans and Cornbread by Louis Jordon
Grits Ain’t Groceries by Little Milton
Diggin’ My Potatoes by Junior Wells or Big Bill Broonzy
Keep On Eatin’ by Memphis Minnie
My Last Meal by Hurricane Harry
Also try mellow instrumental CD’s or a play list combining lush jazz and bossa nova music that’s lively enough to stimulate conversation, but not too invasive. Some artists to try:
John Coltrane
